THE

STATUTES AT LARGE

From the Third Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the SECOND

To the Twentieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the SECOND.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

VOLUME the SIXTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket;

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXIV.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS from the Third Year of the Reign of George II. to the Twentieth Year of the Reign of George II.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 3 Georgii II.

1. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1730.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for providing a maintenance for the minister of the parish church of St. Mary Stratford Bow, in the county of Middlesex.

4. An Act for making more effectual an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapple in the Frith in the county of Derby to Manchester in the county of Lancaster.

5. An Act to enable his Majesty to prohibit any person or persons, his Majesty's subjects, or residing within this kingdom, to advance or lend any sum or sums of money to any foreign prince, state, or potentate, without licence obtained from his Majesty under his privy seal, or some greater authority.

6. An Act for making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads therein mentioned between Crackley Bank in the parish of Idsall, alias Shiffnall, and the town of Shrewsbury in the county of Salop.

7. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1730; for exempting from the said duties cyder and perry used for distilling; for ascertaining the bounty for malt exported; for better preventing frauds in the malting of corn for exportation; for making good the deficiency of a late malt act; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

8. An Act for the better regulating elections in the city of Norwich, and for preserving the peace, good order, and government of the said city.

9. An Act for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county.

10. An Act for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chase in the parish of South Mims in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

11. An Act for reviving and amending an act made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An act to prevent exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river.

12. An Act for importing salt from Europe into the colony of New York in America.

13. An Act for making navigable the river Stroudwater in the county of Gloucester, from the Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge near the town of Stroud in the same county.

14. An Act for reducing the annuity or fund of the united East India company, and for ascertaining their right of trade to the East Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that purpose, upon the terms therein mentioned.

15. An Act for repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham, which lies next to the city of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former act, as appropriates part of the money arising by the tolls or duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the road between the town of Chatham, and Boughton under the Blean, in the said county of Kent.

16. An Act for raising five hundred and fifty thousand pounds by exchequer bills, towards the supply granted to his Majesty and for the further application of the produce of the sinking fund; for applying the arrears of former land-taxes; for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving relief with respect to an overpayment to the land-tax, for the year 1721, by the receiver general for the county of Salop.

17. An Act for making the hamlet of Limehouse, and part of the hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the parish of St. Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, a distinct parish, and for providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church there.

18. An Act for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford.

19. An Act for providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church near Bloomsbury Market in the county of Middlesex; and for making more effectual an act passed in the fourth year of his late Majesty's reign, for impowering the commissioners for building the fifty new churches, to direct the parish church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said county, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new churches.

20. An Act for taking off certain duties on salt, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds, that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the East India company, on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lyon executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year 1724.

21. An Act for repairing and amending the several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enston, to Roll Right Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the county of Oxon.

22. An Act for amending the acts therein mentioned relating to the making of bricks.

23. An Act for amending and making more effectual an act made in the second and third years of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled An act for the erecting a workhouse in the city of Worcester, and for setting the poor on work there.

24. An Act for making a new road, and for repairing and amending the antient road, between the towns of Wisbech and March, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

25. For the better regulation of juries.

26. An Act for the better regulation of the coal trade.

27. An Act for explaining and amending an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons.

28. An Act for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America directly to any part of Europe southward of cape Finisterre, in ships, built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

29. An Act for continuing and amending an act for regulating the price and assize of bread; for relief of bankrupts, whose certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late act (for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts) for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds or wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers and lessees; and for making further provision concerning certificates relating to the settlements of poor persons, and the charges of maintaining and removing certificated persons.

30. An Act to put an end to certain disputes touching orders and decrees made in the court of chancery.

31. An Act for the admission and regulation of brokers within the city of Bristol.

32. An Act for enabling the judges of the court of session in Scotland, to make an adjournment of the said court; and for limiting the time for the execution of sentences importing corporal punishments, in that part of the kingdom.

33. An Act for providing a maintenance for the minister of the new parish church of St. Nicholas Deptford, in the counties of Kent and Surrey, and for making the same a distinct parish.

34. An Act for repairing several roads leading into the town of Bridgewater in the county of Somerset.

35. An Act for making the acts of the first and seventh years of his late Majesty's reign (for making the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks) more effectual.

36. An Act for confirming a patent granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench esq; deceased, for erecting a lighthouse upon the island or rock called Skerries, and for the better maintenance of the said lighthouse, and for making the duties granted for maintaining the same perpetual.

37. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act made in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing the roads leading from Stump-Cross, in the parish of Chesterford in the county of Essex, to Newmarket-Heath, and the town of Cambridge in the county of Cambridge, and also an act made in the eleventh year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing part of the road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the end of the parish of Foulmire in the said county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington-Street, in the town of Cambridge.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 3 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Paul Terras, and others.

2. An act for naturalizing Herman Broyel.

3. An act to inclose divers commons and parcels of waste grounds, lying and being in the township of Claughton, in the parish of Garstang, and county palatine of Lancaster.

4. An act for inclosing several common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Lillington in the county of Warwick.

5. An act to confirm an agreement for inclosing the common fields, downs, waste and uninclosed lands, part of the manor of Mixbury, in the county of Oxon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for inclosing part of the waste or common called East Wellow Common, belonging to the manor and tithing of East Wellow, in the county of Southampton, and for vesting a certain annual relit charge in trustees, for the benefit of the poor of the tithing of East Wellow aforesaid for ever.

7. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the parish of Horninghold, in the county of Leicester.

8. An act for vesting the manor of Okeley, and other lands in the county of Bucks, in trust for Charles lord Cadogan, and his heirs, and for settling other lands of equal value in the counties of Oxon and Berks, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

9. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, and others.

10. An act for obliging Henry duke of Beaufort, and Frances duchess of Beaufort, and her children, to take the additional surname, and bear the arms of Scudamore, pursuant to a settlement made by James late lord Scudamore in the kingdom of Ireland; and for vesting in the said duke, in fee, the manors of Wick-hall and Ditton Camois, and lands in the county of Cambridge, late the estate of the said lord Scudamore, in lieu of the portion provided by him for his daughter the said duchess; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act for vesting the manor of Claxby, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln, the estate of the honourable James Cavendish esq; in trustees, to be sold for discharging 4,200l. secured upon those, and other lands.

12. An act for vesting the estate of Richard late earl of Ranelagh, in the kingdom of Ireland, lying in the counties of Middlesex and Berks, in trustees, to be sold for the uses therein mentioned.

13. An act for inclosing several Common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the hamlet of Welsbourne Mountfort, in the parish of Welsbourne Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

14. An act for the sale of the manor of Hickling, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Nottingham, late the estate of Margaret duchess dowager of Newcastle, and intailed by her will; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the same uses.

15. An act for enlarging the power of Sir Charles Mordaunt bart. to make a jointure.

16. An act for vesting the estate of Sir James Lumley bart. in trustees, for raising monies by sale or mortgage thereof, for the payment of his debts.

17. An act to enable trustees to make leases of the estate late of Sir William Dodwell knt. deceased, during the infancy of Mary Dodwell his only child, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for repealing part of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for vesting part of the estate of Moyle Breton esq; in trustees, to be sold for the raising 3,000l. charged on the other part of the same estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for appointing other lands to be sold, than by the said act are directed.

19. An act for confirming a conveyance and surrenders of certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments, by Roger Satisfatt, and Jemima Satisfatt, both infants, unto Edward lord bishop of Coventry and Lichfield.

20. An act for restraining Thomas Jervoise junior, esq; a lunatick, from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumbring, his estate, during his lunacy, and for raising portions for his sister's children, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for relief of dame Elizabeth Dudley, relating to an estate in the kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the crown, during the life of William Kennedy her great uncle.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 4 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1731.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for repairing the roads leading from the most southern part of Butt Lane in the parish of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshal's Smithy upon Cranage Green in the said county.

4. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year 1731.

5. An Act for the further application of the sinking fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea annuities.

6. An Act to indemnify persons who through ignorance of law have omitted to qualify themselves for employments or offices, by taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation, and receiving the sacrament; and members of corporations, who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and persons who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their assent and consent to the same, according to law, upon the terms therein mentioned.

7. An Act to explain and amend an act made in the third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulation of juries, so far as the same relates to the county of Middlesex.

8. An Act for the more effectual repairing the road leading from Godstone in the county of Surrey, to Highgate, at the entrance into Ashdown Forest in the parish of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex.

9. An Act for raising one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets, and orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

10. An Act to enable idiots and lunaticks, who are seised or possessed of estates in fee, or for lives, or terms of years, in trust, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances, surrenders, or assignments of such estates.

11. An Act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dundee, and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the said town, repairing the harbour there, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

13. An Act for the further continuing the duties granted by an act passed in the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, and continued by an act passed in the year one thousand seven hundred and seven, for paying off the debts of the town of Aberdeen, and for the other publick uses of the said town.

14. An Act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise, with respect to starch, coffee, tea, and chocolate.

15. An Act for importing from his Majesty's plantations in America, directly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any act of parliament.

16. An Act to prevent the stealing of linen, fustian and cotton goods and wares, from fields, grounds, and other places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying the same.

17. An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the pier or piers, and harbour of Newhaven in the county of Sussex.

18. An Act to prevent counterfeiting the passes commonly called Mediterranean passes.

19. An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the pier and harbour of Ilfordcombe in the county of Devon.

20. An Act for rebuilding the parish church of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

21. An Act to explain a clause in an act made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for naturalizing foreign protestants) which relates to the children of the natural-born subjects of the crown of England, or of Great Britain.

22. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol.

23. An Act for repairing the road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

24. An Act to explain and amend a clause in an act passed in the second year of his Majesty's reign (for making more effectual several acts relating to watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, rowing on the river Thames) so far as the same relates to ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed boats.

25. An Act for confirming an agreement lately entred into between the mayor, aldermen and citizens of the city of Worcester, and the guardians of the poor of the said city, for continuing the hop-market of the said city in the workhouse there; and for vesting the right of the said mayor, aldermen and citizens, of keeping a hop-market in the said city, in the guardians of the poor of the said city, and their successors for ever.

26. That all proceedings in courts of justice, within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English language.

27. An Act for further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, by taking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned; and allowing an additional bounty on British made sail-cloth exported; and for stamping British made sail-cloth with the name and place of abode of the maker.

28. An Act for the more effectual preventing frauds committed by tenants, and for the more easy recovery of rents, and renewal of leases.

29. An Act for granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder.

30. An Act for rendring more effectual an act made in the third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulation of the coal trader so far as the same relates to the preventing the inhancing the price of coals in the river Thames by the keeping of turn in delivering of coals there.

31. An Act for making more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening and amending the roads from Wigan to Preston in the county of Lancaster.

32. An Act for the more effectual punishing stealers of lead, or iron bars fixed to houses, or any fences belonging thereunto.

33. An Act for obviating a doubt which hath arisen concerning the usual allowance made upon the delivery of letters sent by the penny-post to places out of the cities of London and Westminster, and borough of Southwark, and the respective suburbs thereof.

34. An Act for repairing the road leading from the town of Fulham in the county of Middlesex, through Fulham fields, to the great road near the pound at Hammersmith in the said county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 4 Georgii II.

1. An act to enable Edward Southwell esq; to take the oaths in this kingdom, and to qualify himself for the legal enjoyment of the offices of principal secretary of state, and keeper of the signet and privy seal of the kingdom of Ireland.

2. An act to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufville and others.

3. An act for inclosing the common fields, and uninclosed lands, lying within the manor and parish of Bishops Tachbrooke in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for enabling Richard Claridge gent, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Turner.

5. An act to naturalize Hieronymus de Salis esq;

6. An act for naturalizing Catharina Godolphin, wife of the honourable William Godolphin esq; commonly called marquis of Bland ford.

7. An act to naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, wife of Charles de la Fontaine of London, merchant.

8. An act for vesting several manors, lands, and hereditaments therein mentioned, in James duke of Chandos, and his heirs, in pursuance of certain articles of agreement made on the marriage of his son Henry Brydges esq; commonly called marquis of Carnarvon.

9. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the manor of Nuneaton and Attleborough in the county of Warwick.

10. An act for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and common waste grounds, within the manor of Prestbury in the county of Gloucester.

11. An act to enable John Shafto esq; to make a suitable settlement upon any woman he shall marry, and provision for younger children.

12. An act for the sale of the estate late of Mary Clayton deceased, in the county of Bucks (intailed by her will) for payment of her debts and legacies charged thereon, and for laying out the overplus of the monies, arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the like uses.

13. An act for naturalizing Isaac Lacam, Peter Korten and others.

14. An act for sale of an estate of Charles duke of Grafton in the county of Surrey, and to settle other lands in lieu thereof.

15. An act for enabling the sale of several lands and hereditaments of Thomas Taylor and Maurice Shelton esquires, in the county of Suffolk, and for settling other lands of as great yearly value to the same uses.

16. An act for making divisions, inclosures, and allotments of the open cornfields and pastures in the lordship of Catwick, in the county of York, and for settling and establishing the payment of a yearly sum to the rector of Catwick aforesaid, and his successors, in lieu of tythes, pursuant to agreement between the present rector and proprietors of the said lands.

17. An act for exchanging the parsonage house and glebe lands in Biscathorpe in the county of Lincoln, for other lands belonging to the lord of the manor, and for giving a recompence to the rector in lieu of his tythes, to enable the lord of the manor to inclose the common fields.

18. An act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields and common grounds in the parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter in the county of Gloucester.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing divers parcels of commons and waste grounds lying within the manor of West Broughton in the parish of Dovebridge in the county of Derby.

20. An act for vesting certain estates of Sir Hungerford Hoskins baronet, in trustees, to be sold for the raising and paying his brothers and sisters portions, now remaining a charge upon his estate, together with the debts and incumbrances of his father Sir John Hoskins, affecting the same.

21. An act for making and rendring effectual an exchange of estates therein mentioned in the county of York, between Lancelot lord arch-bishop of York, and John Aislabie, esq;

22. An act to enable Frances Arundell and George Henry earl of Litchfield, guardian of Mary Arundell (an infant) during the minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up leases of the estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell in the counties of Cornwall and Dorset.

23. An act for exemplifying the will of Henry late lord Herbert, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

24. An act for exemplifying the will of Nicholas Banenall esq; and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and dominion of Wales.

25. An act for confirming an agreement for exchanging of lands made between Edmund Halsey esq; deceased, and the patron and vicar of Stoke Poges in the county of Bucks.

26. An act for selling part of the estate of Thomas Player esq; for discharging the debts, legacies, and incumbrances therein mentioned.

27. An act for the sale of the estates of Edward Standen esq; deceased, at Arborfield and elsewhere, for discharging the debts of the said Edward Standen, and other purposes therein mentioned.

28. An act for vesting in trustees the estate of Lucy Bowry widow, and John Bowry her son, situate in the parishes of Edmunton and Tottenham in the county of Middlesex, for the sale thereof, to discharge the several incumbrances thereupon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for selling part of the estate of Robert Westby esq; in the county of Lancaster, for raising money to discharge several debts and incumbrances of his father and brother, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act to enable Reymundo Putt esq; to make and fill up leases of the estate late of Sir Thomas Putt baronet, deceased, in the counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset.

31. An act for vesting in John Inglis (executor of George Heriot clerk, deceased) certain lands in the county of Southampton, mortgaged in fee by Charles Bulkley esq; to the testator, in trust for the purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for enabling Godfrey Kneller Huckle gent. and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Kneller.

33. An act for naturalizing Ernst Bardewieck.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 5 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1732.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act to encourage and compel George Robinson esq; and John Thomson to appear, and produce the books, and discover the effects of the Charitable Corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges at legal interest; and to be examined thereupon at the times and places therein mentioned.

4. An Act for rebuilding the parish church of Woolwich in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

5. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year 1732.

6. An Act for reviving the duties on salt for the term therein mentioned.

7. An Act for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty's plantations and colonies in America.

8. An Act for providing a recompence to Sir Thomas Lombe, for discovering and introducing the arts of making and working the three capital Italian engines for making organzine silk, and for preserving the invention for the benefit of this kingdom.

9. An Act to explain an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for importing from his Majesty's plantations in America, directly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any act of parliament, so far as the said act relates to the importation of foreign hops into Ireland.

10. An Act for repairing and amending the road leading from the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, through the town of Ashton under Line, and the parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of Chester.

11. An Act to enlarge the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of York.

12. An Act for amending and making more effectual an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional act for the improvement of tillage.

13. An Act for enlarging the term granted by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the pier and harbour of Parton, in the county of Cumberland.

14. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon, and for determining differences touching houses and buildings burnt down and demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire there, and for the better preventing dangers from fire for the future.

15. An Act for rendring more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county of York.

16. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Bland ford Forum in the county of Dorset, and for determining differences touching houses and buildings burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire there.

17. An Act for the further application of the sinking fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea stock; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

18. An Act for the further qualification of justices of the peace.

19. An Act to oblige the justices of the peace at their general or quarter sessions to determine appeals made to them according to the merits of the case, notwithstanding defects of form in the original proceedings; and to oblige persons suing forth writs of Certiorari to remove orders made on such appeals into his Majesty's court of King's bench, to give security to prosecute the same with effect.

20. An Act for the better regulation and government of pilots licensed by the corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, and to prevent mischiefs and annoyances upon the river of Thames below London Bridge.

21. An additional act for the encouragement of the woollen manufacture of this kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful exportation of the woollen manufactures of the kingdom of Ireland to foreign parts.

22. An Act to prevent the exportation of hats out of any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and to restrain the number of apprentices taken by the hatmakers in the said colonies or plantations, and for the better encouraging the making hats in Great Britain.

23. An Act for making void the several contracts for sale of the estate of James late earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith esq; and also of the annuity of two hundred pounds during the life of Charles Radcliffe, and the arrears thereof to Matthew White esq; and the several conveyances made in pursuance of the same.

24. An Act for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America.

25. An Act for making process in courts of equity effectual against persons who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

26. An Act for the effectual repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockcliffe in the county of Bedford, by enlarging the term and powers granted by two former acts, one of the ninth, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

27. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests.

28. An Act for encouraging the Greenland fishery.

29. An Act for reviving an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's subjects trading thither under foreign commissions.

30. An Act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

31. An Act for appointing commissioners for taking, stating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of The charitable corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges at legal interest; and of all persons claiming any share or interest in the stock or fund of the said corporation, and for enabling the said corporation to name one person to be an assignee under the respective commissions of bankruptcy awarded against George Robinson and John Thomson; and for enabling the commissioners acting under the said commissions of bankruptcy to proceed and esquire of the estates, goods, and effects of the said bankrupts, and to apply the same; and to oblige John Thomson, father of the said John Thomson the bankrupt, to appear before the said commissioners of bankruptcy in England.

32. An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton knight of the bath, Sir Archibald Grant baronet, Denis Bond, William Boroughs, esquires, Richard Wooley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this kingdom for the space of one year, and until the end of the then next session of parliament; and for discovering their estates and effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the same; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a time and place mentioned in the act, and to give security for his not going out of this kingdom for the space of one year, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and for discovering his estate and effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the same; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the directions of this act.

33. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 5 Georgii II.

1. An act to naturalize Leonard Lockman esq;

2. An act to naturalize Agnes Coussmaker.

3. An act to naturalize Thomas Malan, and Joseph Malan, and others.

4. An act for vesting several manors and hereditaments, the estate of Montague earl of Abingdon, in the counties of Wilts, Oxon, Bucks and Berks, in trustees to be sold for raising money to discharge debts and incumbrances.

5. An act for sale of the manors of Kemble and Poole, in the county of Wilts, late the estate of Henry Poole esq; deceased, for the purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into severality, several common fields, common meadows, and waste grounds within the manor and township of Little Kineton in the county of Warwick.

7. An act for advancing and applying four thousand pounds, part of the portion of dame Anne Drake, wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake baronet, and for leasing out certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Devon for lives, according to the custom of the country.

8. An act for vesting the conduits, springs, and waters in Hyde Park, in trustees for the benefit of his Majesty.

9. An act for the exchange of the right of presentation to the rectory of Wimborne Allhallows, and vicaridge of Loders in the county of Dorset, and for uniting the rectories and parishes of Wimborne St. Giles, and Wimborne Allhallows.

10. An act for enlarging the churchyard of the parish of Paddington in the county of Middlesex.

11. An act for enabling Richard lord viscount Molesworth and his brothers to make leases for lives, or years determinable upon lives, renewable for ever, or to make grants in fee-farm of a piece of ground in the city of Dublin.

12. An act for sale of certain manors, woods, wood-lands, and other lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Bucks, Hertford and Bedford, part of the estate of Sir William Stanhope knight of the bath, and for settling other lands in the County of Warwick, of greater yearly value, to the same uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for making effectual an agreement between Sir Ralph Hare and his brothers, for raising money upon part of his intailed estate, and for settling other lands not intailed, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

14. An act to impower Sir Robert Furnese baronet, to transfer and pay unto Richard Edgecumbe esq; certain government securities and money therein mentioned, and for settling lands of equal value upon the same trusts.

15. An act for sale of part of the estate of Sir William Gerrard baronet, a lunatick, for payment of his debts and other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for vesting part of the estate of John Lambe esq; in trustees for raising money to discharge several mortgages, and other debts and incumbrances therein mentioned.

17. An act for making leases of the estate late of Thomas Strangeways esq; and Elizabeth, late duchess of Hamilton, his sister (both deceased) and for applying the money arising thereby for the purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for sale of the estate of Thomas Mitchell deceased, lying in the county of Warwick, for payment of the debts charged thereupon, and for making provision for his widow and infant children.

19. An act for raising money out of the estate late of Surtees Swinburne esq; deceased, for compounding and paying the portions charged thereon to his younger sons William and Robert Swinburne, and for paying the debts of Cuthbert Swinburne esq; deceased.

20. An act for sale of the real estate late of Robert Abbot esq; deceased, for discharging his debts and incumbrances, and for making a provision for his widow and only son.

21. An act for rectifying some mistakes in a settlement made by John Congreve esq; and vesting his seat and estate in Stretton in the county of Stafford, in trustees to be sold for better clearing his debts, for which his eldest son stands engaged, and purchasing another estate more suitable to the occasions of his family to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An act for vesting certain lands and estates in the counties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, late the estates of Sir Eusebius Boswell baronet, deceased, in trustees to be sold for the payment of his debts.

23. An act for exchanging of certain lands between Henry Bromley, esq; and the master, fellows, and Scholars of Pembroke Hall in the university of Cambridge.

24. An act to establish and confirm an agreement made between John West esq; on the behalf of his daughters Mary West and Frances West infants, Sir Francis Vyvyan baronet, and Mary Erisey, and to render the same effectual.

25. An act for charging the settled estate of John Francis clerk, with the payment of his father's debts and legacies, and for settling another estate of greater value to the uses of his marriage settlement.

26. An act for vesting two undivided fourth parts of the manor of Greatham, and of other lands and hereditaments in the county of Sussex, the estate of Barbara Mill and Frances Mill spinsters, in trustees, to enable them to join in the sale of the said intire manor, lands, and hereditaments, for raising portions for them and their two sisters.

27. An act for selling part of the estate of Joseph Gace esq; for discharging several debts and incumbrances affecting the same.

28. An act for sale of the estate of Sir William Morice baronet in Padstow, in the county of Cornwall, and for settling another estate of better value to the same uses in lieu thereof.

29. An act to vest in Mary Hall widow, certain copyhold lands in the manors of Bedlington and Chester en le street, in the county of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the trusts mentioned in the will of Anne Hancock widow, deceased.

30. An act for supplying a defect in a conveyance lately made by Charles Lloyd senior, and Sarah his wife, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane his wife; and for the sale of certain lands in the county of Montgomery, for raising three thousand pounds, and six hundred pounds, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for inclosing and dividing a common pasture ground called Momes Leaze, situate and lying in the parish of Puriton, alias Pirton, in the county of Wilts.

32. An act for confirming the exchanges, inclosures, and divisions of the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commons within the parish of Staunton in the county of Wilts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkins, cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, for an arrear he stands charged with to the crown.

34. An act to naturalize Nicholas Haijman.

35. An act to naturalize Joseph Guinand, David Dumouchell and others.

PUBLIC ACTS,

Anno 6 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1733. and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

2. An Act to allow a further time to John Thomson to appear and produce the books, and discover the effects, of The charitable corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges, at legal interest, and to be examined thereupon at the times and places fixed in the bill, and for allowing the said John Thomson a proportion out of the effects of the said corporation, which he shall discover, and for preventing fraudulent releasing or assigning any debt due, from George Robinson, or the said John Thomson, or either of them.

3. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for employments or offices by taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation, and receiving the sacrament, and allowing them further time for that purpose.

5. An Act for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers and lessees.

6. An Act for obviating a doubt which may arise upon an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act that all proceedings in the courts of justice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English language, so far as the dame doth or may relate to the court of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or to any member or branches thereof.

7. An Act for the free importation and exportation of diamonds, pearls, rubies, emeralds, and all other jewels and precious stones.

8. An Act for rebuilding the parish church of St. George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth, the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne.

9. An Act to explain and amend two acts of parliament, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, for making navigable the river Dun in the county of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said navigation, and for uniting the several proprietors thereof into one company.

10. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1733.

11. An Act for providing a maintenance for the minister of the new church of Horslydown, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and for making the district assigned to the same a distinct parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for erecting piers in and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Little Hampton called Arundel Port in the county of Sussex.

13. An Act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

14. An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests, and for the more easy recovery of debts and damages in the courts of great sessions in the principality of Wales, and in the court of assize in the county palatine of Chester, and for the obviating a doubt which has arisen upon an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign intituled An act, that all proceedings in courts of justice, within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English language, so far as the same act doth or may relate to the courts of justice holden within the said principality, and for explaining and amensing the said act.

15. An Act for making more effectual an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the parish of Enfield in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware, in the county of Hertford, and for amending the road from the said great bridge to the south end of the great bridge at Wades Mill, and from the great road at Cheshunt, to the west end of Small Lea Bridge in the said county of Hertford.

16. An Act for repairing the roads leading from a place called Saint Johns Bridge in the county of Berks, to a place called Fyfeld in the said county.

17. An Act for repealing an act for laying a duty on compound waters or spirits, and for licensing the retailers thereof, and for determining certain duties on French brandy, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for enforcing the laws for preventing the running of brandies.

18. An Act for continuing a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed and sold within the town of Linlithgow, and liberties thereof, in the county of West Lothian, for paying the debts of the said town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for making a chapel in the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon, a perpetual cure, and for providing a maintenance for the ministers who shall officiate therein.

20. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the better repairing and amending the road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the road called the Pye Road, in the county of Suffolk, and for amending the roads leadsing from Yaxley Bull through Eye, to Lanthorn Green in the said county.

21. An Act for providing a maintenance for the rector of the new church near Old-Street, in the parish of St. Giles Cripplegate, and for making that part of the said parish which is called The lordship part a distinct parish, and for impowering the commissioners for building of the fifty new churches, to apply a sum of money to wall in the said church and church yard, and to erect a house for the habitation of the rector of the said church, out of the money appropriated for the endowment of the said fifty new churches.

22. An Act for filling up such part of the channel of Bridewell-Dock and Fleet-Ditch, as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet- Bridge, and for converting the ground, when filled up, to the use of the city of London.

23. An Act to explain and amend an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members, so far as the same relates to the holding of county courts.

24. An Act for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wades-Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston in the said county.

25. An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year 1733. and for the further disposition of the said fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea annuities; and for enabling his Majesty, out of the monies arisen by sale of the lands in the island of St. Christopher, to pay the sum of eighty thousand pounds, for the marriage portion of the princess royal, and ten thousand pounds to the trustees for establishing the colony of Georgia in America; and for making good all deficiencies and charges, by taking of broad pieces into the mint out of the coinage duty; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for issuing to the subdean, treasurer, and steward of the collegiate church of St. Peter Westminster, out of the monies reserved for building fifty new churches within the cities of London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof, and for making provisions for the ministers of the same, four thousand pounds for the repair of the said collegiate church, and twelve hundred pounds for finishing the dormitory belonging thereunto.

26. An Act to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the gold coins, commonly called Broad Pieces.

27. An Act to explain and amend an act made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

28. An Act for the converting a further part of the capital stock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for settling the remaining part of the said stock in the said company.

29. An Act for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

30. An Act to recover and preserve the navigation of the river Dee, in the county palatine of Chester.

31. An Act for the relief of parishes, and other places, from such charges as may arise from bastard children born within the same.

32. An Act to enable certain persons to propound the papers importing to be the last will, codicils, and testamentary schedules of Richard Norton late of Southwick in the county of Southampton esq; deceased, in the prerogative court of Canterbury, and to sue for administration with the same annexed.

33. An Act for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's British subjects.

34. An Act for reviving so much of the act made in the first year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to oblige ships coming from places infected more effectually to perform their quarentine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the spreading of infection, as relates to the performing of quarentine, and preventing the spreading of infection, and to enable his Majesty to prohibit commerce with any country or place infected with the plague, for a certain time therein limited.

35. An Act for appointing commissioners to examine, state and report, who of the sufferers in The charitable corporation are objects of compassion, according to the descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving relief to such sufferers; and for enforcing the laws made against foreign lotteries; and for impowering the said commissioners to hear and determine the claims of such creditors and proprietors of the said corporation, as have not made their claims within the time limited by an act made in the last session of parliament, for takings stating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of the said corporation, and of all persons claiming any share or interest in the stock or fund of the said corporation.

36. An Act for making effectual such agreement as shall be made between the charitable corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges, at legal interest, and their creditors.

37. An Act for making perpetual the several acts therein mentioned, for the better regulation of juries, and for impowering the justices of session or assizes for the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, to appoint a special jury in manner therein mentioned, and for continuing the act for regulating the manufacture of cloth, in the West-Riding of the county of York (except a clause therein contained) and for continuing an act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any sea-bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for continuing an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing the ft and rapine upon the northern borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain clauses in two other acts made for the same purpose.

38. An Act for enlarging the time for exportation of tea.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 6 Georgii II.

1. An act for inclosing several large common fields within the parishes of Welsbourne Hastings and Newbold Pacy, in the county of Warwick.

2. An act for exemplifying two carriage settlements, made on the marriage of Henry late earl of Thomond, and the present earl of Thomond, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Ireland.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and common meadows, in the parish of Barston in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for discharging divers lands and hereditaments, at Aberton in the county of Worcester, part of the estate of Francis Sheldon esq; a lunatick, from the trusts of a former act of parliament, made for payment of the debts of the said Francis Sheldon, and for vesting another estate of the said lunatick in the county of Gloucester, in trustees for the same purpose.

5. An act to naturalize Justus Gerhard, Paul L'Hospital, William Christian Hamburger, and others.

6. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds, lying in the manor and parish of Chippen Warden in the county of Northampton.

7. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the tithing of Buckland Newton, Mineterne Parva, and Knowle in the parish of Buckland Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the county of Dorset.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the hamlet of Aston Magna in the parish of Brockley in the county of Worcester.

9. An act to enable the lady viscountess Gage, and her trustees, and Thomas Whorwood esq; to purchase lands of inheritance with the money arising by sale of their estate in the county of Bucks.

10. An act for sale of the manors of Kidderminster Borough, and Kidderminster Forren, part of the intailed estate of William lord Abergavenny, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate to be settled to the same uses.

11. An act for vesting divers lands and tithes in Hothorpe in the county of Northampton, the estate late of Griffith Davies deceased, and of Arthur Dogget, in trustees to such uses, as the manor of Hothorpe aforesaid Hands settled, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act to confirm articles of agreement entred into between Archibald Hamilton esq; commonly called lord Archibald Hamilton, and others, and George earl of Macclesfield, and others, trustees of a charity, for vesting in George earl of Orkney, and his heirs, certain lands in the county of Berks, to the several uses; and upon the trusts therein mentioned.

13. An act to enable William Widdrington late lord Widdrington, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto in reversion or remainder, before his attainder.

14. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for vesting the honour and estate of John duke of Atholl in James Murray (commonly called lord James Murray) after the death of the said duke.

15. An act for sale of part of the paternal estate of Waltham Savory esq; comprised in his marriage settlement to discharge the incumbrances on other the more valuable parts of his estate in the same settlement comprised, for the benefit of his issue by Mary his late wife.

16. An act for rendring more useful, and preventing the inconveniencies likely, to arise from a covenant in the marriage settlement made by George Pitt esq; and for making good and effectual the agreements, limitations, and provisions made by the parties for that purpose, contained in an indenture of settlement lately made.

17. An act for sale of part of the estate of Thomas Prestwood esq; in the county of Devon, for discharging an incumbrance affecting the same, and other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act to enable Thomas Warden esq; and the heirs of his body, and the several other persons therein named, and the heirs of their respective bodies, to take and use the surname of Sergison, as therein mentioned.

19. An act for impowering Sir John Tynte baronet, and Charles Tynte esq; and their sons respectively, to make leases of the estates comprised in the late Sir Haswell Tynte's settlement, for lives or years determinable on deaths, according to the custom of the country.

20. An act to enable Thomas Erle Drax esq; an infant, and others, to grant leases of several manors and lands in the county of Wilts, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

21. An act to dissolve the marriage of Sir John Rudd bart, with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for settling the estate of Thomas Bawtry late of Boston in the county of York esq; deceased, in his surname and blood, and making his will more effectual for that purpose.

23. An act for dividing the site of the late dissolved monastery of Bellalanda, alias Byland, and divers messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of York, amongst Thomas Holles duke of Newcastle, Philip Dormer earl of Chesterfield) and Gervase Scrope esq; in the manner therein mentioned.

24. An act for explaining and amending part of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the parish of Hadleigh in the county of Suffolk, for the better maintenance of the poor of the said parish.

25. An act to naturalize Jean Legier Lamotte, and George Godfried Hasenfeller.

26. An act for confirming an exchange agreed to be made between William earl Cowper, and Sir George Oxenden baronet, of certain lands, and hereditaments in the county of Kent.

27. An act to enable Richard Child esq; commonly called lord Castlemain, and the heirs of his body, and such other persons, who by virtue of a settlement made by Frederick Tylney esq; deceased, shall be in the possession of the estates therein limited, to take and use the surname of Tylney.

28. An act to enable the several persons claiming under the will or codicil of Robert late lord Bingley, when they shall be intitled to the estates comprised therein, or directed to be purchased thereby, to make leases for one and twenty years, at the best improved rents, without taking fines.

29. An act for vesting part of the estate of Charles Cholmondeley esq; in the county of Chester, in trustees, to be sold to raise money for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for making certain articles of agreement, entred into by Thomas Asheton esq; in behalf of his son Thomas Asheton, an infant, touching the estate late of Robert Cholmondeley of Holford in the county of Chester, esq; obligatory on the said infant, and vesting the said estate in trustees, to be sold for the purposes therein expressed.

31. An act for enabling Richard Dowdeswell esq; to raise money by sale or mortgage of his estates in the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the portion of his niece Anne Wilde the younger, charged thereon.

32. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Anthony Henley esq; in trustees, to be sold for discharge of the several debts and incumbrances affecting the same; and for making a further separate provision for the lady Elizabeth his wife, during their joint lives.

33. An act for selling part of the settled estate of David Roberts esq; for discharging the debts and incumbrances of himself and his late father; and for settling an equivalent for the same, for the benefit of the several persons claiming under his marriage settlement.

34. An act for vesting in trustees the unsettled estates of William Brandon deceased, to be sold for payment of a debt due from him to the crown; and for applying the residue of the money arising by such sale for the benefit of his family.

35. An act for enabling trustees to make leases of certain messuages, houses and buildings, in Mark-Lane in the city of London, the estate of George Harvest, an infant.

36. An act for restoring Bazil Hamilton in blood.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 7 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty four; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for exhibiting a bill in this present parliament, for naturalizing his highness the prince of Orange.

4. An Act for naturalizing the most serene prince William Charles Henry Friso, prince of Orange and Nassau.

5. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Montrose, and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of seven years; and for licensing the erecting new refineries of rock salt in the counties of Essex and Suffolk.

7. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty four.

8. An Act to prevent the infamous practice of stock-jobbing.

9. An Act to explain and make more effectual the laws in being, to oblige the possessors of lands adjacent to common highways, to cut and keep low such hedges as are adjoining to the said highways.

10. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for imployments or offices, by taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation, and receiving the sacrament, and to allow them further time for that purpose; and to enable the vice-chancellor of the university, and mayor of the town of Cambridge, to act as justices of the peace for the county of Cambridge, notwithstanding the act for the further qualification of justices of the peace.

11. An Act for the application and disposal of the residue of the money raised by way of lottery, on the credit of an act made in the last session of parliament, for the relief of such sufferers in the charitable corporation, as are objects of compassion, according to the descriptions therein mentioned.

12. An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the sum of one million two hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty four; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to continue and settle an annuity of five thousand pounds on the princess royal during the term of her natural life, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

14. An Act for ascertaining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

15. An Act to settle how far owners of ships shall be ancwerable for the acts of the masters or mariners.

16. An Act for the better regulating the election of members to serve in the house of commons, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the judges of the court of session, court of judiciary, and barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to sit or vote as members of the house of commons.

17. An Act to explain an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the converting a further part of the capital stock of the South-Sea company into annuities redeemable by parliament, and for settling the remaining part of the said stock in the said company, so far as the said act relates to the paying off the bonds of the said company.

18. An Act for the revival of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the free importation of cochineal during the time therein limited; and also for the free importation of indico.

19. An Act for the more effectual preventing the clandestine importation of foreign hops into Great Britain and Ireland, and to prevent the adulterating or sophisticating of hops to alter the colour or scent thereof.

20. An Act for the more easy redemption and foreclosure of mortgages.

21. An Act for the more effectual punishment of assaults with intent to commit robbery.

22. An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money, or warrants, or orders for payment of money, or delivery of goods.

23. An Act for raising the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for making the militia within the same more useful.

24. An Act for granting to Samuel Buckley, citizen and stationer of London, the sole liberty of printing and reprinting the histories of Thuanus with additions and improvements, during the time therein limited.

25. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled An act for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the West Riding of the county of York.

26. An Act for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual two acts of parliament, one of the third, and the other of the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from the several places in the said acts mentioned, to Highgate gatehouse and Hampstead in the county of Middlesex; and for amending the roads from the south end of the said town of Hampstead, to the further end of Burrough Lane in the parish of Hendon; and for repairing other roads therein mentioned, lying in the parish of Islington in the said county.

27. An Act for making the church of Bablack in the city of Coventry a parish church, and for appointing a district or parish thereto; and for enabling the master and usher of the free grammar school within the said city, to be the rector and lecturer of the said parish church.

28. An Act to extend the navigation of the river Weaver from Winsford bridge to the town of Namptwich, in the county of Chester.

29. An Act for making more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the more effectual amending the highways leading from Royston in the county of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the county Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that part of the road as lies between a place called the White Post upon Alconbury Hill, and Wandsford Bridge in the said county of Huntingdon, called The North Division.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 7 Georgii II.

1. An act to naturalize John Matthew Buttner, John Lewis Kraguelius, and others.

2. An act for confirming the inclosure division, and exchanges of several lands and grounds lying in the common fields of Woollesthorpe near Belvoir castle in the county of Lincoln.

3. An act to enable Robert Dalzett late earl of Carnwathy to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

4. An act to enable Walter Calverley esquire, now called Blackett esquire, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the will of Sir William Blackett baronet, deceased.

5. An act for vesting certain lands and tenements lying contiguous to the citadel of Plymouth, being the estate of William Strode, an infant, in trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the use of his Majesty.

6. An act for supplying an omission in a former act of parliament, to enable Richard earl of Burlington to grant leases of ground behind Burlington house.

7. An act to enable the trustees and executors of the last will and testament of John Vanden Bampde esq; deceased, to lay out part of the said testator's trust estate in the purchase of securities affecting the marquis of Annandale's estate in Scotland, and carrying interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be assigned to the said trustees, to and for the same uses and trusts, as by the said will are declared of and concerning the said trust estate.

8. An act for vesting in Sir Theodore Janssen knight and baronet, and his heirs, the remainder in fee simple, now in the crown, expectant on the determination of certain estates tail, of and in the manor and advowson of Ower Moigne, in the county of Dorset, and several lands and hereditaments to the same manor belonging.

9. An act for enabling Thomas Scawen esquire, and others, to sell an estate in Ireland, settled by Sir William Scawen's will, and settling another estate, purchased by the said Thomas Scawen in England, of greater value, to the same uses.

10. An act for sale of the manor of Hopsford in the county of Warwick, for raising money towards discharging the debts and incumbrances of of Elizabeth late dutchess of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased.

11. An act for discharging a certain piece of ground called The Pesthouse Fields from certain charitable trusts, and for settling another piece of ground of equal extent, and in a more convenient place, upon the same trusts.

12. An act for vesting certain houses in Blechingly in the county of Surrey, late the estate of George Evelyn esq; deceased, in Charles Boone esquire, and for settling another estate of greater value on the daughters and coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in lieu of and exchange for the same.

13. An act for vesting part of the estate, late of George Evelyn esquire, deceased, in the county of Surrey, in trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone esquire, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose.

14. An act for inclosing the common or waste called Lightwood Forest, other wise Cocknage Banks and Blurton Common, in the manor and parish of Trentham in the county of Stafford.

15. An act for confirming and making effectual several articles of agreement made for inclosing and dividing the common fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cleybrooke in the county of Leicester.

16. An act for confirming a conveyance of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Durham, late the estate of John Morland esquire deceased, for payment of his debts and incumbrances.

17. An act for sale of the manor, farm, and lands of Encombe in the county of Dorset, part of the estate of John Culliford esquire deceased, for payment of the debts and incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same.

18. An act to enable Joseph Wyndham esquire and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Ashe, pursuant to the last will and testament of dame Mary Ashe.

19. An act to naturalize Anne Judith Bristowe wife of John Bristowe esquire.

20. An act to naturalize Bartold Bull.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for repairing the roads from the town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York.

4. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the declarations contained in the act of uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

5. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Annes intituled An act for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittensor, and the most northern part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane in the county of Stafford.

6. An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the North Riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty six.

7. An Act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same county, and from thence to the towns of Halifax, and Ealand in the county of York.

8. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Saint Giles’s pound to Kilbourn bridge in the county of Middlesex, and for paving that part of the road called Oxford Street.

9. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the highways through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the commissioners authorised to put the said act in execution.

10. An Act for lengthening the west pier of the harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and for improving the said harbour.

11. An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

12. An Act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid, for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

13. An Act for the encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and etching historical and other prints, by vesting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned.

14. An Act for prolonging the time for claiming the fortunate tickets in the Charitable Corporation lottery, and for making provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

15. An Act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels, within the two parishes of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

16. An Act for the amendment of the law relating to actions on the statute of Hue and Cry.

17. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

18. An Act to continue some laws therein mentioned, relating to the encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and for encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom.

19. An Act to continue an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part of Europe, southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law, and to extend that liberty to his Majesty's province of Georgia in America.

20. An Act for rendering the laws more effectual for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works erected by act of parliament for making rivers navigable, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to continue several laws therein mentioned, for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service; for the regulating of pilots of Dover, Deal, and the isle of Thanet; for preventing frauds in the customs, and to prevent the clandestine running of goods; and for making copper ore of the British plantations an enumerated commodity.

22. An Act to enable William Mackenzie, late earl of Seafort, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

23. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

24. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons.

25. An Act to indemnify protestant purchasers of estates of papists, against the penalties or forfeitures papists are liable to for not having inrolled their estates, in pursuance of an act of the third year of King George the First, for that purpose.

26. An Act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Lincoln's Inn Fields in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate on themselves, for raising money sufficient to inclose, clean. and adorn the same fields.

27. An Act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex.

28. An Act to explain and make more effectual the several acts made and passed for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead in the county of Middlesex, so far as the same relate to the statute work to be done upon the said highways, or compositions to be made in lieu of the same.

29. An Act for the application of the rents and profits of the estates forfeited by the attainders of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe.

30. An Act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Samuel Engel, John Peter Blaquiere, and others.

2. An act for enabling the two younger sons of John duke of Rutland, by Bridget late dutchess of Rutland, and their respective children, progeny, and issue, to take and use the surname of Sutton, pursuant to the will of Robert lord Lexington deceased, and in such manner as is therein mentioned.

3. An act to enable John Childe esquire, commonly called lord Castlemain, and the heirs of his body, and such other persons, who by virtue of a settlement made by Frederick Tylney esquire, deceased, shall be in possession of the estates therein limited, to take and use the surname of Tylney.

4. An act for exchanging lands between the earl of Peterborough, and the provost and scholars of Queens College in Oxford.

5. An act for sale of the estate of Henry late lord Carleton in the county of Oxon, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate in or near the county of Wilts, to be settled to the like uses,

6. An act to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called lord Polwarth, to sell lands in Essex, settled by his marriage articles, and with the money arising thereby to purchase other lands of like value, to be settled to the same uses.

7. An act to enable Sir Charles Gilmour baronet, to sell part of the lands and baronies of Craigmillar and Nether Libberton for payment of debts, with which the said estate stands charged and incumbered.

8. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Oxon and Kent, the estate of Elizabeth Dyke an infant, in Edward Dyke esquire, and his heirs, in exchange for his undivided moiety of divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Somerset and Devon.

9. An act for confirming and establishing a partition of the estate of Henry Appleton, esquire, deceased, made pursuant to a decree of the court of Chancery.

10. An act for the better execution of the last will and testament of Richard Cantillon esquire, deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act for vesting the estate of William Forrester esquire, and Brook Forrester his son and heir apparent, in the county of Salop, in trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an agreement previous to the marriage of the said Brook Forrester with Elizabeth his wife, notwithstanding the minority of the said Brook Forrester.

12. An act for discharging part of the estate of Robert Edger esquire, in the county of Cambridge, from the uses of his marriage settlement, he having settled an estate in the county of Suffolk, of greater value to the same uses.

13. An act for vesting part of the real estate late of James Tregeare, esq; deceased, in Margery his widow and relict, in part of her dower, and for sale of the rest of the said estate for payment of the debts of the said James Tregeare, and for laying out the surplus money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to the use of Honour his daughter and her heirs.

14. An act for inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands in the parish of Hunningham alias Honingham, in the county of Warwick.

15. An act for appointing commissioners to make a division of certain commons and waste lands lying within the manor and parish of Chedleton in the county of Stafford, among the proprietors, in order to inclose the same.

16. An act to enable William Toller, now called William Toller Treffry gentleman, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Treffry only, pursuant to the deed of settlement of John Treffry esquire deceased.

17. An act to explain and amend an act made in the first year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the relief of Hannah MacDonnell, with relation to the forfeited estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal MacDonnell esquire, to sell or incumber the estate therein mentioned.

18. An act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton, Josias Cottin, John Chevalier, and John Treber.

19. An act to naturalize Stephen Matthew Arnold Rosenhagen, and Jane Elizabeth du Bouchet.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 9 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

2. An Act to punish Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

4. An Act to amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act to preserve and encourage the woollen and silk manufactures of this kingdom, and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the use and wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed callicoes in apparel, houshold stuff, furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two (except as is therein excepted) so far as relates to goods made of linen yarn, and cotton wool, manufactured in Great Britain.

5. An Act to repeal the statute made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act against conjuration, witchcraft and dealing with evil and wicked spirits, except so much thereof as repeals an act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, Against conjurations, enchantments, and witchcrafts, and to repeal an act passed in the parliament of Scotland in the ninth parliament of Queen Mary, intituled, Anentis witchcrafts, and for punishing such persons as pretend to exercise or use any kind of witchcraft, sorcery, inchantment, or conjuration.

6. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to read the prayers, and make and subscribe the declarations directed to be read, made, and subscribed by the act of uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

7. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and enlarging the read leading from the house called The sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned in the county of Kent.

8. An Act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

9. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing and amending the road from Biggleswade in the county of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the top of Alconberry Hill, or cross post, leading into Sautery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh road, and from the said town of Bugden to the town of Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall in Eaton Soken in the said county of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common in the said county of Huntingdon.

10. An Act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, to the waterside at Whitstable in the county of Kent.

11. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the road from Beconsfield in the county Bucks, to Stoken Church in the county of Oxon.

12. An Act to enable the justices of the peace, acting for the western division of the county of Kent, to purchase a convenient piece of ground for building a gaol for the said county, and for impowering the said justices to apply part of the county stock of the said division towards the same.

13. An Act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

14. An Act for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile Stone in the road leading to Magdalene Bridge in the said county.

15. An Act for enabling the mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses of the borough of New Windsor in the county of Berks, to repair and maintain their great bridge over the river of Thames, and the way thereon, leading from the said borough of New Windsor to Eton in the county of Bucks.

16. An Act for continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the highways from Crown Comer in the town of Reading (leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton; to Basingstoke in the said county of Southampton.

17. An Act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelist, within the city and liberty of Westminster.

18. An Act for reviving and continuing the acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a clause in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for making the laws for repairing the highways more effectual, relating to the appointing scavengsers in cities and market towns, and the ordering the assessments for the repairing and cleansing the streets therein.

19. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Anne, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

20. An Act for the better enlightning of the streets of the city of London.

21. An Act for repairing the highways from Sunning Lane End next Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn in Reading in the county of Berks.

22. An Act for rebuilding the parish church of Gainsburgh in the county of Lincoln.

23. An Act for laying a duty upon the retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the retailers thereof.

24. An Act for exhibiting a bill in this present parliament for naturalizing her royal highness the princess of Wales.

25. An Act for more equal paying and better collecting certain small sums for relief of shipwrecked mariners, and distressed persons, his Majesty's subjects, in the ports of Cadiz, and port Saint Mary’s in the kingdom of Spain, and for other uses, usually contributed to by the merchants trading to the said ports.

26. An Act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation; and for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

27. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed, or brought into, and sold within the town of Irvine, and liberties thereof: and for laying a duty of one penny Sterling upon every ton, or ten horse loads of coals, carried to the harbour of the said town, and shipped there for transportation.

28. An Act for naturalizing her royal highness the princess of Wales.

29. An Act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

30. An Act to prevent the listing his Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers without his Majesty's licence.

31. An Act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth of a penny Sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that shall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the villages of Gorbells and Port Glasgow, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city and villages.

32. An Act for continuing for the purposes therein mentioned, the additional duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, laid by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First.

33. An Act to render the law more effectual for preventing the importation of fresh fish taken by foreigners, and to explain so much of an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to ships exporting fish to the ports of the Mediterranean Sea, and for the better preservation of the fry of lobsters on the coast of Scotland.

34. An Act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any sum or sums of money not exceeding six hundred thousand pounds, to be charged upon the surpluses, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called The sinking fund, redeemable by parliament, and for the further disposition of the said fund, by paying off one million of South Sea annuities, and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

35. An Act for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws made for securing the revenues of customs and excise, and for enforcing those laws for the future.

36. An Act to restrain the dispositions of lands, whereby the same become unalienable.

37. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British sail cloth, and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom.

38. An Act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of prosecutions grounded upon the said act.

39. An Act for making more effectual two acts of parliament, one of the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehouse in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-house in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and for amending Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead in the said county of Middlesex.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 9 Geo. II

1. An act to enable John Harrison an infant, now called John Newport, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Newport, pursuant to the direction of Henry late earl of Bradford deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing Peter Callifies, Zachary Cahuac, and others.

3. An act to enable Bartholomew Richard Barneby esquire, otherwise Lutley, and the issue of his body, to take upon him and them the surname of Barneby, pursuant to the will of John Barneby esquire, deceased.

4. An act for naturalizing Henry Lys and Frederick Ludovick Metzner.

5. An act for settling the estate of William late earl Cowper deceased, to the uses and for the purposes mentioned in certain articles of agreement, made between William now earl Cowper, and his brother, and the issue of Spencer Cowper esquire, deceased.

6. An act to enable Harry earl of Stamford, and Harry Gray esquire, commonly called lord Gray, son and heir apparent of the said earl, to make a settlement upon the marriage of the said lord Gray, notwithstanding his infancy.

7. An act for impowering the trustees named in the will of Thomas late earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the residue of his personal estate in the purchase of such lands and hereditaments, as in this act are mentioned.

8. An act for discharging the estate purchased by the trustees of Charles Cavendish esquire, commonly called lord Charles Cavendish, from the trusts of his settlement, and for enabling the said trustees to sell and dispose of the same, for the purposes therein mentioned.

9. An act for exchanging of lands between Sir John Astley baronet, and the president and fellows of Queen's College in Cambridge.

10. An act to enable the dean and chapter of Saint Peter's, Westminster, to convey a piece of ground with three houses thereon, at Knightsbridge, to a trustee, for the contributors to Saint George's hospital, and their successors.

11. An act for making effectual articles of agreement, touching the estates late of Roger Nowell the elder, of Read in the county of Lancaster, esquire, and Roger Nowell his aon, lying in the same county and in the county of York, and vesting the said estates in trustees, to be sold for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act for sale of an undivided fourth part of the manor of Plumpton, and certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Sussex, the estate of Elizabeth Shore and her daughters, and for vesting the money arising thereby in trustees for the same uses, to which the said estate now stands settled.

13. An act for vacating the grants and settlements of certain manors, lands, and tenements, made by George Parker esquire, upon the marriage of Francis his son with Jaquete his now wife, and for settling other lands instead thereof.

14. An act for vesting the equity of redemption of all the lands of inheritance and leasehold estates, late of Charles Bentley esquire, deceased, lying in the county of Worcester, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts, and making some provision for Penelope his widow, and Charles and Penelope infants, his son and daughter.

15. An act for vesting the estate of William Gee esquire, in trustees, to settle the same, pursuant to an agreement made previous to his marriage with Elizabeth his wife, daughter of Roger Talbot esquire.

16. An act for explaining the will of Joseph Banks esquire, deceased, and for impowering several persons, claiming under the said will, to make jointures and leases, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

17. An act for inclosing and dividing the common field called Alderminster common field, common pastures, and other common grounds, in the parish of Alderminster in the county of Worcester.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the common field and plots of commonable lands, and for stinting the common or heath in the manor of Ixworth within the parish of Ixworth in the county of Suffolk.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste grounds called Stankham and Soldridge commons in the parish of Old Alresford in the county of Southampton.

20. An act to enable Charles Herbert esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the will of John late duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased.

21. An act to enable Reginal Lygon esquire, otherwise Pyndar, and the heirs male of his body, to take upon him and them the surname and arms of Lygon, pursuant to the settlement of William Lygon esquire, deceased.

22. An act to enable William Berkeley esquire, now called William Portman, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Portman only.

23. An act to enable Robert Kendalls esquire, now called Robert Cater, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Cater.

24. An act to enable John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Barrington, pursuant to a settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington baronet, deceased.

25. An act to enable George Allgood esquire, lately called George Smith, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the will of George Allgood gentleman, deceased.

26. An act to enable Robert Phillips esquire, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Lee, pursuant to the will of Robert Lee esquire, deceased.

27. An act to enable John Gilbert esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Cooper, pursuant to the will of John Cooper of Thurgarton, esquire, deceased.

28. An act to enable John Sinclair, eldest son of Henry late lord Sinclair deceased, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

29. An act to enable William Murray to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may have descended or come to him since his late Majesty's most gracious pardon, dated the twentieth day of July, in the seventh year of his reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him.

30. An act for naturalizing Friederich Felthusen.

31. An act for making effectual what has been agreed been Alan lord viscount Midleton in the kingdom of Ireland, and his four nieces; and for the securing the payment of ten thousand pounds agreed to be paid them; and to enable him to make good the agreements in his marriage articles.

32. An act to enable John Freeman esquire, heretofore called John Cooke, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Freeman, pursuant to the will of William Freeman esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Freeman, and others, to make leases of the estates devised by the said will.

33. An act to enable the guardians and trustees of Samuel Pitt an infant to compound with Samuel Pitt merchant, for a sum of money decreed to the said infant by the court of Chancery.

34. An act for sale of part of the estate late of Thomas Vaux, esquire, deceased, for discharging his debts and incumbrances.

35. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the parish of West Stafford cum Froom Bellett in the county of Dorset.

36. An act for vesting in John Sallom gentleman, and his heirs, a reversion in fee of lands and hereditaments therein mentioned, in the county of Lancaster, forfeited by Gabriel Hesketh, attainted of high treason.

37. An act to enable the of of the treasury or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Edward Randolph late of London merchant, and his sureties, a debt due to the crown for customs for tobacco.

38. An act for naturalizing David Purry and John Anthony Merle.

39. An act for naturalizing John Reessen.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

4. An Act for continuing an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that be vended or sold within the town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the harbour, and repairing the town house, and building a school, and other buildings there, and for supplying the said town with fresh water.

5. An Act for enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing roads therein mentioned, leading into the city of Worcester; and for repairing several other roads, lying contiguous to the same; and for reducing the toll or duties granted on sheep and lambs by the said act.

6. An Act for the better repairing and paving the highways, streets and watercourses within the city of New Sarum, and for enlightning the streets, lanes, and passages, and better regulating the nightly watch within the said city.

7. An Act for continuing an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfreis, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of shipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the said town, for the better repairing the said harbour.

8. An Act to make perpetual an act made in the seventh year of the reign his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the infamous practice of stock-jobbing.

9. An Act for making navigable the river or brook called Worsley Brook, from Worsley Mill, in the town ship of Worsley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the river Irwell in the said county.

10. An Act to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Bucks, to raise money to discharge the debts incurred on account of building a gaol and court rooms, and for finishing the same for the use of the county.

11. An Act for making more effectual two acts of parliament, one of the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George, For repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick.

12. An Act for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the town of Basingstoke, and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the town of Odiham in the county of Southampton.

13. An Act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices, or to take the oaths required within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for those purposes.

14. An Act for collecting at the port of Leghorn certain small sums of money, to which the merchants trading the re have usually contributed, for the relief of shipwrecked mariners, captives, and other distressed persons, his Majesty's subjects, and for other charitable and publick uses.

15. An Act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Red lion Square, in the county of Middlesex to make a rate on themselves, for raising money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said square.

16. An Act for explaining and amending an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

17. An Act for repealing the present duty on sweets, and for granting a less duty thereupon; and for explaining and enforcing the execution of an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for laying a duty upon the Retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

18. An Act for rebuilding the church of the parish of Saint Olave, in the city of London, and in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry.

19. An Act for the more effectual preventing the unlawful playing of interludes within the precincts of the two universities, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the places adjacent, and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for laying a duty upon the Retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof as may affect the privilege of the said universities, with respect to licensing taverns, and all other publick houses within the precincts of the same.

20. An Act to enable the magistrates and town council of the burgh of Lanark, to repair and maintain their bridge over the river Clyd at Clydsholm, in the shire of Lanark.

21. An Act for making the chapel in the hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the parish of Towcester, in the county of Northampton, a parish church, and for appointing a district or parish thereto, and for enabling the master of the free grammar school within the said hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate to be vicar of the said parish church.

22. An Act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the laws now in being, for paving and cleansing the streets and sewers in and about the said city.

23. An Act for explaining, and amending, and making more effectual several acts of parliament made in the fourth, sixth, and tenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned in the counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex; and for enlarging the terms and powers by the said acts granted; and for repairing the road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester parks, in the parish of Cuddington, in the said county of Surry.

24. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunstable in the county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said road up to Shafford House in the county of Hertford; and for preventing the driving of cattle through private grounds and passages, to avoid the payment of the toll charged upon cattle by an act of the first year of the reigh of his late majesty, and the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the roads from South Mims to Saint Albans, in the said county of Hertford.

25. An Act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the county of Middlesex.

26. An Act for relief of insolvent debtors.

27. An Act for laying a duty upon apples imported from foreign parts; and for continuing an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; and for taking off the drawback upon exportation of foreign paper; and for the better securing the payment of the bounty on the exportation of British made sail-cloth; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

28. An Act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common players of interludes.

29. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a revenue for supporting the dignity of her royal highness the princess, in case she shall survive his royal highness the prince of Wales, and for exempting such yearly sum or sums of money, as his Majesty hath granted, or shall grant to his said royal highness from the payment of fees, taxes, and other charges whatsoever, and for enabling his said royal highness to make leases of lands, parcel of the dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

30. An Act for repealing the duties payable ad Valorem, upon foreign oysters imported into this kingdom, and for laying another duty thereon.

31. An Act for regulating the company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen rowing on the river Thames, between Gravesend in the county of Kent, and Windsor in the county of Berks.

32. An Act for continuing an act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons, going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; and for continuing two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds, contained in an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; and for the more effectual punishment of persons removing any materials used for securing marsh or sea walls, or banks, and of persons maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal, and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer, in forests or chases, or beating or wounding keepers, or other officers, in forests, chases or parks; and for the more effectually securing the breed of wild-fowl.

33. An Act for making navigable the river Rodon, from a little below a mill called Barking Mill in the county of Essex, to Illford Bridge in the said county.

34. An Act to disable Alexander Wilson esquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying any office or place of magistracy in the city of Edinburgh, or elsewhere, in Great Britain; and for imposing a fine upon the corporation of the said city.

35. An Act for the more effectual bringing to justice any persons concerned in the barbarous murder of captain John Porteous, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said offenders.

36. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from the stones end at White Chapel Church in the county of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost part of the parish of Woodford, leading to the town of Epping, in the county of Essex; and for repairing the road leading from the causeway in the parish of Low Layton (through Wanstead) to the end of the parish of Woodford next to the parish of Chigwell in the said county of Essex.

37. An Act to prevent the act made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act for limitation of actions, and for avoiding suits in law, being pleaded, insisted on, or taken advantage of, by any persons claiming under the will of Richard Norton esquire, of Southwick, deceased, against any claim, title, or demand, which Thomas Norton esquire, hath to or upon the manor of Old Alresford and lands in the county of Southampton, settled by indenture of the fifth of March, one thousand six hundred and fifty seven, or the rents and profits thereof.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii II.

1. An act to enable Anthony James esquire, and his heir male, and other persons therein mentioned, to take and use the surname of Keck, pursuant to the will of Anthony Keck gentleman, deceased.

2. An act for naturalising Joseph Pouthon.

3. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Magens, John Timmerman, Theodore Davel, and others.

4. An act for sale of the capital messuage of Gunnersbury, and other lands and hereditaments, late the estate of Sir John Maynard knight, serjeant at law, and for purchasing another estate to be settled to the uses of his will.

5. An act for sale of a certain lifehold estate of Thomas Cook esquire, in the county of Gloucester, and for settling same freehold and copy-hold estates of inheritance of greater value to the same uses in lieu thereof.

6. An act to enable the trustees and testamentary guardians named in the will of Thomas Hesketh, late of Rufford in the county of Lancaster, esquire, deceased, to perform the same, and make leases for lives in his settled estate, for paying his debts during his son's minority, in case of an estate devised by him to be sold.

7. An act for inclosing and dividing certain common pasture grounds called Purton Common and Purton Stoke Common, within the parish of Purton otherwise Puriton, in the county of Wilts.

8. An act for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie baronet, and John Des Bouverie esquire, and their respective issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, sister of the said John, to take and use the surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the desire of Jacob Des Bouverie esquire, and Sir Christopher Des Bouverie deceased.

9. An act to enable John Harvey esquire, now called John Thursby, to take and use the surname and arms of Thursby, in pursuance of the will of William Thursby, esqire, deceased.

10. An act to enable the trustees in the last will of Thomas Kellow gentleman, deceased, to sell the rectory impropriate of Berwick Saint James in the county of Wilts, for the payment of his debts.

11. An act to enable trustees, during the respective minorities of George Talbot esquire, and his younger brothers, to grant leases of the estates of the said infants in the counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts.

12. An act for sale of the manor and capital messuage of Swallowfield, late the estate of Thomas Pitt esquire, deceased, and for purchasing another estate to be settled to the uses of his will.

13. An act for naturalizing Godfrey Wichelhausen, John Francis Noppe, John Stephen Masson, Thomas Barbaud, and John Dillman.

14. An act for sale of part of the estate of Daniel late earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, deceased, for payment of debts and incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act for establishing and confirming a partition of the estates of Sir Robert Furnese baronet, deceased, among his three daughters and coheirs, and for settling their several specifick shares and allotments to such uses as their several undivided third parts thereof stood limited before such partition, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for inrolling of certain indentures of lease and release, executed by Sir William Dudley and dame Elizabeth his wife, and for making the exemplification and attested copies of such indentures, and also of an act of parliament and certain articles of agreement therein referred to, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Ireland.

17. An act for sale of the manor of Kippax in the county of York, part of the settled estate of Sir Reginald Graham baronet, and for settling his estates at Norton and Nunwick in the same county, being of greater value, to the same uses, and for making a partition of the manor of Whitwell between him and his brother Richard Graham esquire.

18. An act to establish an agreement made by the devisees of Sir Samuel Ongley knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hudson knight, for the sale of two messuages on the east side of Bishopsgate street in the city of London, and for the purchase of two messuages on the north side of Threadneedle Street in the said city, with part of the money arising from the said sale, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act for confirming an agreement between the rector of the parish church of Saint Mary Woolnoth and of the united parishes of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary Woolchurch in the city of London, and the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the said city, with the consent of the patron and ordinary, for the grant of a parcel of ground therein mentioned lying in Stocks Market, to the said mayor, commonalty, and citizens, in consideration of a rent of ten pounds a year, payable to the said rector and his successors for ever.

20. An act to enable Peter Legh of Lyme, esquire, to revoke or alter some of the uses and estates limited in a settlement formerly made by him, and to impower certain tenants for life therein, to make jointures and provision for daughters and younger sons in the lifetime of the said Peter Legh the elder, and with his consent.

21. An act to enable Peter Shakerley, and George Shakerley, sons of George Shakerley, to make suitable jointures for their wives, and provision for their daughters and younger sons out of the estates of the said George Shakerley the father, lying in the counties of Chester and Lancaster.

22. An act to enable the guardians of Anthony Langley Swymmer, an infant, to join in making leases of certain mines in the county of Flint, with the other owners thereof, during the minority of the said infant.

23. An act to vest the estates of Frederick Trench esquire, in the counties of West Meath and Meath in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees to raise money for the payment of debts, and after discharging the said debts, to the use of the said Frederick Trench, and his heirs, and for resettling other lands therein mentioned to the uses of his marriage settlement.

24. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of George Cary esquire, lying in the county of Devon, for discharging several debts and incumbrances of his late father and grandfather, and for settling an estate in the county of Middlesex to the uses of his marriage settlement.

25. An act to enable George Seton of Barnes, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

26. An act to enable James Rollo, only son of Robert Rollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

27. An act to enable Jordan Longdale of Cliff in the county of York, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his outlawry, and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, and also such real estate as he was intitled unto in reversion or remainder before his said outlawry.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields within the lordship and parish of Stallingborough in the county of Lincoln.

29. An act to enable Edward Mountfort, and his issue male by Mary his now wife, to take and use the surname of Grosvenor.

30. An act for naturalizing Bartholomew Barratty, Bartholomew Gallatin, Francis Perrier, and James Solier.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge in the county of the town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the bridges, commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leicester.

4. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold within the town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof.

5. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the church of the parish of All Saints in the city of Worcester.

6. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the third and the other of the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from that part of Counters Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the said county, in the road to Colnbrooke.

7. An Act for continuing the term and powers granted and given by the acts passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the third, and in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent; and for restoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex to its ancient goodness.

8. An Act for continuing the terms and powers granted and given by the acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William, and the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For recovering, securing and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehead in the county of Somerset.

9. An Act for the relief of such prisoners for debt as have by unavoidable accidents lost the benefit of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for relief of insolvent debtors; and for the indemnity of such sheriffs and gaolers as have incurred any penalties on account of such prisoners not being discharged; and for extending the benefit of the said act to creditors whose debtors were committed to prison since the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and were detained there upon the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty six, and have chose to continue there.

10. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hitchen in the said county; and also for repairing the roads from Cory's Mill to Hitchen aforesaid.

11. An Act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

12. An Act for continuing of an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

13. to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act of parliament made and passed in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Mary Rotherhith in the county of Surrey, by certain funeral rates therein mentioned, to finish the said parish church; and to enable the said parishioners to raise such further sums of money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient piece of ground for an additional burying ground, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

15. An Act to empower the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London to set the price upon all coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the port of London from Newcastle and the ports adjacent thereunto, for the space of one year; and to oblige, for the term therein mentioned, fitters and others vending and loading ships with sea coals at Newcastle and the ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such coals to any matters of ships applying for the same; and for further obliging buyers and sellers of sea coals at Billingsgate or other place of, sale within the bills of mortality, to sign their contracts for coals; and for the admeasurement of all carriages whatsoever used in loading ships with coals in the port of Newcastle, and members thereunto belonging.

16. An Act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on each pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Inverness, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for securing the estates of papists conforming to the protestant religion, against the disabilities created by several acts of parliament relating to papists; and for rendering more effectual the several acts of parliament made for vetting in the two universities in that part of Great Britain called England, the presentations of benefices belonging to papists.

18. An Act to continue two several acts therein mentioned; one for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

19. An Act for the more effectual securing the payment of rents, and preventing frauds by tenants.

20. An Act for the more effectual securing the payments of certain sums of money directed by an act made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the relief of the poor, to be paid by the respective treasurers of every county in England and Wales, for the relief of the poor prisoners in the King's Bench and Marshalsea prisons.

21. An Act to empower the present trustees under the last will and testament of John Marshal gentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain sum of money, now in their hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the parish church of Christ Church in the county of Surrey; and for inclosing a piece of ground lately purchased for an additional church yard to the said church.

22. An Act for punishing such persons as shall do injuries and violences to the persons or properties of his Majesty's subjects, with intent to hinder the exportation of corn.

23. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex.

24. An Act to amend an act passed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for preventing any inconveniencies that may happen by privilege of parliament.

25. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

26. An Act for enforcing the Execution of an Act made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof.

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two millions for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England one million, for redeeming an Annuity of forty thousand Pounds payable to them; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

28. An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Narrow Woollen Clothes in the West Riding of the County of York.

29. An Act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End in the County of Middlesex.

30. An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe.

31. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to read the Prayers and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

32. An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Basin at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpool; and for enlarging the same, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock.

33. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester to the Town of Derby in the County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Brassington in the said County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe House in the Parish of Hartington in the said County.

34. An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain Fens called Cawdle Fen, Waterden, and Redmoor and one Piece of Fen Ground called The Holts in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

35. An Act for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Parish of Christ Church in the County, of Middlesex.

36. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one of the fourth, and the other of the sixth Year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the repairing the roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George in Southwark in the County of Surrey (leading to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich) to the first Mill Pond at South End, in the Parish of Lewisham in the County of Kent; and for amending the Road from Westminster Ferry at Lambeth in the said County of Surrey to New Cross in Deptford in the said County of Kent, and for amending and making the said Acts more effectual; and for amending the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid to the Town of Dartford in the said County; and from a Place called Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George, to the Stones End in Bermondsey Street in the said County of Surrey.

37. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act made in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road between Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another Act made in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Highway from Northfleet aforesaid to Dartford in the said County.

38. An Act for vesting the Real and Personal Estate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the same, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

39. An Act to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors of the taxable Lands, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Free Lands in Deeping Fens, and other Fens in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned, to raise a competent Sum of Money for the effectual draining and future Preservation of all the said Fens, according to their Agreement in that Behalf, and to carry the said Agreement into Execution, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 11 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for naturalising Abraham Blydesteyn.

2. An Act for vesting the Manor of Goldborn, Part of the settled Estate of William Duke of Devonshire, in the County of Lancaster, in the said Duke and his Heirs, and for settling the Manor of Blackwall in the County of Derby in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

3. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Essex, Hereford, and Monmouth, and the City of London, entailed by the Will of Elizabeth late Duchess of Bedford, in John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the Counties of Bucks and Hertford of greater Value to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

4. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, Part of the settled estate of Richard Earl of Burlington and Cork, in Trustees to be sold for Payment of Debts, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the same Uses.

5. An Act for explaining and amending a certain Trust and Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Lord Viscount Molineux of the Kingdom of Ireland, with Mary Lady Molineux his now Wife, for raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Marriage, and for the better ascertaining and more effectually securing the said Portions.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir William Morice Baronet, with Lady Lucy Wharton, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act to enable Sir Bryan Broughton Baronet, an Infant, to enter into Marriage Articles, notwithstanding his Infancy.

8. An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Rector of Stratford Toney in the County of Wilts, for other Lands belonging to the Lord of the Manor.

9. An Act to enable Trustees to grant building Leases of certain Messuages in the Parishes of Saint Martins in the Fields, and Saint Clement Danes in the county of Middlesex, late the Estate of Henry May Esquire, deceased.

10. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Leasehold estate late of Barnaby Coles Gentleman, deceased, and for vesting his Freehold Estates in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

11. An Act to enable the Guardian of Amy Symes and Catherine Symes, Infants, to join in making Leases of Lands in the Counties of Somerset and Devon with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infants.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between William Studholm Gentleman, and Cuthbert Hodgson Gentleman, in relation to the Will and Estate of Michael Studholm Esquire, deceased.

13. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Robert Packer Esquire, deceased, in the County of Berks, for discharging Encumbrances thereupon.

14. An Act for vesting certain Mills, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Ware and Great Amwell in the County of Hertford (being Part of the Estate of Thomas Plummer Byde Esquire, an Infant, and comprised in his grandfather's Marriage Settlement) in the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, and their Successors, and for securing a perpetual Rene Charge in lieu thereof, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the said Settlement.

15. An Act for enabling John Sowton to make a Lease or Leases of certain Messuages and Tenements, and a Wharf therein mentioned, situate in the Parish of St. Andrew Wardrobe in the City of London.

16. An Act to enable Dorothea Clerk to sell Lands in the County of Dumfries, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to, the same Uses, as the Estate to be sold is settled.

17. An Act to enable John Nairn to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by Reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any Real or Personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

18. An Act to enable William Douglas, eldest lawful Son to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by Reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any Real or Personal Estate that may have descended or come to him since his late majesty's most gracious Pardon, dated the sixth Day of February in the sixth Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him.

19. An Act for reducing the Stint of the Horse and Beast Pastures and Sheep Commons within the Manor, Town and Parish of Castle Domington in the County of Leicester.

20. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Wastes and uninclosed Grounds within the Manor, Township or Hamlet of Ashenden in the County of Bucks, and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned.

21. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Mead or Moor, called Speen Mead or Speen Moor in the County of Berks.

22. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Binbroke in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act to enable William Massingherd Esquire, heretofore called William Meux, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Massingherd, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir William Massingherd Baronet, deceased.

24. An Act to enable Thomas May Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Knight, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Knight deceased,

25. An Act for naturalising John Justin Bruningk, Peter Untzellman, Henry Klencke, and others.

26. An Act for naturalising Philip Rigail.

27. An Act to naturalise Herman Bernard and John Bosquain.

28. An Act to naturalise Frederick Vander Meulen.

PUBLICK ACTS,

Anno 12 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

2. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

4. An Act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Nicholas in the city of Worcester, to raise money for discharging the debts they have contracted in rebuilding their parish church.

5. An Act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

6. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing farther time for that purpose.

7. An Act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Ealing in the county of Middlesex, to raise money by rates upon themselves, for finishing the church of the said parish.

8. An Act for repairing the road between Stamford and Grantham in the county of Lincoln.

9. An Act for applying a sum of money, given by the will of Daniel Wiseman esquire, deceased, for finishing the new church at Woolwich in the county of Kent; and for raising an annuity by an assessment on the parish of Woolwich, during the lives of Mary Wiseman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the life of the survivor of them, pursuant to the said will.

10. An Act for repairing the roads from the north-west parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam-fields, Wragby-lane, and Baumber-fields, to the Wolds or north-east part of the said county.

11. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the county of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester; and for repairing the roads from an inn called The Hinds Head in the parish of Kingston Bagpuze in the said county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which stands in the said county of Berks.

12. An Act for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the county of Derby, and from Chesterfield to Worksopp in the county of Nottingham, and from Chesterfield to the place where the northern road meets the Chesterfield road, which leads to Mansfield in the said county of Nottingham.

13. An Act for continuing the act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the price and assize of bread; and for continuing, explaining, and amending the act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

14. An Act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

15. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle an annuity of fifteen thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Cumberland, and the heirs of his body, and also one other annuity of twenty four thousand pounds on their royal highnesses the princess Amalie, the princess Caroline, the princess Mary, and the princess Lovisa.

16. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, Intituled, An act for repairing the road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath in the county of Middlesex, to a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot in the parish of Windlesham in the county of Surrey.

17. An Act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Catharine Coleman in Fenchurch Street, in the city of London, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

18. An Act for repairing the road or highway from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchurch, through the parish of Bilton over Dunsmore Heath, to the town of Hill Morton in the county of Warwick; and from thence through the several parishes of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the county of Northampton, to Saint James's End in the parish of Duston in the said county of Northampton.

19. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the said fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

20. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one made in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown Hill and the city of Bath; and for amending several other highways leading to the said city; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the streets, and regulating the chairmen there; and for keeping a regular nightly watch within the said city and liberties thereof.

21. An Act for taking off the duties upon woollen and bay yarn, imported from Ireland to England, and for the more effectual preventing the exportation of wooll from Great Britain, and of wooll, and wooll manufactured, from Ireland to foreign parts.

22. An Act to rectify a mistake in an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp duties, post office, and house-money, relating to the condition of bonds taken from masters of ships; and to indemnify persons who have acted under the said mistake; and also to obviate a doubt which has arisen upon an act made in the seventh year of his said late Majesty's reign, for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto, with regard to prosecutions in Ireland in a summary way, for the fraudulent importation of East India goods into that kingdom.

23. An Act for providing a reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper discovery to be made by her, for the use of the publick, of the medicines prepared by her for the cure of the stone.

24. to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper securities, any monies, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

25. An Act to obviate some doubts which have arisen upon the construction of an act made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for explaining part of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, concerning tanned leather; and for rendering more effectual a clause in the said last mentioned act, which obliges curriers to curry leather; and for repealing two clauses in the said last mentioned act.

26. An Act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver wares.

27. An Act for explaining and amending an act made in the eighth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, No man of law shall be justice of assize or gaol delivery in his own country; and another act made in the thirty third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth intituled An act that none shall be justice of assize in his own country, &c.

28. An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful gaming.

29. An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying of county rates.

30. for granting a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

31. An Act for establishing and well-governing an hospital or infirmary in the city of Bath.

32. An Act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the town of Ware in the county of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said river, from the said town of Ware to the new cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London; and for enabling the governor and company of the New River the better to supply the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome water.

33. An Act to enlarge the powers of the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the parish of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and to enable them by a lottery to raise money for the several purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the time for exchanging tickets unclaimed in the last lottery for the said bridge; and to make provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

34. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Spittle-gate Hill near Grantham in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

35. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Walford Bridge in the county of Northampton; and also the great post road, from Morter-pit Hill, in the said county, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden-magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicester.

36. An Act for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the prices of books.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for naturalising Jacob Hoffham Murison, Nathaniel Voogd, Samuel Cley and others.

2. An Act for naturalising James Nadal William Rene Morin, and Charles Delon.

3. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Richard Berney Esquire deceased, for discharging Encumbrances thereupon.

4. An Act for vesting a Message and Lands in Twickenham, late the Estate of the Honourable William Townshend Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, pursuant to an Article entered into by the said William Townshend in his lifetime, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of Charles Townshend, his only Son and Heir, an Infant.

5. An Act for vesting in Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and hrs Heirs, the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, therein mentioned, in Trust, to convey the same to Sir William Irby Baronet, and his Heirs, and for laying out the purchase money in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

6. An Act for discharging the Estate of John Sherwin Esquire, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses, Trusts and Covenants in his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in the County of Nottingham, and Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

7. An Act to enable Sir James Mackenzie of Royston, to sell Lands and Hereditaments in the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, for Payment of Debts and Encumbrances charged upon and affecting the same.

8. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stamp Brooksbank Esquire, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Helaugh, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in Helaugh, in the County of the City of York, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

9. An Act for selling and disposing of Part of the Estate of John Worth Esquire, a Lunatic, for discharging the Debts, Portions and Encumbrances, charged upon, and affecting the same.

10. An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Lord of the Manor of Hunmanby, and the Vicar and Freeholders oi Hunmanby in the County of York, for inclosing Part of the Moor of Hunmanby aforesaid.

11. An Act to.enable John Mould Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Moore, pursuant to the Will of John Moore Esquire, deceased.

12. An Act to enable John Crouch Esquire, eldest Son of Pyke Crouch Esquire, deceased, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pyke, pursuant to the Will of John Pyke Esquire, deceased.

13. An Act to enable Charles Gregory Esquire, now called Charles Gregory Wade, and his Issue Male, to use the Surname of Wade.

14. An Act to enable Risley Brewer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Risley, pursuant to the Will of Paul Risley Esquire, deceased.

15. An Act for naturalising James Tracy, Christian Burckhard Reyhlen, Zacharies Nieman, and Susannah Hubert.

16. An Act to enable Edward Duke of Norfolk to grant building Leases for ninety-nine Years, of all or any Part of his Lands in or near the Township of Sheffield in the County of York.

17. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed to be made between Thomas Holles Duke of Newcastle, and Sir Miles Stapleton Baronet, of their settled Estates in the County of York; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses as the Lands, for which the same are exchanged, stood settled.

18. An Act to enable the most Noble William Duke of Portland to grant building Leases of certain Messuages and Parcels of Ground in Soho Fields in the County of Middlesex, for a further Term than he is impowered to grant by his Marriage Settlement.

19. An Act for discharging several Lands in Noseley in the County of Leicester, purchased by the Executors of Philip Earl of Chesterfield, deceased, from the Uses and Limitations contained in the Will of the said Earl; and for vesting the same Lands in Trustees to be sold; and with the Money arising thereby to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

20. An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of william Earl Cowper, in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same, to the like Uses.

21. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Earl of Inchiquin in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of the Debts and Encumbrances charged thereupon; and for settling such Part thereof as shall remain unsold, according to his Marriage Agreement.

22. An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement made between Sir William Courtenay Baronet, and his Brother Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire, and to render the same effectual for the several Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act to establish a Jointure on Dame Elizabeth Dashwood, Wife of Sir James Dashwood Baronet; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for the Exchange of certain Lands in the several Parishes of Wroughton and Liddyard Treagooze in the County of Wilts, between the Governors of the Hospitals commonly called the Charterhouse, and Thomas Benet of Salthrop in the said County of Wilts, Esquire.

25. An Act to enable the acting Executors and Testamentary Guardians named in the Will of Edward Warren, late of Pointon in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, by selling Part, and leasing other Parts of his settled Estate, to raise Money for discharging the Encumbrances thereon, and to provide a sufficient Maintenance for his Son during his Minority, in ease of an Estate directed to be sold by the Will of John Warren Esquire, deceased.

26. An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement made between Edward Westall and his Wife, and Robert Corr an Infant, and others; and to enable the said Robert Corr to perform a Contract for Sale of certain Lands therein mentioned.

27. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jordan Langdale Esquire, in the County of York, for Payment of Debts and Encumbrances affecting the same.

28. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir John Lear Baronet, deceased, in the County of Devon, Tor Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Somerset, being Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trust to be sold; and for settling other Lands in the County of Devon, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

30. An Act for enclosing Parts certain Common Fields in the Township of Pailton in the County of Warwick.

31. An Act for enclosing Part of a Common, or Waste Grounds, called Hill side, otherwise Lambden Common, in the Manor and Parish of Odiham and County of Southampton.

32. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields lying in the Manor of Shipton Moyne, within the Parish of Shipton Moyne and Dovel in the County of Gloucester, commonly called the North and South Common Fields.

33. An Act to enable John Bell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Lane, and the Arms of James Lord Viscount Lanesborough, deceased, pursuant to his Will.

34. An Act for naturalising Adrian Coltee Ducarel.

35. An Act for naturalising John Deshons.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty.

3. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Privateers.

4. An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service.

5. An Act for making more effectual three several Acts of Parliament, one of the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, For repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick; and the Third made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual the said two former Acts.

6. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

7. An Act for naturalising such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America.

8. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather.

9. An Act for repairing the Road between Hockcliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Wilsick house, in the Parish of Bramby-dun in the County of York, to Fishlock ferry in the same County.

12. An Act for making a Chapel lately built by Robert Downs Goldsmith, and others, in the Town of Sheffield in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose.

13. An Act for providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary.

14. An Act for making more effectual two Acts of Parliament passed in the seventh and tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven.

15. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the roads from the top of Stoken Church Hill to Enslow-bridge, and the read from Wheatley-bridge through the city of Oxon, by Begbrook, to New Woodstock in the county of Oxon (except the mileway on each side of the said city) and for repairing the road from the Crown alehouse to the turnpike on Stoken-church Hill aforesaid.

16. An Act to give further powers to the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and to enable them to raise a further sum of money towards finishing the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them.

17. An Act for the increase of mariners and seamen to navigate merchant ships, and other trading ships or vessels.

18. An Act to continue several laws therein mentioned; for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests; and for better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's subjects trading thither under foreign commissions; and for limiting the time for suing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before justices of the peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy execution of process within particular franchises or liberties; and for extending the powers and authorities of justices of the peace of counties, touching county rates, to the justices of the peace of such liberties and franchises as have commissions of the peace within themselves.

19. An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive increase of horse races; and for amending an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful gaming.

20. An Act for more effectually preventing fraudulent qualifications of persons to vote as freeholders in the election of members to serve in parliament, for such cities and towns as are counties of themselves, in that part of Great Britain called England.

21. An Act for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious destruction of collieries and coal works.

22. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the road leading from Dunchurch in the county of Warwick, to the bottom of Meriden Hill in the same county; and for making the said act more effectual.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the farther sum of two hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the said fund; and for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty one thousand poupds, one shilling, and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, arisen by sale of lands in the island of Saint Christopher's; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

24. An Act for amending and enforcing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and for reducing the same into one act of parliament and also for amending the laws for erecting, providing, and regulating houses of correction.

25. An Act for the more effectual maintenance and well-keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham causeway, being the highway from London to the west parts of England.

26. An Act to revive, explain, and amend an act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for making the river of Medway navigable, in the counties of Kent and Sussex.

27. An Act for prohibiting commerce with Spain.

28. An Act for continuing the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of masts, yards, and bow-sprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to British-made sail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the Greenland and to the whale fishery; for granting a farther bounty for all ships employed in the whale fishery during the present war; for exempting harponeers and others employed in the Greenland fishery trade, from being impressed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

29. An Act for confirming and enlarging the powers granted by his Majesty to the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, by his most gracious charter, bearing date the seventeenth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and to enable them to execute the good purposes of the said charter.

30. An Act for further enlarging the term granted by an act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the third, For cleansing and making navigable the chanel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for making the said act, and another act of the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the term granted by the said act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, more effectual.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 13 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for naturalising John- Georg Liebenrood, Bartholomew-Christopher Lutyens, and others.

2. An Act for explaining several Powers contained in the Will of William late Lord Craven, for making Jointures and Leases, and for rendering the same Powers more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

3. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord of the Manor, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Great Bircham in the County of Norfolk; and for promoting and facilitating an Enclosure, intended to be made of diverse Commons, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, lying in the said Parish of Great Bircham.

4. An Act to enable William Grierson, the eldest Son of Sir Robert Grierson of Lag, Baronet, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any Real or Personal Estate, that may have descended or otherwise come to him, since his late majesty's most Gracious Pardon, dated the twenty-ninth Day of June in the eleventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or otherwise come to him.

5. An Act to enable Thomas Bettesworth Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Bilson, pursuant to the Will of Leonard Bilson Esquire, deceased.

6. An Act for naturalising Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden.

7. An Act for naturalising Anthony Vazeille, Stephen Saint Andre, and others.

8. An Act for naturalising Isaac Olier, Christlan Sehutte, John-Daniel Cotton, and Henry Lyell.

9. An Act to explain and enlarge the several Powers for appointing Portions and settling Jointures, which are contained in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the twenty second Day of October in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly Pensions, issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, do now stand limited to William Duke of Cleveland, and Charles Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of their bodies respectively.

10. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of Part of the Estate of George late Earl of Halifax, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, Daughters Portions, and Legacies.

11. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement made between Maurice Conyers Esquire, Lord of the manor of Rusthall in the County of Kent, and the Right Honourable William Lord Abergavenny. and other Freehold Tenants of the said Manor, relating to certain Buildings and Enclosures made and erected in and upon Part of the Wastes of the said Manor, and for making the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended.

12. An Act to enable Sir William Morice Baronet, to grant to the Incumbent of the Parish Church of Werington in the County of Devon, and his Successors, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, a Piece of Ground belonging to the Capital Messuage of Werington in the said County.

13. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between William Gore Esquire, Executor of Edward Gore Esquire, deceased, and Mary Gore, Widow of Thomas Gore Esquire, deceased, for herself, and on the Behalf of Charles Gore an Infant, relating to the Sum of three thousand Pounds, paid by Francis Freeman Gentleman, to the said Edward Gore.

14. An Act for exchanging several Lands and Grounds belonging to Thomas Inwen Esquire, in the Parish of Wootton in the County of Bedford, for other Lands of equal Value in the same Parish, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Sidney-Sussex College in Cambridge.

15. An Act for selling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Derby; and for settling another Estate in the County, of Rutland, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

16. An Act for making Divisions, Enclosures, and Allotments of the open Corn Fields, and Common Pasture, in the Lordship of Bewholm otherwise Bewham, in the Parish of Nunkeeling in the County of York; and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Impropriators of the Rectory of Nunkeeling aforesaid, and their Heirs, in lieu of Tithes arising within the said Lordship, pursuant to an Agreement between the said Impropriators, and the Propriators of the said Lands.

17. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and enclosing of a Common Down, and for dividing, enclosing, and exchanging of Lands lying in the Tithing of Charlton in the Parish of Andover in the County of Southampton.

18. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields in the Parish of Stivichall, alias Stichall, in the County of the City of Coventry.

19. An Act for enclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor and Township of Gunnerton, in the County of Northumberland.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 14 Georgii II.

1. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one.

2. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one.

3. An Act to prohibit, for a time therein limited, the exportation of corn, grain (rice excepted) meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, starch, beef, pork, and bacon.

4. An Act to impower Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Desmarette, to import a certain quantity of raw silk of the growth of Spain from Leghorn.

5. An Act for making the chapelry of Nether Knutsford in the parish of Rosthern and county of Chester, a separate and distinct parish; and for erecting a parish church therein, endowing the same, settling the right of presentation thereto, and other purposes.

6. An Act to render the laws more effectual for preventing the stealing and destroying of sheep, and other cattle.

7. An Act for licensing the importation of victual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the seas, into Scotland, in time of dearth and scarcity.

8. An Act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee.

9. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

10. An Act to explain and amend an act made in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act for the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors, in London.

11. An Act for supplying the city of Gloucester with fresh water.

12. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, For repairing the roads leading from Seven-oaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge-wells, and from Woodsgate to Kipping's-cross in the county of Kent; and also for repairing the roads from Kipping's-cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill in the said county, and to Flimwell Vent in the county of Sussex.

13. An Act to enlarge the terms and powers granted by three several acts made in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Third, For amending the highways leading from Roydon in the county of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon, so far as the same relate to the roads lying in thq middle and south divisions of the said highways.

14. An Act to enlarge the terms and powers granted by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry (which divides the isle of Ely from the county of Huntingdon) to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge at Somersham town's end in the said county.

15. An Act for finishing and compleating the parish church of Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln.

16. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the roads in the parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other parishes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlesex; and for repairing some other roads in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and the said parishes of Kensington and Chelsea.

17. An Act to prevent inconveniencies arising from delays of causes after issue joined.

18. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

19. An Act for repairing the roads from a place called Redhouse, near Doncaster, to Wakefield; and through the said town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliff, to the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

20. An Act to amend the law concerning common recoveries, and to explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for prevention of frauds and perjuries, so far as the same relates to estates pur auter Vie.

21. An Act to indemnify protestant purchasers of estates of papists, against the penalties or forfeitures papists are liable to, for not having inrolled their estates, in pursuance of an act of the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that purpose.

22. An Act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of seven years; and for allowing rock salt to be used in making of salt from sea water at the salt works at Neath in the county of Glamorgan.

23. An Act for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a place called Weeland in the township of Henfall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge in the township of Darrington, in the west riding of the county of York.

24. An Act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level in the county of Cambridge, and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the said manor.

25. An Act for repairing the road leading from Eland to the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of York.

26. An Act for making a chapel lately built by John Coppin esquire, at Market Street in the parish of Cadington in the county of Hertford, a perpetual cure and benefice; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, and county of Middlesex, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

28. An Act for repairing the roads from Doncaster through Ferry-bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry-bridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Borough-bridge in the county of York.

29. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingsdown Hill in the parish of Box in the said county.

30. An Act for appointing new commissioners and trustees for putting in execution an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for vesting the estate and effects of John Coggs, and John Dann, goldsmiths and copartners, in trustees, for the speedier payment of their creditors, and for determining differences thereupon.

31. An Act for repairing the road from Doncaster (through the parish of Peniston) in the county of York, to Salter's Brook in the county of Chester; and also the road from Rotherham in the said county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill in the said parish of Peniston.

32. An Act for repairing and enlarging the roads from the town of Selby in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Leeds; and from thence (in two several branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibsey) to the town of Halifax in the same riding.

33. An Act to supply some defects in the laws for repairing and rebuilding county bridges, for repairing, enlarging, erecting, and providing houses of correction, and for passing rogues and vagabonds.

34. An Act to continue an act for relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons, and two subsequent acts for explaining and amending the same; and also to continue an act for the free importation of cochineal and indico.

35. An Act for continuing an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, To explain and amend a former act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the west riding of the county of York, and for making the said acts more effectual.

36. An Act for opening a trade to and from Persia through Russia.

37. An Act for restraining and preventing several unwarrantable schemes and undertakings in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America.

38. An Act for the encouragement and increase of seamen, and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty's fleet.

39. An Act for surveying the chief ports and head lands on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging in order to the more exact determination of the longitude and latitude thereof.

40. An Act to enable the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey, to raise a further sum of money towards finishing the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them, and for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the Westminster bridge lottery of the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, and for making provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million of the sinking fund, and for applying other sums therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in fire engines for draining tin and copper mines in the county of Cornwall, and for appropriating the supplies granted in this section of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

42. An Act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

43. An Act to enable Thomas Smith esquire, lord of the manor of Farlington, in the county of Southampton, to supply the town of Portsmouth, and parts adjacent, with good and wholsome water, at his own proper costs and charges.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 14 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for naturalising John De Pesters, Esq;

2. An Act for enabling Robert Duke of Manchester to make a Jointure on his present Dutchess, and to make Leases of certain Parts of his Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act for vesting the Seat and Estates of Nicholas late earl of Scarsdale, deceased, in the several Counties of Derby and Nottingham, comprised in his Settlement and Will, and the Furniture there at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold for speedier Payment of his Debts, and preserving the Surplus, to go according to his said Settlement and Will.

4. An Act for vesting in William Wildman, Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Life, certain Messuages and Tenements in the City of London, late the Estate of Mary Lady Viscountess Barrington, his Wife, upon the Terms mentioned in their Marriage Settlement.

5. An Act for enabling Sir John Jennings, and George Jennings Esq; his Son (a Minor) to convey certain Estates in Surrey and Hertfordshire, for the Benefit of the said George Jennings, and such Wife as he shall marry, and the Issue of such Marriage.

6. An Act for vesting Part of the Tithes of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, in Robert Scawen, Esq; and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate to the Uses limited of the said Tithes by the Will of Sir William Scawen Knt. deceased.

7. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates late of Thomas Lewis of Soberton Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge his Debts and legacies.

8. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements of William Hudleston Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

9. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Neale Esq; in the County of Bucks, and for settling another Estate in the County of Warwick in lieu thereof.

10. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Western Esq; in the County of Buckingham, in him and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate in the County of Cambridge, of greater Value, to the Uses of his marriage Settlement, and also for rendering a Power of Revocation contained in that Settlement, more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing several open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the Townships of Great Driffield and Little Driffield in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Prebendary of Driffield for the Time being, in lieu of his Tithes, pursuant to an Agreement and an Award made for those Purposes.

12. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and enclosing certain Common Fields, and a Common called Chawton Common, in the Parish of Chawton in the County of Southampton.

13. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, lying in the Manor and Parish of Sherston Magna in the County of Wilts.

14. An Act for enclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Brincklow in the County of Warwick.

15. An Act to enable John Rice, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Tutt, pursuant to the Will of John Tutt Gentleman, deceased.

16. An Act for enabling Edward Burnaby, an Infant, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Greene, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Greene Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act to enable Francis Thistlethwaite Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Whithed, pursuant to the Will and Codicil of Richard Whithed Esquire, deceased.

18. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Edmunds Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge the Debts of himself and his late Father deceased, and for settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

19. An Act for naturalising John Richard Brinckman Esquire.

20. An Act for naturalising Martin Kuyck Van Mierop.

21. An Act for naturalising Gedeon Bourdillon, John David Billon, and Matthew Housman.

22. An Act for naturalising Eve Superiori, alias Smith.

23. An Act for naturalising Ernest Barnerd.

24. An Act for naturalising Everard John Ludewig.

25. An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition agreed to be made, between Henry Duke of Beaufort, and William Duke of Portland, of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, whereof they are seized as Tenants in common; and for settling their specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their undivided Moieties thereof how stand limited; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to enable William Earl of Strafford, an Infant of about the Age of nineteen Years, to make a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage with the Lady Anne Campbell.

27. An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estate of William Earl Cowper in the County of Hertford, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement, and for settling and securing an Equivalent for the same, to the like Uses.

28. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Arran, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of Part of his Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to enable George Viscount of Garnock, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to sell Lands in the Counties of Dunbarton and Air, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled.

30. An Act for vacating a Term of one hundred Years, in a voluntary Settlement made by Sir Hugh Clapton, Knight, and for creating anew Term of one thousand Years, in lieu thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Francis Pemberton Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Encumbrances thereon; and for settling another Part of his Estate to the Uses and for the Purposes of his Marriage Settlement.

32. An Act for impowering Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, and his Wife, and their Sons, to make Leases of the Manor of Kingston Seymour in the County of Somerset, for Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Usage of the Country.

33. An act for naturalizing Francis D'Abbadie.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 15 Georgii II.

1. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

2. An Act to repeal so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as obliges persons not travelling for hire to make use of waggons with wheels bound with streaks or tyre of a certain breadth, or the said streaks to be fastened with nails of a certain size.

3. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum out of the sinking fund, towards the supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

4. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

5. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks; and for building a bridge at Padbury, and making it a county bridge.

6. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the highways between the house commonly called the Horshoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to the Horshoe House.

7. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley in the county of Worcester; and from the said town of Bromsgrove to the town of Birmingham in the county of Warwick; so far as the said act relates to repairing the roads leading from the town of Dudley to the town of Bromsgrove in the county of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

8. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

9. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the first, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middlesex; and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great western road in the said county.

10. An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual two acts of parliament; one passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, for erecting workhouses, and houses of correction, in the town of Kingston upon Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there; and the other passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual provision of the poor in the said town.

11. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

12. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Catharine Coleman, in Fenchurch Street, in the city of London, to rebuild the church of the said parish; and for making the said act more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

13. An Act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

14. An Act to explain and amend two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for repairing the highways from Sheet Bridge in the parish of Petersfield, to the town of Portsmouth in the county of Southampton; and another act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for enlarging the term in and by the said act granted, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for enlarging the term and powers by the said last mentioned act granted.

15. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the roads leading from Cirencester town's-end to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester.

16. An Act for continuing the powers granted by three several acts of parliament, one for repairing the road from Stump-cross to Newmarket-heath, and the town of Cambridge; another for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said two former acts; and for enlarging the terms granted by the said two former acts.

17. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Ledbury in the county of Hereford, to the several places therein mentioned; and for making the said act more effectual.

18. An Act to render more effectual an act made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third intituled An act for erecting hospitals and workhouses within the town of Colchester in the county of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

19. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities transferrable at the bank of England; and for ascertaining the customs and duties upon quicksilver taken as prize during the present war; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

20. An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and silver lace; and for settling and adjusting the proportions of fine silver and silk; and for the better making of gold and silver thread.

21. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices, employments, and promotions, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

22. An Act to exclude certain officers from being members of the house of commons.

23. An Act for securing to John Byrom, master of arts, the sole right of publishing, for a certain term of years, the art and method of Short-hand, invented by him.

24. An Act to impower the justices of the peace of a liberty or corporation, to commit offenders to the house of correction of the county, riding, or division, in which such liberty or corporation is situate.

25. An Act to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations to land the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the duty on some rock salt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane.

26. An Act for the better enabling the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey, to finish the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them, and for enlarging the time for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the last lottery for the said bridge, and to make provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

27. An Act for the more effectual preventing any cloth, or woollen goods remaining upon the rack, or tenters, or any woollen yarn, or wool left out to dry, from being stolen, or taken away in the night-time.

28. An Act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit coin.

29. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on foreign cambricks, imported into Great Britain; and for allowing the reout, a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported.

30. An Act to prevent the marriage of lunaticks.

31. An Act for further regulating the plantation trade; and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from America, and for preventing collusive captures there; and for obliging the claimers of vessels seized for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give security for costs; and for allowing East India goods to be taken out of warehouses, in order to be cleaned and refreshed.

32. An Act for preventing the mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Westminster.

33. An Act to revive several acts for the punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several acts relating to rice, to frauds in the customs, to the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore of the British plantations; and for extending the liberty given by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for carrying sugar of the growth of the British sugar colonies in America, to ships belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of star or bent.

34. An Act to explain an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to render the laws more effectual for preventing the stealing and destroying of sheep and other cattle.

35. An Act to continue several laws for the encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and of the silk manufactures of this kingdom; and for allowing a drawback on the exportation of copper bars; and to explain a clause of an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit the exportation of corn, and other things therein mentioned; and to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 15 Georgii II.

1. AN Act to enable Alexander Popbarn Esquire, and Jr. his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Luscombe, according to the Directions of the last Will and Testament of Richard Luscombe Esquire deceased.

2. an Act for naturalising John Christoph Gohl, Hans Bardewieck and others.

3. An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement and an Indenture between the Right Honourable Francis Earl Godolphin and the Dean and Chapter of Ely for making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath, or Heath-ground, in the County of Cambridge, and for rendering the same Agreement and Indenture more effectual, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for dissolving and disannexing from the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland; and for vesting the same irredeemably in James Earl of Morton, and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

5. An act for vesting the settled estate of Henry lord Montfort, in the county of Worcester, in trustees, in trust to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of lands and hereditaments in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or one of them.

6. An act for explaining a clause contained in an act made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by sale of the forfeited and other estates and interests in Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the several purposes therein mentioned, whereby several grants made by his Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergast baronet, deceased, of several lands, tenements, and hereditaments, part of the said forfeited estates and interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed.

7. An act to enable Sir Clement Cottrell knight, and other the devisees of the real estate of lieutenant general James Dormer deceased, to take and use the surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the tenor and purport of the will of the said James Dormer.

8. An act for making the exemplification of the last wills of John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley in the county of Somerset esquire, and of John Pigott esquire, his son, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigott esquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his progeny and descendants, to take and use the surname and arms of Pigott only, pursuant to the will of the said John Pigott the son.

9. An act to enable John Rolle esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the surname and arms of Walter, according to the direction of the last will and testament of Sir Robert Walter baronet, deceased.

10. An act to enable Buckland Bluett esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the name of Nutcombe, according to the settlement made by Richard Nutcombe esquire, deceased.

11. An act for naturalizing John Boucher.

12. An act for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duqueruy, and Michael Henry Duqueruy, and others.

13. An act for the more effectually carrying into execution certain articles of agreement made before and in consideration of the marriage of the honourable Philip Yorke esquire, with the most honourable Jemima marchioness Grey; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to enable George Warren esquire, his heirs and assigns, to make a sluice or tunnel through part of the glebe belonging to the rectory of Stockport, in the county of Chester, and to use and enjoy the same, for conveying water to Stockport mills.

15. An act for making articles of agreement entered into by Amos Meredith esquire, and Johanna his wife, as well in her own behalf as in behalf of their seven children, all infants, and by Thomas Asheton esquire, in behalf of his son an infant, touching the partition of the estate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Holford in the county of Chester, esquire, deceased, now remaining unsold, obligatory on the said infants, and rendering the said partition effectual and binding to all parties.

16. An act to establish and confirm articles of agreement relating to the tithes and certain glebe lands, within the parish of Leigh, in the county of Worcester.

17. An act to enable Percy Wyndham esquire, and other the devisees of Henry earl of Thomond and viscount Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the surname of Obrien, pursuant to the will of the said earl of Thomond and viscount Tadcaster.

18. An act for enabling William Morden esquire, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Harbord, pursuant to the desire of Harbord Harbord esquire, deceased.

19. An act for exemplifying the last will of Arthur, late earl of Anglesey, and for making the same evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

20. An act for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Girardot de Chancourt, and John Cahuac.

21. An act for the sale of certain pieces or parcels of ground, messuages, and buildings, at Park-place, in the parish of Saint James, in the county of Middlesex, part of the settled estate of Charles duke of Grafton; and for settling other lands to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

22. An act for repealing a power in the marriage settlement of Thomas duke of Leeds, with Mary his now wife, and for creating a new power instead thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act for the sale of two closes of meadow ground in West Harnam in the county of Wilts, being the settled estate of John Horne, unto the right honourable Henry earl of Pembroke, and his heirs; and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled in lieu thereof.

24. An act to impower Henry earl of Carlisle to make leases of coal mines and coal works, lying within his settled estates in the county of Northumberland, for any term not exceeding ninety nine years.

25. An act for vesting all the manors, towns, lands, chiefries, fee-farm rents, and other hereditaments whatsoever, in the several counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and elsewhere, in the kingdom of Ireland, late the estate of Francis earl of Carlingford, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of his debts, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

26. An act for vesting the several castles, manors, towns, lands, and hereditaments of Mountague, lord viscount Blundell, in the county of Downe in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, for raising (after the death of the said viscount) the sum of ten thousand pounds for the portion of Mary, lady Raymond, his daughter; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act to enable James Cavendish esquire, commonly called lord James Cavendish, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as auditor general of his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the enjoyment of the said office.

28. An act to prevent Sir Job Brooke baronet, a lunatick, from marrying during his lunacy.

29. An act for confirming certain estates in the county of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck, baronet, deceased, to the trustees of Fulke Greville esquire, during his minority, to him and his said trustees, discharged from the equity of redemption, which the infant son and heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full satisfaction for principal and interest due thereon; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act to impower the trustees named in the will of Sir William Pole baronet, deceased, to make leases of part of his estate, during the minority of his son Sir John Pole.

31. An act for vesting part of the marriage portion of Mary, late wife of John Walcot esquire, and also part of his settled estate in trustees for raising money to pay debts; and for securing an equivalent for the same, for the benefit of his heir male.

32. An act for sale of several settled estates of Walter Radcliffe esquire, lying in the county of Devon; and for laying out the monies arising from such sale, in the purchase of other lands in the said county of Devon, of equal value, to be settled to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

33. An act for sale of certain estates of Valentine Knightly esquire, in the county of Northampton; and for settling another estate in the same county, to the same uses, in lieu thereof.

34. An act for vesting the settled estate of Michael Harvey esquire, in the county of Leicester, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the money arising by such sale for discharging the incumbrances affecting his estate in the county of Surrey; and for settling that estate in lieu of the Leicestershire estate, and to the same uses.

35. An act for confirming a conveyance from the surviving trustees of the charity established by the will of John Bently esquire, deceased, of the undivided sixth part of Picket's Field, in the county of Middlesex, to the surviving assignees under the commission of bankruptcy awarded against William Hammond, late of Change Alley, London, goldsmith and banker, deceased.

36. An act for settling certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the county of York, part of the estate of James Manuel, late of New Malton in the same county, deceased, to the uses mentioned in certain articles of agreement made between the widow and the daughters and coheirs of the said John Manuel.

37. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Robert Lucas esquire, and Mary his wife, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying part of the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of an estate contracted for, in order to be settled together with other lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an equivalent for the said settled estate, and to the like uses.

38. An act to enable William Nor they, an infant, to settle the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the county of Wilts, for the benefit of himself, and any woman he shall marry, and their issue, notwithstanding his infancy; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, land, wactes, and uninclosed grounds within the manor and parish of Wotton Underwood, in the county of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain exchanges therein mentioned.

40. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed to be made of certain lands in the parish of Sutton in the county of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne, baronet, lord of the manor, and doctor Crane, rector of the church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the inclosure of the common fields and common grounds in the said parish; and for securing to the said rector an equivalent for his tithes arising in the said parish of Sutton.

41. An act to enable John Dashwood and William Payne esquires, and their respective issue male, and other the devisees of the estate of John King, doctor in divinity, deceased, to take and use the surname of King only, according to the direction of the codicil to the will of the said doctor King.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing, setting out and allotting, certain common fields and inclosures, within the manor and parish of Aston-Canilow in the county of Warwick,

43. An act for sale of the estates late of James Walsingham esquire, deceased, lying in the counties of Surrey, Essex, Norfolk, and Cambridge for raising money to discharge the incumbrances affecting the same, and other purposes therein mentioned.

44. An act for sale of part of the estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt esquire, to raise money for the payment of debts affecting the same, and of portions for his younger brothers and sister, charged thereon by the settlement of their uncle John Bayntun esquire, deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act to enable John Probyn esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his defendants, to take and use the surname of Probyn, pursuant to the will of Sir Edmund Probyn knight, deceased.

46. An act for naturalizing Peter Holsten.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 16 Georgii II.

1. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

2. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of this year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

3. An Act for repairing the road from Bows in the county of York to Brough under Slainmore in the county of Westmoreland.

4. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty for the more effectual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tixford Bridge in Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks.

5. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Warminster in the county of Wilts.

6. An Act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Charterhouse Square in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate for raising money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said square, and to continue the same in repair.

7. An Act for repairing the high road from Borough Bridge in the county of York, to Catherick in the same county, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the river Tees.

8. An Act for repealing certain duties on spirituous liquors, and on licences for retaling the same, and for laying other duties on spirituous liquors, and on licences to retale the said liquors.

9. An Act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, to raise a certain sum of money, for payment of debts already contracted for the relief and maintenance of the poor of the said parish.

10. An Act for repairing the roads leading from Marlborough through West Rennet to Shepperd's Shord; and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the top of Cherill-Hill; and from the town of Avebury to the cross-way at Beckhampton in the county of Wilts.

11. An Act to explain and amend the laws touching the elections of members to serve for the commons in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the partiality, and regulate the conduct of returning officers at such elections.

12. An Act for repealing the several rates and duties upon victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for transferring the exchequer bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the duties for licences to sell spirituous liquors and strong waters by retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the said duties for licences.

13. An Act for raising by annuities and a lottery in manner therein mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, at three pounds per centum per annum, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

14. An Act to punish mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

15. An Act for the more easy and effectual conviction of offenders found at large within the kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for transportation.

16. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wade's Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston in the said county.

17. An Act for the relief of insolvent debtors.

18. An Act to empower justices of the peace to act in certain cases, relating to parishes and places, to the rates and taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

19. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repairing and amending the highways from the north part of Harlow-bush common in the parish of Harlow to Woodford in the county of Essex.

20. An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to Hillmorton in the county of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the town of Northampton.

21. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucester to the top of Birdlip-Hill, being the road to London; and from the foot of the said hill to the top of Crickley-Hill, being the road to Oxford.

22. An Act for repairing the road leading from the town of Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to a place called the Monument upon Lansdown in the same county.

23. An Act for continuing an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for amending and repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Westwoodgate in the said county, and for repairing the roads from Luton to Saint Alban's in the county of Hertford.

24. An Act for rectifying mistakes in the names of the commissioners for the land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and for the appointing other persons, together with those named for the said year, to put in execution an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

25. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, and for applying a further sum therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this section of parliament.

26. An Act for continuing several laws relating to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs; and to the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs; for punishing the venders of unstamped news papers; for allowing the importation of hemp or flax manufactured in Ireland, though not sworn to be of the growth of Ireland; and for the relief of Bryan Blundell, in respect to the duty on some white salt lost in a storm at sea.

27. An Act to continue an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

28. An Act to make the hamlet of Bethnal Green in the parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, a separate and distinct parish, and for erecting a parish church therein.

29. An Act for allowing carts to be drawn with four horses.

30. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and also for amending so much of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing dangers which may happen from popish recusants, as relates to the time for receiving the sacrament of the Lord's supper now limited by the said act.

31. An Act for the further punishment of persons who shall aid or assiss prisoners to attempt to escape out of lawful custody.

32. An Act for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 16 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Daniel Vialars, Peter Thomegay, and others.

2. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in Sturton and Walkeringham, in the county of Nottingham, entailed by the will of Evelyn late duke of Kingston, deceased, in Evelyn now duke of Kingston, in fee simple, discharged of the uses, trusts, and limitations of the said will; and for settling in lieu thereof, other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, to the like uses.

3. An act for confirming and establishing a partition, made between the coheirs of the late marquiss of Halifax, of divers estates therein mentioned, and other purposes in this act expressed.

4. An act to empower two of the trustees named in the marriage of settlement of the late lord Petrey deceased, to grant leases, without the concurrence of the other trustee named in the said settlement.

5. An act for restoring Francis duke of Buccleugh, to the dignities and titles of earl of Doncaster and baron Scot of Tindal.

6. An act for exchanging part of the glebe lands and hereditaments belonging to the vicarage of Nuneaton in the county of Warwick, for the rectorial tythes, and certain lands in the parish of Nuneaton, belonging to the impropriator.

7. An act for sale of the manor of Bath-hampton, being the estate of Charles Holder esquire, for payment of incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

8. An act for making perpetual an agreement for the exchange of lands for tithes made between Evelyn Chadwicke esquire, lord of the manor of West Leak in the county of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler clerk, rector of the parish church there.

9. An act to enable trustees named in the settlement and will of Robert Trefusis esquire, deceased, during the minority of his son Robert Cotton Trefusis, to make leases of part of his estate in the county of Cornwall,

10. An act for impowering Thomas Fitzherbert the younger, esquire, to make jointures during the life-time of Thomas Fitzhertbert esquire, his father, and also to grant annuities to his younger sons, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

11. An act for sale of the settled estates of William Gore esquire, deceased, in the county of Middlesex and city of London, for payment of his debts and legacies; and for rendering a power, contained in his will, more effectual.

12. An act for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape esquires, to make jointures, and leases, of the estates devised to them respectively by the will of William Gape esquire, their late father, deceased.

13. An act to impower Anna Norris widow, mother and guardian to John Norris an infant, to grant one or more building lease or leases of certain messuages, and a piece or parcel of ground in Fenchurch-street, in the parish of Saint Benedict Gracechurch, London,

14. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields within the parish of Great Brington in the county of Northampton.

15. An act for confirming and rendering more effectual certain articles of agreement, and an award, for inclosing and dividing certain common fields and common downs, within the manor and parish of Aston Tirrold in the county of Berks.

16. An act for the inclosing and dividing the common fields and waste grounds, lying within the manor of Dummer, in the parish of Dummer, in the county of Southampton,

17. An act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual certain articles of agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing several common fields lying in Earley, in the parish of Soning in the county of Berks, and for exchanging several ancient inclosures in Earley aforesaid.

18. An act for inclosing and dividing the common or moor called Elvington Moor, within the manor and parish of Elvington in the county of York.

19. An act for making the exemplification of the settlement made by James earl of Anglesea, on his marriage with Katharine now duchess dowager of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

20. An act for making the exemplification of the last will of Henry late earl of Thomond and viscount Tadcaster, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

21. An act for vesting the remainder in fee of several lands in Ireland, the estate of Arthur Plunkett esquire, in trustees, in order to sell such lands to protestant purchasers.

22. An act to enable Henry Willis esquire, now called Henry Compton, and his issue male and defendants, to take and use the surname of Compton, pursuant to the will of Eleanor Bave widow, deceased.

23. An act to enable Edward Rookes esquire, to take and use the surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the last will and testament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth in the county of York, esquire, deceased.

24. An act to enable Crayle Bellamy esquire, to take and use the surname of Crayle.

25. An act for vesting in John Elwick esquire, the sole property of an engine for making stone pipes, and to enlarge the term granted by letters patent for that purpose.

26. An act for naturalizing John Bockholt, and Swain Rose.

27. An act for naturalizing Paul Torres, Godfrey Zurhorst, and others.

28. An act for naturalizing James Serces clerk.

29. An act for sale of a tenement, adjoining to Northumberland House in the Strand, part of the estate of Sir William Dodwell knight, deceased; and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of lands, to be settled to the same uses.

30. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in Ravensworth and Whashton, in the county of York, in Andrew Perrot gentleman, discharged of the uses and trusts of the marriage settlement of James Cooke the younger, and for settling in lieu thereof other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, to the same uses.

31. An act for establishing an agreement between Margaret Savage spinster, and Elizabeth Byrche widow, two of the daughters and coheirs of Thomas Savage esquire, deceased, relating to the settlement and disposition of the real and personal estate of the said Thomas Savage.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 17 Georgii II.

1. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

2. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the year one thousand sevven hundred and forty four.

3. An Act to oblige overseers of the poor to give publick notice of rates made for the relief of the poor, and to produce the same.

4. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury in the county of Kent.

5. An Act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

6. An Act to impower his Majesty to Secure and detain Such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

7. An Act for taking and Swearing affidavits to be made use of in any of the courts of the county palatine of Lancaster.

8. An Act to prevent the committing of abuses in the weighing and packing of butter, in the town and borough of New Malton, in the county of York.

9. An Act for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow in the county of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the parish of Great Chesterford in she said county.

10. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the Hill in the county of Gloucester.

11. An Act for raising and establishing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and matters, of the universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

12. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads leading from a gate called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridge-town, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county; and to make the same more effectual.

13. An Act for continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham in the county of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

14. An Act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the parish of South Mims in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

15. An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

16. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

17. An Act for granting to his Majesty the surplus or remainder of the monies arisen, or to arise by the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of the last session of parliament; and for explaining and amending the said act in relation to the retailers of such liquors; and for establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

18. An Act for raising by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds at three pounds per centum per annum, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

19. An Act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks.

20. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an act made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby in the county of Derby.

21. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the town of Burrowstounness and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, for repairing the harbour of the said town.

22. An Act for repairing the road leading from the end of Midleton Tyas Lane over Gatherly Moor to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bows in north riding of the county of York.

23. For more effectually repairing the road from Cherill (through Caine) to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough at the top of Cherill Hill in the county of Wilts.

24. For more effectually repairing the roads from Coleshill in the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chester, and for amending other roads therein mentioned.

25. An Act for repairing the road between the town of Kingston upon Hull, and the town of Beverley in the east riding of the county of York.

26. An Act to rectify a mistake in an act made this session of parliament, intituled An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

27. An Act for continuing an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham in the county of Wilts, and for amending the road from Chippenham to Pickwick in the said county.

28. An Act for explaining and amending an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to recover and preserve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chester; and another act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee; and for repealing the tonnage rates payable to the said undertakers; and for granting to them other tonnage or keelage rates in lieu thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for making more effectual provision for enlightening the streets of the city of London.

30. An Act for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit stamps to foreign or other linens.

31. An Act for repealing the duties payable upon glass beads, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same drawbacks on the exportation of refined borax and camphire, which are allowed on the exportation of unrefined borax and camphire; and for preventing the fraudulent exportation of British and Irish linens, for the sake of the bounty allowed by an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty's reign; and for explaining and amending the said act, as to the persons who are to receive the said bounty.

32. An Act to explain and make more effectual several acts of parliament passed in the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling the commissioners for building the said bridge, to finish the same, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them; as also for granting further time for exchanging the tickets unclaimed in the last lottery for the said bridge; and to make provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, and for applying a sum remaining in the exchequer, arisen by the Coinage duty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four; and for the further appropriating the the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures of clerks and apprentices; and to enable the reversioners of certain annuities, therein mentioned, to receive such annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain time by the annuitants for life, until proof be made, that such annuitants are living.

34. An Act for the better encouragement of seamen in his Majesty's service, and privateers, to annoy the enemy.

35. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge an act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for regulating the measures and prices of coals.

36. An Act for permitting certain goods therein enumerated, to be imported during the war in British built shipping, the property of foreigners; and for relief of William Ord, and others; and for obviating a doubt which hath arisen upon the act of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, as to the importation on the account of aliens, of goods of the growth or production of the plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English ships duly navigated.

37. An Act to prevent disputes touching the parishes or places where improved wastes, and drained and improved marsh lands, shall be charged to parochial rates.

38. An Act for remedying some defects in the act made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the relief of the poor.

39. An Act to make it high treason to hold correspondence with the sons of the pretender to his Majesty's crown; and for attainting them of high treason, in case they shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the operation and effect of a clause in the act of the seventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeitures for high treason, until after the decease of the sons of the said pretender.

40. An Act to continue the several laws therein mentioned for preventing the ft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; for continuing two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for the more effectual punishment of persons maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal; and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forests, chaces, or parks; and for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and to explain two acts relating to the prosecution of offenders for embeziling naval stores, or stores of war; and to prevent the retailing of wine within either of the universities in that part of Great Britain called England without licence.

41. An Act for making more effectual several acts passed for repairing the road leading from the stones end in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex, to the furthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Enfield in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from the watch-house in Edmonton, to the market place in Enfield.

42. An Act for amending and making more effectual an act made in the last session of parliament, for continuing an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Westwood Gate in the said county; and from Luton to Saint Albans in the county of Hertford.

43. An Act for repairing the road from the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks, to Warmington in the county of Warwick.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 17 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren and Abraham Spalding, of London, merchants.

2. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry duke of Beaufort, with Frances Scudamore his now wife, and to enble him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of part of the forest of Shotover and Slowood in the county of Oxford, to trustees, in trust for Augustus Schutz esquire, and his heirs, upon a full and valuable consideration to be paid for the same.

4. An act to enable Mr. John Carre, of Cavers, advocate, to sell lands in the county of Roxburgh, for payment of debts charged thereon, and with the surplus money (if any) to purchase other lands, to be settled to the same uses as the lands to be sold are settled.

5. An act for dividing, and inclosing the common fields, called the North Field and South Field, in the parish of Westonbirt, in the county of Gloucester.

6. An act to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the surname of Stewart, pursuant to the will of James Stewart, deceased.

7. An act to enable Randall Hopley of Overton in the county of Chester, gentleman, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Dod, pursuant to the will of William Dod esquire, deceased.

8. An act to enable John Caswell gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall to take and use the christian and surname of Giles Whitehall and also to enable his first and other sons, and their heirs male, to take and use the surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the will of Giles Whitehall deceased.

9. An act for naturalizing Mary countess of Holdernesse, wife of Robert earl of Holdernesse.

10. An act for naturalizing Andrew Templeman, John Darlon, Christian Moller, John Friderick Fries, and Peter de la Rive, of London, merchants.

11. An act to naturalize Lorentz Bastian Ritter.

12. An act for naturalizing John Rudolff Thunn, of London, merchant.

13. An act for settling a capital messuage, lands, and hereditaments in East Grinstead in the county of Sussex, to divers uses therein mentioned, for the benefit of William lord Abergavenny, and his family, as an equivalent for a sum of money appointed by a former act, to be laid out in the purchase of lands for that purpose.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields in the hamlet of Shipton, in the parish of Winslow in the county of Bucks.

15. An act for inclosing the common and waste ground called Bassledon Heath in the county of Berks.

16. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields, called Flecknoe, in the parish of Wolfhampcoat in the county of Warwick.

17. An act for confirming an agreement made to exchange certain rights of common, in the parish, townships, or hamlets of East Langton, West Langton, Church Langton, and Thorpe Langton, in the county of Leicester, and for settling an yearly sum to be paid to the rector of the said parish, and his successors, in lieu of tythes.

18. An act for inclosing and dividing the common called the Severals, and the Moor, lying in the manor and parish of Mareham le Fenn in the county of Lincoln.

19. An act for sale of the capital messuage at Roughampton, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Surrey, late the estate of Joseph Bagnall esquire, deceased, and for purchasing another estate to be settled to the uses of his will.

20. An act for the sale of certain houses and ground in Woolwich, part of the settled estate of Edward Bowater esquire, pursuant to an agreement with the commissioners of the navy, and for applying the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of his marriage settlement.

21. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Edward Powys esquire, and Katherine his wife, in trustees, for raising money to pay debts, and for securing an equivalent for the same, for the benefit of his said wife, and their issue, and of Thomas Powys esquire, and his heirs and assigns.

22. An act for confirming to the honourable Henry Flervey clerk, his wife, and their issue male, the surname and arms of Afon, pursuant to a settlement made by Sir Thomas Afon baronet, deceased.

23. An act for confirming the jointure made on the marriage of Francis Scot esquire, commonly called earl of Dalkeith, eldest son and heir apparent to Francis duke of Buccleugh, with lady Caroline Camp-^bell, and for impowering the heirs of entail succeeding to the estate of Francis late earl of Buccleugh, to make jointures, in such manner, as is therein mentioned.

24. An act to impower the guardians of Other Lewis, earl of Plimouth, an infant, to purchase the estate of his grandfather Thomas Lewis esquire, in the county of Glamorgan.

25. An act for sale of part of the estate of Thomas lord baron of Caber in the kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the debts aXd incumbrances affecting the same.

26. An act for vesting the settled estate of Sir Robert Sutton in the county of Nottingham, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging several mortgages and incumbrances, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be settled together with his estate in the county of Lincoln, to the uses therein mentioned.

27. An act to enlarge the time limited by the will of Sir Francis Leicester baronet, deceased, for sale of the real estate late of Sir John Byrne baronet, deceased, in the kingdom of Ireland, and also to enable Sir Peter Byrne baronet, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said will.

28. An act for impowering John Thornhagh esquire, to make a jointure and provision for his younger children out of an estate, comprised in a voluntary settlement made by Saint Andrew Thornhagh esquire, his late father, deceased.

29. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments, devised by the will of Richard Cliffe esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, for paying the debts and legacies charged thereupon by the said will, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by such sale (if any) in purchasing other lands, to be settled to the uses of the same will.

30. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of John Ayshcombe gentleman, lying in the county of Warwick, and for settling another estate in the same county, of greater value, to the same uses, in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned,

31. An act for vesting the estate late of George Downes esquire, deceased, in the county of Wilts, in Edward Gale gentleman, and his heirs, in trust, to convey the same to Robert Neale esquire, and his heirs (pursuant to articles of agreement made for sale thereof) towards payment of the incumbrances charged thereupon, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of John Cullum esquire, in trustees, to be sold, towards discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for securing and providing an equivalent for the same, out of other part of his estate, for the uses and purposes of his marriage settlement.

33. An act to enable William Moore esquire, to sell an estate purchased under the will of William Smythe esquire, and to lay out the money thereby arising, with other money therein mentioned, in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of the said will.

34. An act for vesting the settled estate of Thomas Fownes esquire, in trustees, to be sold, together with his fee simple estate, for the payment of the debts of his father and himself, and for laying out the surplus money in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses of his marriage settlement.

35. An act for vesting the settled estate of Peter Hawker esquire, in the county of Dorset, in trustees, to be sold, and for providing and securing an equivalent to be settled to the same uses.

36. An act for confirming agreements made for inclosing and dividing part of North Stoneharn Common, in the county of Southampton.

37. An act for extinguishing a right of common claimed by and belonging to the owners and proprietors of ancient burgages and tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the county of York, and for settling and providing an equivalent for the said common right.

38. An act for naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boeteseur.

39. An act for naturalizing Stephen Naville.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 18 Georgii II.

1. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five.

2. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five.

3. An Act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Margaret, within the borough of King's Lynn, in the county of Norfolk, to raise money, by rates upon themselves, for finishing the church of the said parish.

4. An Act for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk-Ella, in the county of the said town of Kingston upon Hull.

5. An Act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of six years; and for declaring that the duties on salt, which arise and are payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same charges thereon, as the same duties were liable to by the act of the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First.

6. An Act for repairing the road leading from a gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the south east side of the town of Hedon, in the east riding of the county of York, through the said town, to Hull North Bridge.

7. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

8. An Act for repairing the high road leading from Boroughbridge in the county of York, through North Allerton in the same county, to Croftbridge on the river Tees; and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

9. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon all wines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain sum of of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional duties.

10. An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's regiments of foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the plantations, and the regiments of marines.

11. An Act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

12. An Act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

13. An Act for more effectually cleansing, deepening, widening, and preserving a creek called Beverley beck, running into the river Hull; and for more effectually repairing the staiths near the said beck, and the roads leading from the said river to the town of Beverley; and for cleansing the streets of the said town; and for regulating the carriages to and from the said beck, and the river Hull.

14. An Act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and the top of Ashlington Hill and Rowd Ford, in the county of Wilts.

15. An Act for making the surgeons of London and the barbers of London two separate and distinct corporations.

16. An Act to repair the road leading from Tadcaster Bridge within the county of the city of York, to a place near the said city, called Hobmoor Lane End.

17. An Act for giving a publick reward to such person or persons, his Majesty's subject or subjects, as shall discover a north west passage through Hudson's Streights, to the western and southern ocean of America.

18. An Act to explain and amend the laws touching the elections of knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

19. An Act for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdon) to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the said county.

20. An Act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace.

21. An Act to continue an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund; and for granting a sum remaining in the exchequer, arisen by the surplus of the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for the further enforcing the payment of the said duties.

23. An Act to repair and widen the road leading from Godmanchester in the county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath in the county of Cambridge.

24. An Act for effectually preventing the exportation of foreign linens, under the denomination of British or Irish linens.

25. An Act for allowing certain additional bounties on the exportation of British and Irish linens.

26. An Act for repealing the present inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea sold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another.

27. An Act for the more effectually preventing the stealing of linen, fustian, and cotton goods and wares, in buildings, fields, grounds and other places used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying the same.

28. An Act to indemnify persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncustomed, or other goods or merchandize.

29. An Act for granting further powers to the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling them to finish the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them.

30. An Act to amend an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for the more effectual suppression of piracy.

31. An Act for the more effectual recovering and collecting of certain duties granted towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige agents for prizes, to register their letters of attorney.

32. An Act for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

33. An Act to repeal a clause in an act made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to carts used by persons inhabiting within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality; and to allow such carts to be drawn with three horses; and to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in streets, within the said limits.

34. An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual the laws in being, to prevent excessive and deceitful gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive increase of horse races.

35. An Act for the further regulating and better government of his Majesty's navies, ships of war, and forces by sea; and for regulating the proceedings upon courts martial in the sea service.

36. An Act for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns.

37. An Act for impowering the surviving of and trustees for forfeited estates to execute proper conveyances of the late lord Widdrington's estate, in the county of Northumberland (contracted for by the York Buildings company) to trustees for the creditors of the said company, upon payment of a sum of money therein mentioned into his Majesty's exchequer.

38. An Act for rendering more effectual the several acts passed for the erecting of hospitals and work-houses within the city of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 18 Georgii II.

1. An act for naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blon.

2. An act for naturalizing Christian Heineken, Dominick Joseph Leiutaud, Henry Geutjes, and others.

3. An act for confirming and establishing on John Pate esquire, and his issue male, the surname of Rose.

4. An act to enable George Vanden Bempde, marquis of Annandale, to use the surname and arms of Vanden Bempde, pursuant to the will of John Vanden Bempde esquire, deceased.

5. An Act to enable George Earl Cholmondeley, and Pattee Viscount Torrington, to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

6. An Act for exchanging diverse Lands and Hereditaments in Hantshire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in Sussex, belonging to Thomas Knight Esquire; and for settling the several Estates, so taken in Exchange, to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the same respectively.

7. An Act for naturalising Dorothy Penton, Wife of Henry Benton Esquire, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure.

8. An Act for confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, the Surname of Proctor, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of George Proctor Esquire, deceased.

9. An Act for uniting the Vicarage of Fineham Saint Martins to the Rectory of Fineham Saint Michaels, in the County of Norfolk, and for settling the Right of presentation to the same.

10. An Act for regulating and making more effectual a certain Charity, given by the Will of Richard Churchaer Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield in the County of Southampton.

11. An Act for naturalising Mark Cramer, Samuel Mestrezat, and others.

12. An Act for naturalising Anthony Benjamin Morin.

13. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Boteler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

14. An Act for appropriating the Sum of six thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith Baronet, with Dame Ursula his Wife, and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate, for discharging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male in respect thereof.

15. An Act for raising Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will of Sir William Myddleton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate, lying near Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of three thousand Pounds affecting the same.

17. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Encumbrances.

18. An Act for Sale of the Estates, late of William Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, Salop, and Anglesea, for Payment of their respective Debts and Encumbrances.

19. An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Worcester College in the University of Oxford; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee Simple Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for charging, selling and applying Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for raising Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck, his Grandfather, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for empowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain effects, mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Bassett Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed.

22. An Act for Sale of the settled and unsettled Estates of William Barry Esquire, and for purchasing another Estate of equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for impowering Edward Gould Esquire, and William Gould Clerk, to make Jointures upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased.

24. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain lands in the county of Wilts, comprized in the marriage settlement of Robert Wright clerk, in trustees, to sell the same, for raising money to purchase an entire farm in the county of Suffolk, to be settled to the uses of the same settlement.

25. An act for sale of the freehold and copyhold estates of Rodolph Hobbes gentleman, deceased, in the county of Bucks, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for making provision for his widow and infant children.

26. An act for vesting part of the estate late of Richard Luscombe esquire, deceased, in the county of Devon, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts and legacies.

27. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields in Faxton, within the parish of Lamport, in the county of Northampton; and for giving a recompence to the rector of the said parish, in lieu of his tythes of the said common fields.

28. An act to dissolve the marriage of Daniel Matthew esquire, with Penelope Smith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Julian, Peter Sapte, and Thomas Sapte.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 19 Georgii II.

1. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

2. An Act to raise the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, although the month's pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid; and to raise such part of the said militia, as shall be judged most proper, ready, and convenient.

3. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

4. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

5. An Act to enable his Majesty to make rules, orders and regulations, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom.

6. An Act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned; and for obliging them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

7. An Act for adjourning the court of session in Scotland; and for remedying the inconveniencies arising from the surcease of justice in that part of the kingdom.

8. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City; as relates to the making or passing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances in Common Council.

9. An Act for the more easy and speedy Trial of such persons as have levied, or shall levy War against his Majesty; for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors in Trials for High Treason, or misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

10. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Moneys advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

13. An Act to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace to take and subscribe the Oath directed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

14. An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

15. An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to complete their Church, and to pay Debts already contracted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

16. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant purchasers, Devisees and Lessees.

17. An Act for continuing an Act of this present session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual.

19. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for amending the Road leading from Prescot, to the Chapel of Saint Helen in the said County.

20. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have added in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion, and Sheriffs and others who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

21. An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing.

22. An Act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

23. An Act to continue two Acts of Parliament; one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

24. An Act to empower Lora Pitt, Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River Froome; and to make a Causeway to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over Forthington Moor, in the County of Dorset.

25. An Act for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

26. An Act to attaint Alexander Earl, of Kellie, William Viscount of Strathallan, Alexander Lord Pitsligo, David Wemyss Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of Wemyss; James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan, Simon Fraser Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Garden Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Style of Lord Nairn; David Ogilvie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth; Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie; Sir William Gordon of Park, John Murray of Broughton, Esquire; John Garden the elder, of Glenbucket, Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Doctor Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Ludovick Cameron of Tor Castle, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald of Clanronald, junior, Son to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald, Donald Mac Donald of Lochgarie, Alexander Mac Donald of Keppoch, Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald of Barisdale; Alexander Mac Donald of Glencoe, Evan Mac Pherson of Clunie, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan of Castle Lauchlan, John Mac Kinnon of Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardshiel, George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart of Carnwath; Lawrence Oliphant the elder, of Gask, Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gask; James Graham the younger, of Airth; John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquharson of Monasterye, Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglash; Lauchlan Mac Intosh, Merchant at Invernefss; Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Master John Mac Leod Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Restalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, otherwise Lumsdain, Son to William Lumsdale, otherwise Lumsdain, Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, if they shall not render themselves to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on or before the twelfth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and submit to Justice.

27. An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth.

28. An Act for the better regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves.

29. An Act for settling an additional Revenue of twenty-five thousand Pounds upon his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country.

30. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

31. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

32. An Act for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

33. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

34. An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

35. An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

36. An Act to allow the Purchase, for his Majesty's Use, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom on Board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships, and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them.

37. An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon.

38. An Act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pastors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any meeting houses where such unqualified Pastors or Ministers shall officiate.

39. An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland for not performing the Northern Circuit in May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the same.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 19 Georgii II.

1. AN Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Jointure, on any future Marriage, and Provision for his Daughters and younger Sons.

2. An Act to enable Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord Wyndham in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

3. An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalising Hermann Meyer, Herman Rudolph Klincke, and Peter Torras junior.

5. An Act for naturalising John Daniel Dreyer.

6. An Act for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount Grimston, to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Grimstone Esquire, deceased.

7. An Act to vest the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir Narbrough D'Aeth Baronet, and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value, being settled in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields, within the Parish of Inkpen, in the County of Berks.

9. An Act for giving further Time to execute an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right.

10. An Act for establishing Articles of Agreement for an Enclosure and Division of the common Fields, Waste, and common Grounds in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York; and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to complete the said Inclosure.

11. An Act for rectifying and amending the Defects in a former Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire; for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trusts of the said former Act.

12. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of Leeds; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the Residue in Discharge of Encumbrances affecting the rest of the said duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts.

13. An Act for vesting in Simon Lord Viscount Harcourt, certain Lands in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage Settlement of George Hart with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof.

14. An Act for vesting the Real and Leasehold Estates late of Edward Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes.

15. An Act to enable Henry Crahb, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos, in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge Encumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for raising at twenty-one, or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the mean Time.

17. An Act to empower the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of Plimouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority.

18. An act to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Willim Pitt Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath, of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

19. An act for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Fingall, in the County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Encumbrances charged thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Lechmere junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of Essex, pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for discharging Encumbrances affecting the said Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Tenements in the County of Northumberland, late the Estate of John Manners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in Wakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned.

23. An Act to enable Walter Hawksworth Esquire, formerly called Walter Ramsden, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Hawksworth, pursuant to the Will of Sir Walter Hawksworth, Baronet, deceased.

24. An Act for naturalising Michael Baur.

25. An Act for naturalising John Baptist Pellet.

26. An Act for naturalising Charles Labellye.

27. An Act to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Sir William Young Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

28. An Act to enable Sir william Duckinfield Daniel Baronet, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Daniel, pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased.

29. An Act for Sale of diverse Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money in Present for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their reversionary Interest in the said Estates expectant on the Death of their Father.

30. An act for the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Surrey, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerrard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford, and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses.

31. An Act to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldsley, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to sell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-third Day of January, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, being the third Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty.

EXP.

2s. in the Pound.

Surplus arising hereby, how to be applied, 3 Geo. 2. C. 16. sect. 11.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish Church of Saint Mary Stratford Bow in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

Appointment of 3,500l. to purchase Lands, &c. for the Minister of St. Mary Stratford Bow. A Sum not exceeding 46l. per Ann. to be raised on the Pews. Churchwardens may make Vaults, &c. Churchwardens to pay 40l. per Ann. to the Rector. Vestrymen to elect a Lecturer, and all Officers. The great Tithes continued to Brasen Nose College. The two Portionists to receive each 10l. per Ann. during their Incumbencies. The new Church not to be held in Commendam.

CAP. IV.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill near Buxton and Chapple in the Frith in the County of Derby, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

PR.

The Tolls are continued for 21 Years, from the first of May 1730. Continued by 22 Geo. 2. C. 12.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable his Majesty, to prohibit any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority.

EXP.

His Majesty may prohibit, by Proclamation, the advancing Money to foreign Princes without Licence. Not to restrain negotiating in foreign Funds, &c. Prosecution to commence in 12 Calendar Months. Continuation for two Years.

2 C. 6, 7. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

CAP. VI.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned between Crackley Bank in the Parish of Idsall alias Shifnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

PR.

The Act of 12 Geo. 1. C. 9. which was to be in Force for 21 Years, from the first of June 1726, is continued for the further Term of 14 Years.

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1730; for exempting from the said duties cyder and perry used for distilling; for ascertaining the bounty for malt exported; for better preventing frauds in the malting of corn for exportation; for making good the deficiency of a late malt act; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

---

Two Clauses in the Act 6 Geo. r. C zi. fest. 1, 2.

The two Clauses repealed,

Allowances for Exportation of Malt.

W. & M. fe(t. X C 12.

XIII. AND whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office and House Money, it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, no Maltster or Maker of Malt for Exportation, shall cause or permit any Barley or other Corn or Grain by him, her or them making

into Malt, to be steeped, wetted or watered upon the Couch or Floor, or in any other Place but in their respective Cisterns duly entered for that purpose; on Pam of forfeiting for every Bushel of Malt, which shall be found to have been steeped, wetted or watered contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence: And whereas in the before recited Act it is further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

twenty, no such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Exportation shall cause or permit any Corn or Grain by them making into Malt, to be worked or made in such Manner that the same shall accrefpire (that is to say) run out, grow or sprout at that End of the Corn or Grain from which the Blade proceeds 3

and in case it shall appear upon Examination that more than one Part in fifteen of such Corn or Grain

is accrefpired, the entire Wetting of Malt, whereof such Corn or Grain was Part, shall be deemed, taken and charged as accrefpired Malt, and the Maltster and Maker thereof shall be charged with the full Duty of sixpence a Bushel for every bushel of Malt of that Wetting, and shall also forfeit and lose every Bushel of the said Malt, the further Sum of five Shillings: And whereas at the Time of making the said Act all Malt was liable to and charged with the Duties imposed thereon, but such Malt, as should afterwards be exported to foreign Parts, was to have the Benefit of drawing back the Duties paid on the making thereof; but since that Time for some Years last part, and by this Act, all Malt made and entered for Exportation only, is not charged with any Duty on the making thereof, and on

that Account hath not any Drawback on the Exportation thereof: And whereas the before recited Clauses were chiefly intended to prevent any Frauds that might be committed in drawing back, on such more Money than was at first paid or charged for the Duties on the making such Malt 3 ' but as no such Drawbacks do now subsist, and as by frequent Experience it hath been found, the Method prescribed by the said Clauses for preventing accrefpiring, hath in many Cases been impracticable, and hath occasioned great Vexations and Disputes between the Makers of Malt and the Officers for in spefting and managing the said Duties, and is a great Obstruction to the free and extensive Exportation of malted Corn, whereby Foreigners are encouraged to malt Corn themselves, to the great Prejudice of

this Nation For the preventing these Mischiefs and Inconveniences, and for the better encouraging the Exportation of malted Com, and at the same Time preventing any Abuses in the Bounties or Allowances still allowed by Law on Malt exported; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the said two before recited Clauses in the said Act of the sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign shall be and are hereby repealed, made null and void, to all Intents and Purposes, and from thenceforth shall not be put in Execution; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, there shall be allowed to Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation, for every twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain that shall be entered and made into Malt for Exportation, an Allowance of thirty Quarters, after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting and watering the same, the said twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity, exceeding the said thirty Quarters, according to an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Corn, and in such Cases where by the aforesaid Act of Parliament they are entitled to the same, and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity.

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 7.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the salt) twenty-fourth °fn Certifies: Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and thirty, if any Person or Persons who shall export any malt i'^dbc'(', Ki into foreign Parts, shall produce si Certificate or Certificates from the Officer or Officers with whom the security, Aii" v entry of the Corn or Grain intended, to be made into Malt shall have been made, of the particular Sum' ance.io. be p*ij, or Sums of Money that such Person or Persons is entitled to receive, according to the aforesaid Allowance of thirty Quarters of Malt for every twenty Quarters of Corn or Grain, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity that shall have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation, which Certificates the said Officers are hereby lipon Demand required to give gratis; and upon such Person or Persons giving sufficient Security before the shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantity of Malt which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into any Part or Parts, of Great Britain, which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port, where tyre same is intended to be exported, is hereby directed and authorised to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use.; then the Collector or Chief Officer of the Port where fu: h Malt shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate or Debenture directed to the proper Person or Persons, by whom the said Allowance by the aforesaid Act. of Parliament is directed to be paid; which Certificate or Debenture being produced to such Person or Persons, he is hereby required to pay such Allowance to the Persons or their Agents so exporting the same. Provided always, That if after the shipping of any such Malt to be exported, and the giving such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the aforesaid Allowance, the Malt lo shipped to be exported or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any penaiq o

Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which relmding. shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the Malt which shall be relanded, and treble the Value thereof shall be forfeited; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to, the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons that shall seize, inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation, do frequently mix the Produce of

two or more Steepings of Corn or Grain that have been entered to be made into Mait for Exportation,

'*on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by Reason whereof the Officers for the Duties upon Malt

cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of for home Consumption, though the same

has not been charged with the Duty as all Malt made for home Consumption ought to be: 'Be it r.ialt rtespin? enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand for Exportation seven hundred and thirty, all and every Maltster of Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, ijratetm shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Ex measured.1 portation, of one Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be

taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been measured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Maltsters to gl ve Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt for exportation, " Notice to otti shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in cers>&c writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, Iheor they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if, Malt to be ex intended to be then exported, or else shall immediately be locked up and secured in some Storehouse, or ported, or other Place belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefende of the said Officer or Officers, 'ocked up on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds.' '

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Penalty on Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, if any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers opening the of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity or Directions, after anyteep .1, 00^5' C ing or making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or Places in Manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into such Storehouse, or other Place or Places, or shall remove any. Part whatever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place, or any other Place or Places whatever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place, any Quantity whatever of the said malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge or Content of, or without having first given notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she or they iltall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIX. And the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or Places, to be exported, has been really exported: ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Makers on all and every such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said twenty-fourth Day 24 June 1730. of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured L yjy^'j oi in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places, as is before directed, to be exported, shall within nine housesanmalt Months next after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty remove and within nine clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Months time after the said twenty-fourth Day of Jwte one thousand seven hundred and thirty shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or other Place, in order to be exported, and shall always from time.to Time, in every nine Months, remove and dear out of such Storehouse, or other Place or Places, in order to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of Malt, that at any Time, within every nine Months after

4 C 8 -- 10. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

the last clearing, shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds.

And so ail fu

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth ture Mainers. ])ay of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, that shall become Maltsters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or Storehouses, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall within nine Months after the beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt, that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place or Places, within nine Months after he, she or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from Time to Time remove and clear out of such Storehouse or other Place, to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatever, that within every nine Months after the last clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt made for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds.

penalties and

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and forfeitures ££es.h"r for any Offence against this Act, shall be sued for, levied and recovered or mitigated, by the same Ways, cue. Means anj Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin fier; and that one Moiety of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same,

"Clause of Loan at 31. percent. Money lent may be transferred. Exchequer may issue out new Exchequer Bills, to bear Interest at 2 d. percent, per Diem, and to be placed as Calli in the Exchequer. Mo "arising by this Act applied to pay off the Loans and Exchequer Bills, C Clause for Relief of "Clerks, is'e. whose Mailers have omitted to pay the Duties, and to have their Indentures stamped, EXP,

1 & 2 P. & M. C 14.

§ Geo. I. C. 9.

Concerning Parliament, see farther, 6 Geo. a. C 23.

8 Geo. 2. CV 30. 11 Geo. 2. c. 24, 13 Geo. 2. I C Geo. 2. c. 22. 18 Geo. a. r. 18,

CAP. VIII.

An act for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order and Government of the said City.

PR.

WHEREAS many unhappy Controversies and Diffenlions have of late Years arisen in the City of Norwich, at the Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament, and also of Mayors, Sheriffs, Aldermen and Common Councilmen of and for the said City, touching the Legality and Validity of the Votes of many Persons, who in such Elections have offered to vote: And whereas the Time appointed by the Charters of the said City is not sufficient to elect so great a Number of Common Councilmen for each great Ward, as are thereby yearly directed to be chosen, when such Elections happen to be controverted: And whereas great Differences and Diffenlions have arisen between the Mayor, Sheriffs and Aldermen, and the Commons of the Common Council of the said City, in or concerning the making or pairing of Acts, Orders or Ordinances in Common Council, or Assembly of the representative Body of the said City, which have often obstructed the Public Business and Concerns thereof Now to the Intent that a Stop may be put to all such Controversies and Diffenlions as aforesaid, touching the Legality of Voters, that the Number of Common Councilmen may be yearly elected, and that the public Business of the said City may not be obstructed: it enabled, £27,

"Oaths to be tendered at Elections in Norwich. Refilling to swear, the Vote or Poll disallowed. One of 'cthe Checks, C may go into the Prisons to take the Votes there. The Oaths 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. C 13. "to be taken by Electors, if required. Three Common Councilmen for each great Ward, to elect the re "Number of Common Councilmen. Vacancies to be filled up in 48 Hours after Notice. None "Inhabitants to be chosen Sheriffs. No Act valid without Assent of the major Part, £sy. Mayors to

Penalty on Absence from the quarterly Assemblies'

20.«nomjnate Officers as customary,

19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. t. 14. 33 Geo.

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge town in the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipfion upon Stoiver to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said County.

PR.

The Toils are to continue from the 24th Day of July 1730, for 21 Years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. X

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chase in the Panlh of South mime in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.

PR.

The Tolls commenced from the first of June 1730, and are to continue for 21 Years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 14.

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II.

C 11, 12

5

CAP. XI.

An act for reviving and amending an Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River.

EXP.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the sixth and seventh Years of the 84iW, j;

Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent ex.iftions ofc '6-

Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water 24 co ' carriage upon the said River, which said Act, whilst it continued in force, was found to be useful to the Trade and Navigation of the said River, and also beneficial to all Persons concerned therein, but the same hath been for many Years expired; and whereas since the Expiration of the said Act, the Occupiers of the Locks, Wears, Banks, Dams, Floodgates, Winches, and other Engines, upon or near adjoin ing to the River of Thames and Isis westward, to Cricklade in the County of Wilts, and from thence to the City of London, exact such exorbitant Sums of Money for the Passage of Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, to and from thence to london and other Places upon the said Rivers, as tend greatly to the Discouragement of the Navigation, and the enhancing the Prices of water carriage upon the said Rivers;

and whereas of late several Persons demand and take large Sums of Money for towing Paths, which Paths used to be free for Men to tow their Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, and towing the said Barges and Boats requires such Numbers of Men as renders it very chargeable, and it is found much more convenient to tow with Horses; by Reason of the Necessity of making use of Horses for such Purposes, the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands oblige the Barge masters to pay such Sums of Money for the Passage of the said Horses, as if not regulated and ascertained, will lessen the Navigation of the said Rivers, and render the same less useful to the Public; and whereas the erecting of the said Locks, Wears, Banks, Dams, Floodgates, and other Engines, are and may be of Use to the Navigation of the said Rivers; but the Tenants and Occupiers of the same do now take such large Rates for Barges, Boats, and other Vessels having Occasion to make use of the same, or of their Assistance, for or in their Passage, that the water carriage on those Rivers is very much raised, and the said Tenants and Occupiers of the said Locks, Wears, Banks, Dams, Floodgates, and other Engines, have upon sudden Summer Floods, exacted great Sums of Moneys from the Owners and Tenants of the Meadows above

them, before they would open the Gates and Locks to draw off the Flood, and diverse other Abuses are committed by the Bargemen in their Navigation upon the said Rivers: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, C "

"Commissioners, C may appoint some of their Number to view the Locks, lac. and to inquire on "Oath of the Rates taken at Locks. Rates for towdng Paths of 3; Years to continue. Commissioners may "rate the Price of Carriage. Bargemen adbing contrary to the Rule or Assessments forfeit yfi and Freight "of Goods. On extraordinary Occasions, and Notice in the Gazette Commissioners to meet. On Death "of Commissioners others to be chosen. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Justices of Assize. Rules to "be written on Parchment, and kept among the Records of the Sessions. Barge master answerable for his "Crew. Commissioners may remove Piles: They may on Complaint that the Water runs over the "Watermark, order the Locks to be open till the Water is sunk. They may order the Rivers to be^3.

"cleansed. Disputes about Wears, &c. to be determined at the next Town. Commissioners to have tool. cfs. 2. r.s. ' "'per Annum Freehold. Continuation for nine Years. EXP. See 24geo. 2. C 8.

CAP. XII.

An Act for importing of Salt from Europe into the Colony of New York in America,

WHEREAS the River, Bay and Coast of the Colony of New York in America, and the Seas ad Nrfirmer Lawt

joining, are very commodiously situated for carrying on of the filliing Trade, and they abound concerningptan with great Quantities of Shadd, Sturgeon, Bass, Sardine, and several other Kinds of Fish, which may 'fff r'n, 0s ' be catched and cured, and made fit for foreign Markets, whereby the Trade of Great Britain, and the 15 Car.'2* r. 7.'

Inhabitants of the said Colony, would reap considerable Benefit, which would enable the said Inhabi 22 & 23 Car. 2.

tants to purchase more of the British) Manufactures for their Use, than at present they are able, by cg2^r ' Reason of the little Trade and Produce the said Colony affords, were it permitted for his Majesty's plxiv'.l'. c.hi.

Subjects to import Salt from Europe into the said Colony for the curing of their Fish withal, in the like 11.tv. 3. 12.

Manner as is practised in New England and Newfoundland, by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made in C

the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second for that Purpose: And whereas formerly anc n, ot£y ' the Northern Parts of America were comprehended under the general Name of New England, but since 8 yir.n. C «.

have been divided into several Provinces and Colonies, and bear other distinct Names, which occasions ' a Doubt whether Salt can be imported into them without the further Aid of Parliament, by which a, 6.

very considerable and beneficial Fishery might be carried on there, to the great Benefit of your majesty's 4 Geo. 1. C ji.

1 Subjects in general may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted. And &gf.' c'12 be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords 13 ctn. 1. C Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of*C 2. 3s1

the lame. That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, it shall and

After i June 1730. Sait may be imported from Europe mto New York in America.

12 Car. 2. C 4.

1 Car. 2. C 17. Farther provijt ews ccficernitifr Plantations, jee 3 5. C 51 fif 53.

A Recital of the as and Charters relating to the east-india. Company.

9 W. 3, C 44.

C 13, 14. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Subjects, to carry and import Salt from any Part of Europe into the Colony of New York in America, in British Ships and Vessels, manned and navigated according to the act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and in the same Manner as. Salt may be imported from Europe into New England and Newfoundland, by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Geo. 0.. C 28. 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 9. 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 8 Geo. 2. C. 9. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 & 33. 24 Geo. 2. Geo. 2. C s & 3s 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to ivallbridge near the Town of Stroud in the same. County.

PR.

WHEREAS the River called Stroudwater is capable of being made navigable from the River Severn at or near Framiload in the County of Gloucester, to ivallbridge near the Town of Stroud in the same County, which if effected, will be of great Advantage not only to the clothing Trade of the said County, but likewise to the Public, by opening a Trade and Commerce between the City of Bristol and the several Market towns and other Places near the said River Stroudwater, whereby the Poor will be much better employed, the Highways greatly preserved, and the Woollen Manufacture of the said County much improved and increased To" the End therefore that the said River called Stroud, water may be made navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels; Be it enacted, iae.

Persons authorised to make the River Stroud navigable. Commissioners appointed to determine Differences. Any seven of the Commissioners may settle Differences between Undertakers and others. If any refuse to treat, they may order a Jury to assess Damages. Their Virdicl binding. The Decrees to be kept among the Records of the County of Gloucester. On Payment or Tender of the Assessments Under takers may act. Persons summoned not appearing, tac. forfeit 403. On Death of Commissioners new ones to be chosen. Rates to be paid to Undertakers, viz. For every Tonne of Coals, Corn, Malt, Grain or Meal, 3 t. 6 d. For every Tonne of other Goods, earned upon the River between the Severn at Frami load, and ivallbridge near Stroud, 5 s. and in Proportion for any less Weight or Distance. Undertakers may setup Winches, 63v. Bargemaster answerable for his Crew. This River not under the Survey of Commissioners of Sewers. Undertakers to secure Lands from being overflowed, and make good damages. The River free for all Passengers, on paying the Rates. Exception as to Manure. Undertakers to begin by 24 June 1732. and finish before 24 June 1740. not to assign their Interest till Navigation perfected. All Damages not provided for to be settled by a Jury. From 24 August to 15 October yearly, 44 no Barges to pass without Consent of the Owners of Mills. Undertakers to open the Locks to Barges.' 44 No Order of Commissioners binding unless made at a General Meeting. Commissioners not to make Cuts through any House, Mills or Garden enclosed on 25 March 1730. nor through the Garden of John ( Small, Esquire.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for reducing the Annuity or Fund of the united East-india Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William the Third, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not ex eeeding two millions upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the Eaff indies, it is amongst other Things enacted, That all the Moneys arising by the several Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in the said Act mentioned, should be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer every Year,

reckoning the first Year to begin from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, and that one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum of the Moneys to arise by the said several Duties, and to be brought into the Exchequer by weekly or other Payments, should be the yearly Fund for and towards the answering and paying off certain Annuities of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Persons or Corporations, as should subscribe and pay in their Moneys upon the Terms of the said Act; and it is thereby further enacted, That it should be lawful for his Majesty,

4 by Commission under the Great Seal of England, to authorise and appoint any Number of Persons to take and receive all such voluntary Subscriptions for or towards the said Sum of two millions, to be so paid as in the said Act is mentioned; in and by which Act it was further enacted, That such Sub feribers as aforesaid should respectively receive and enjoy for ever, out of the Fund by the said Act set tied, one Annuity for the whole Sum by them subscribed, according to the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, in the Manner thereby prescribed; and it is thereby further enacted, That it should '.and might be layfful to and for his said late Majesty, by his Letters Patents, to incorporate all and every such the said Subscribers, upon whose Subscriptions such Payments should be made as is therein 8, expressed.

7

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 14.

expressed, and ali Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, deriving Title from or under them, so long as they respectively should have any such Share or Interest in the said yearly Fund, to be one Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of The General Society Entitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for advancing a Sum not excceeding two n/i/lions, for the Service of the Crown of England, with.

such succelgon, Capacity and Powers, as in the said Act is mentioned, and in such Charters or Letters Patent such further Rules, Powers and Clauses for carrying on the Trade, and pursuing the Ends and Intent of the said Act, were to be inserted, as llrould be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf;

and it was thereby enacted, That in case the said whole Sum of two millions, or one Moiety, or any

greater Part of the said Sum of two millions, llrould be subscribed as aforesaid, on or before the said

Day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, that then and from thence forth all and every the said Subscribers, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, deriving Title by, from or under such Subscribers, so long as they re.pedlively should continue to have any Share or Interest in the said yearly Fund, and all and every Person and Persons licensed by them, Should or lawfully rhight for ever thereafter, by themselves Severally, or by such Factors,

Agents or Servants, as they Severally Should think fit to intrust, freely traffic and use the Trade of Merchandise in, to, and from the East indies, and other Parts or Limits in the said Act mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Proportions, and subject to such restrictions as in the said Act are expressed; and it was further thereby enacted, That if any Corporations, or other Persons having parti cular Shares or Interests in the said Principal Stock of the said General Society, Should be desirous to unite and join together such their Several Shares and Interests, and to be incorporated so as they might be able to manage their Trade (in Proportion to their Interests) as a Company, and by a Joint Stock,

then it Should and might be lawful for his said late Majesty, by his Letters Patents, to incorporate all such Persons and Corporations, by such proper Names as he ihoulctthink fit, to be one Company, with Power to manage and carry on their Trade to the East indies, and other the Limits in the said Act mentioned, by a Joint Stock, and to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with other Privileges in the said Act mentioned; and it is thereby further enacted, That such Persons or Corpora tions as Should in Pursuance of that Act have a Right and Power to trade to the eq/i indies, and othe'r ' the Parts aforesaid, according to such Provisions, Proportions and restrictions, as in the said Act art contained, should use and enjoy the whole and sole Trade and Traffic, and the only Liberty, Ufte and Privilege of trading, trafficking and exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandise to and from the East indies, and to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned; and that the same should not be visited, frequented or haunted by any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act prescribed and enacted; subject nevertheless to a ' Condition or Proviso therein contained, that upon three Years Notice, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, and Repayment of the said Sum of two millions, and all Arrears of the said Annuities or yearly Payments, then and from thenceforth the said Duties, and the yearly Fund charged thereupon, and the Duty of five Pounds per Centum for the imported

Goods, and the Corporations to be erected in Pursuance of the said Act, and the Benefit of Tradfe

thereby given, Should cease and determine: And whereas in Pursuance of the said Act, his said late Majesty by a Commission under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the fourteenth Day of July in the tenth Year of his Reign, did authorise several Persons therein named to be Commissioner, with Power to take Subscriptions for or towards the raising and paying the said Sum of two millions: And whereas it appeared by Duplicates transmitted into the Office of the Auditor of the Re ' c.eipt of his said late majesty's Exchequer, that several Sums, amounting in the whole to the said Sum ' of two millions of Pounds Sterling, were subscribed pursuant to the said Act, and the said whole Sum ' of two millions was entirely answered to his Majesty's Use: whereas by a Charter under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the third Day of September in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, his Majesty created and established the said Corporation or Body Politic, called The General Society, entitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for advancing a Sum not exceeding two millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, with such Powers, Privileges and Bene sits, as are therein expressed: whereas by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England bearing Date at Westminster the fifth Day of September in the said tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, ' reciting that the Subscribers towards the said Sum of two millions, therein particularly named and expressed, were desirous to unite or join together their several Shares and Interests in the Principal Stock of the said General Society, and to be incorporated, so as they might be able to manage their Trade in Proportion to their Interest as a Company, and by a Joint Stock, his said late Majesty did grant that the Subscribers therein particularly named, and every or them, and all and every Person and Persons, ' Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title derived by, from or under the said Subscribers, should have or be entitled to any Part, Share or Interest, of or in the said yearly Fund settled by the said Act, or of or in the

proportionable Annuity or yearly Payments issuing out of the said yearly Fund, so long as they Should respectively have any Part, Share or Interest therein, should be one Body Politic and Corpo rate, by the Name of The English Company trading, to the East indies, with such Benefit of Trade, ' Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such restrictions, Conditions, Covenants and Agreements, and to such Proviso of Redemption, as are therein referred to or expressed: whereas in and by one other Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for assuring to the English Company trading to the East indus, on Account of the United Stork, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned and for raising thereby the Sum of one million two

hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the War, and other her majesty's Occasions) it was enacted,

6 Ann. C 17

8

C 14. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

That upon Payment to her Majesty of the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, at the Times, and upon the Terms in the said Act mentioned, they the said English Company trading to the East indies (hold have further Time and Interest in the said Fund and Trade to the ejl Indies, as in the last mentioned Act is particularly set forth, but subject to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in the said last mentioned Act, and therein set forth; that is to say. It was thereby declared and enacted, that at any Time, upon three Years Notice after the Twenty fifth Day of March which (hold be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and upon Repayment by Parliament as well of the said Sum of two millions then before advanced, as of the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds then to be advanced, and since advanced and paid accordingly, making in the whole three millions two X hundred thousand Pounds, and of all Arrears which at the End of the said three Years (hold be due for and upon the said Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, then and from thenceforth, as well the said Duties upon Salt, as the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ' and all the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and all the Corporations erected in pursuance of the said Acts, and the Benefit of Trade granted by them, or by any Charters made in Pursuance thereof, or by that Act, (hold absolutely cease and determine: And whereas by Virtue of the said last mentioned Act, and of an Award made in Pursuance thereof, by the Right Honourable Sidney Earl of Godolphin, an Union between the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the east tndies, and the said English) Company trading to the East indies, was com pleated, and the said Name and Style of the said English) Company trading to the East indies was thereupon changed into the Name or The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East 10 Aim. C 2s. 4 Indies, as was also directed by the said act: And whereas in and by one Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne (for continuing the Trade and Corporation Capa city of the United East India Company, although their Fund (hold be redeemed) it was enacted,

That the last mentioned Proviso for Redemption and Determination of the said several Duties, yearly Fund, Annuities, Corporations, and Benefit of Trade, should be and was thereby repealed and made void, and that the said Duties upon Salt, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the Duty of five Pounds in the Hundred charged by the said Acts upon Goods imported from the East indies, (hold continue, and the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, and their Successors, (hold have and enjoy the said yearly Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, or such Part thereof, as they then were or thereafter (hold be entitled unto, and all the Benefit of Trade, Franchises, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever in respect thereof given and granted, or intended to be given or granted unto them by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in

the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of

her then Majesty, or by any of them, freed and discharged of and from the said former Proviso or

Condition of Redemption, contained in the said therein last recited Act, and all other Provisoes, Pow ers, Acts, Matters or Things thentofore had, made, done or committed for redeeming, determining or making void the same Duties, yearly Fund, Benefit of Trade, Franchise, Privilege, Profits and Advantages, or any of them, subject nevertheless to the restrictions, Covenants and Agreements in the said therein recited Acts and Letters Patents, or any of them contained, and subject to the general Provisoes or Condition of Redemption therein after contained, in which said Act there is afterwards contained a Proviso in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say, Provided akvays, and it is hereby declared and matted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time Upon three Tears Notice, after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hzmdred and thirty three, and upon Repayment by Parliament, as well of the said Sum of two millions, as of the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, making in the whole three millions two hundred thousand Pounds,

unto such Companies, Corporations and Persons as shall be then entitled thereto, and of all Arrears which to the tnd of the said three Tears shall he due, for or upon the said yearly Fund of one hundred and /ixty thousand Pounds per Annum; then and from thenceforth the said Duties upon Salt, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parch:; cut and Paper, and the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds shall absolutely cease and determine: And whereas one other Act of Parliament was made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First( ( the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions: whereas one other Act was made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, amongst other Things, for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects tyom trading to the East indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto: And whereas one other Act was also made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the 4 I irft (to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from subscribing, or being concerned in encouraging or pro moting any Subscription for an East India Company in the aujirian Netherlands, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies) as by the said several Acts of Parliament, Commission and Charters, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear:

And whereas the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, a: e legally possessed of and entitled to, the said Principal or Capital Stock of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and to the said yrearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, redeemable as aforesaid, and are also possessed of and entitled to an additional Stock in Trade, and several Sorts, Factories,

6 Settlements, Possessions, Estates and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of or in Trust for the Members of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, in Proportion and

8 4 according

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II.

C 14.

according to their respective Parts, Shares and Interests in the Paid yearly Fund, and in the said Prin cipal Stock of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, by Virtue of the said Acts of Parliament and

Charters, some or one of them, claims to be a Body Politic and Corporate, and to have perpetual

Succession, and claim also the whole and sole Trade, exclusive of all others, in, to and from the

East indies, and Limits aforesaid for ever; But nevertheless the said United Company being willing,

that all Doubts touching the Continuance of their Corporation, and of their Right to the whole and sole Trade within the Limits aforesaid for ever, after the Redemption of the said yearly Fund should be removed, were and are contented, and accordingly have consented and agreed, to subject their Right and Claim to the said whole, folc, and exclusive Trade, to be redeemable or determinable by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned; and have consented and agreed that their present An

+or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, payable in respect of their said Capital Stock or Debt of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds from the Public, be from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, reduced to an Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred twenty-eight thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament on one year's Notice to be given after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, on Payment to them of their said whole Capital Debt, with all Arrears in respect thereof, in Manner hereafter mentioned, and were and are moreover willing, and have consented and agreed to pay into his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the full Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Imereti or Addition to their said Capital Stock or Debt for the same, to be applied as hereafter mentioned, but upon such/rerms, Conditions, Grants, Confirmations, Articles and Provisions never

as herein after are made, granted, provided, declared and enacted Now for the preventing, quieting and determining any Doubts, Disputes or Difficulties that have been, or may be raised concerning the Right or Claim of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, to the whole and sole Trade to the East indies, exclusive of all others, and for perfecting and cern nleating the several Matters and Things so as aforesaid consented to by the said Company, and to the End the said Company may be able to support and carry on the Trade to the East indies with Credit and Security, and improve the same for the Benefit of this Nation, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said United Company, in Pursuance of United com their before recited Agreement, shall and they are hereby required and enjoined to pay into the re pan>'j° ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven the exclicqutr hundred and thirty, the full and entire Stun of two hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of by 24 dec. 1730. Great Britain, to be applied towards the Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for which no Interest shall be ever payable, nor shall any Addition be made to their Capital Stock or Debt from the Public on Account of the same, nor shall the same; or any Part thereof, be repayable to the said United Company.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company shall On Failure of make Failure in Payment of the said Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, at the Payment may Time before appointed for Payment thereof, then the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be be sued' made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's Name, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, by

Action of Debt or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys whereof they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Ule, against the said Unity Company, Damages after the Rate of eight Pounds per Gentian per Annum, for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their Capital Stock and Fund, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereto.

III. Provided always, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time On Advance of being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge^m°ney a it convenient for his Majesty's Service, that all or any Part of the said Sum of two hundred thousand Sowed of ]6. Pounds so as aforesaid appointed to be paid by the said United Company, should be paid in Advance percent. by them on any Day or Days before or sooner than the said twenty-fourth Day of Dumber one thousand seven hundred and thirty, before appointed for Payment thereof, and the said United Company

shall voluntarily consent to pay the same in Advance accordingly; then and in every such Case the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, may and have hereby Power to allow to the same United Company, out of every such Payment in Advance, a Rebate or Discount after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds pir Centum per Annum upon the Moneys so paid in Advance, from the respective Day or Days of such Payment, to the Day on which the same is herein before appointed to be paid as aforesaid _'20 Sept.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be ]vYundofear" in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and nor before, the said Annuity or 160,000l. re

yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds shall be and is hereby reduced to an Annuity tlufed to.

Vol. VI

C

or

I, CC A

10 C 14. all110 tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, in respect of the said Capital Stock or Debt of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds; which said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund shall be and remain charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out of the same Duties and Revenues, in the same Manner and by the l.ke weekly or quarterly Payments, and with the same Provisions, for making good any Deficiencies from Time to Time in the said reduced fund, as their present Annuity or Fund is now charged on or provided for to be paid, until some new or other Provision shall be made by Parliament, with Consent of the said United Company, for the same.

On one year's V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon one March ai '2s dear's Notice to be given by Parliament, after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the andrepayment, Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, upon the Expiration of the said Year and Annuity upon Repayment by Parliament of the said whole Capital Stock or Debt of three millions two hundred

jpctafe, thousand Pounds unto the said United Company, and of all Arrears of their said reduced Annuity or

yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, which shall be due at the End of the said Year; then and from thenceforth the said Annuity or yearly Fund shall cease, determine and be no' lenger paid or payable to them.

VI. And in regard it is intended, that at any Time or Times after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six the said Capital Stock or Debt of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, may be paid off to the said United Company by any Payments not being less than fire hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and that, as the said lesser Payments shall be made, '

the said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, payable to the said Company, shall proportionally fink and be abated; ' Be it enacted by the Authority avore on one year's That at any Time or Times, upon one year's Notice after the twenty-fifth Day of March one

Notice after 25 thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, to be given by Parliament, upon the Expiration of the said. 1736, on Year, on Repayment by Parliament to the said United Company of any Sum of Money not being less anysumnot?efe t*lan ^ve hundred thousand Pounds, in Part of the said Capital Stock or Debt of three millions two than soo.cco!. hundred thousand Pounds, and upon Payment cf all Arrears which shall then be due on their said re so much of the duced Annuity or yearly Fund, or upon any Part thereof, then from and after such Payments, so much ceaity to °* Annuity as shall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part shall cease, determine and

be abated, and soon from Time to Time, on such yearly Notices to be given by Parliament, and Payment from Time to Time of such other Sums, in Part of the said Capital Stock or Debt, not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and of such Arrears of their then Annuity or yearly Fund, until the Payment of the whole shall be completed, so much of their said Annuity or Fund as shall bear Proportion to such respective. Sums paid in Part, shall from Time to Time, as such Payments are made, fink and be abated, until their whole Annuity or yearly Fund shall be entirely sunk and determined.

afterredemp VII But nevertheless and notwithstanding such Redemption, be it further enacted by the Authority tion Members of aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who now are or shall at the Time of such redemp the company to tiem be entitled unto, or who now have or shall have any Part, Share or Interest of, in or to the said Politic C y three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or of, in or to a proportionable Part, Share or Interest: in the said additional Stock, Stock in Trade, or Money paid in for carrying on the same, or in the said Forts, Factories, Settlements, Lands, Tenements, Righ s, Hereditaments, Possessions, Estate or Estates of or belonging to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaf indies I or unto which they are, shall or may be entitled, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, or by any other lawful Way or Title derived or to be derived from, by or under them, shall have or be entitled to have any Part, Share or Interest of, in or to the same, or of, in or to any future or other additional Stock, Stock in Trade, Moneys, Possessions, Rights, Hereditaments or Estates of or belonging to, or that shall or may be acquired, gamed or obtained by the said United Company, or their Successors, so Lng as they shall respectively have or be entitled to have any such Share, Part or Interest, shall be and continue to be a Body Politic and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal; and they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in the Law to have, purchase, receive, enjoy, posies and retain, to them and their Successors, Lands, Rents, enements and Hereditaments, of what Kind, Nature or Quality soever, and also to sell, grant, demise, alien, or dispose of the same; and by, the same Name to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, in all or any Courts of Record, or any other Place

whatsoever, and to do and execute all and singular other Matters and Things by the Name afore' '

that to them shall or may appertain to do, and shall have, hold and enjoy all Benefits, Privileges, Franchises and Rights, which by any former Act or Acts, or any Charter or Charters founded there -- upon, the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies might hold and enjoy, which are not herein or hereby altered or varied; and all and every Person and Persons, having at the Time of such Redemption of the said yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty eight thousand Pounds, any Part, Share or Interest of, in or to the said Principal Stock of three millions '

two hundred thousand Pounds, and of, in or to the said additional Stock, Stock in Trade and Moneys

paid in for carrying on the same, and of, in and to other the possessions, Rights, Estates and Hereditaments aforesaid, acquired or purchased by or any ways belonging or appertaining to the Lid United Company of Merchams of England trading to the East indies, and all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, that shall or may at any Time after derive from them any Right or Title to such

Moneys'

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 14. it

Moneys paid in, Stocks, Possessions, Rights, Hereditaments and Estates, notwithstanding such Redemption, shall] have and continue to have, and be entitled unto the same, and unto all future and other the Stocks, Moneys, Possessions, Rights, Hereditaments and Estates, to be acquired, gained, belonging or to belong to the said United Company, and their Successors, and to all Benefits, Protits, Privileges and Advantages arising or to anse therefrom, in Proportion to their respective Parts, Shares and Interests therein; and the Paid Parts, Shares and Intercfls of such Persons of and in the same, shall and may be assigned and assignable, transferred and transferable, in such or tree like Manner, mutatis mutandis, as their respective Parts, Shares or Interests of and in the said Principal Stock of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and the additional Stock thereto, or either of them, are now assignable or transferable, or may be assigned or transferred.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such redemption of the said yearly lund, or after one Moiety thereof or more shall be redeemed and discharged by Parliament, the said United Company of Merchants cf England trading to the east indies may from Time to Time, by bylaws or Orders to be made in their General Court or General Courts, declare and direct how much and what Part or Share in the then remaining Capital Stock or yearly Fund, or in the said additional Stock, and Stack in Trade, Possessions, Hereditaments and Estates aforesaid, shall quali y any Persons, Members of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the east indies, to be Directors for the Affairs of the said Company, and what Part or Share thereof shall qualify any Persons, Members of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajf indies, to give any Vote or Votes in any General Court or General Courts, and for the el citing the Directors, and for their Continuance or Removal, Incapacity or Avoidance.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding such Redemp Company to tion of the said yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds as aforesaid, the said to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the jeajl indies shall, subject to the Proviso of east indies fora Determination herein after contained in that Behalf, have, use and enjoy, and shall continue to have, limited Time, use and enjoy the whole and sole Trade and Traffic, and the only Liberty, Use and Privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandise in, to and from the east indies,

and in, to and from all the Islands, Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns and Places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, and Limits in the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the T hird, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign mentioned, in as ample and beneficial Manner, as the said Company could thereby trade thereto; and the said east indies, or the Islands, Havens,

Coasts, Ports, Cities, Towns and Places within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not from henceforth, at any Time before such Determination of the said sole and whole Trade of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the east indies, as is herein after mentioned, be repaired or failed to, visited, frequented or haunted by any other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, whatsoever; if any of the said Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Sue Vessels and cessors, of what Degree or Quality soever they be, other than the Fablors, Agents and Servants of uikher durlmf the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the east indies, or such as shall be by that Time, with them thereunto licensed or authorised, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, before such detcrmina out Leave of the tion of the said company's whole and sole Trade as aforesaid, directly or indirectly fail or go to, lor'

visit, haunt, frequent, traffic, trade or adventure in, to or from the said east indies, or other the Limits

or Parts aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, all and every such Offender and Offenders shall incur the Forfeiture and Loss of all the Ships and Vessels which shall be employed in such Voyage,

Trade, Traffic or Adventure, with the Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereunto belonging,

and also all the Goods laden thereupon, or that were or shall be sent to, acquired, traded, trafficked

or adventured within the said east indies or Parts aforesaid, and all the Proceed and Effebls of the same, and every of them, and double the Value thereof; which Penalties shall be so sued for, seized, (a) Dirtributed

diverted and divertible (a), recovered and recoverable, as in and by the said Abl made in the seventh

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First is appointed, directed and enabled con Edition. '

cerning the Penalties and Forfeitures in that Abl mentioned or referred to, with respect to the said United y Geo. i. stat. i.

Company, or their Trade to the east indies.' - " c-21-

X. And moreover it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of thsyfluenj05r

Merchants of England trading to the Fall Indies shall at all Times hereafter forever (subject as afoie granted bflfis

said) have, hold and enjoy and be entitled unto all and every the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, privi or Charters,

leges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights. Remedies, Methods of Suit, and'

all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Disabilities, Provisions, Matters and Things whatsoever; which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters founded thereupon, or by any Clause or Clauses in the said Acts or Charters contained, are enabled, given, granted, provided, inflibled, limited, established, or declared to, for, touching, or concerning the said Company or Body Politic and Corporate, either by the Name of The General Society entitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for advancing a Sum not exceeding tzvo millions for the Service of the Crown of England, or the said Body Politic k and Corporate, called by the Name of The English Company trading to the Fall Indies, or the said Body Politic and Corporate, now called by the Name of The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not by this Act altered or intended to be altered, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, freed and discharged from all Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption and Determination tlieiein contained, and the same and every of them are hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be prablifed and put in Execution by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiesr and heir Successors, for the better and more effectual settling

C 2 and

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

But Corporation to continue.

9 W. 3. C 44.

and securing to them and their Successors the whole, sole and exclusive Trade to the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, and for the preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither, and for securing also their Possessions, Estate and Effefls, 'and governing their Affairs and Business in all Respefls as fully and effectually, as if the same Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Trade, Privileges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suit, Penalties and Forfeitures, Disabilities, Provisions, Matters and Things, were severally repeated and at large reenacted in the Body of this act; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Covenants and Agreements as are contained in the said acts and Letters Patent now in Force, and not herein or hereby varied or altered, and subject also to the Proviso following; that is say,

On three Years

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon three " Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year

payment of the one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six (a), upon the Expiration of the said three Years and Repay stock 'excimlve ment to die kid United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, Trade to cease: of the said Capital Stock, Debt or Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Ponnds, and all Arrears (a) sixty fixin of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in ease the same shall not have been before repaid, then and t be former Edition, from thenceforth the said Right, Title and Interest of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole, sole and exclusive Trade to the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the above Proviso, or in any Proviso in the Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King William the third, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in the Tenth Year of his said Majesty, or in any other Act or Charter contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to determine the Corporation of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to hinder, prevent or exclude the said United Company from carrying on at all Times, after such Determination of the Right to the foie, whole and exclusive Trade as aforesaid, a free Trade in, to and from the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, with all or any Part of their own. Joint Stock in Trade Goods, Merchandizes, Estate and Effects in common with other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, trading in, to and from those Parts.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Notice in Writing, signified by the

nottce byppi7 r Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being by Order of the said House, shall be deemed and some nt, adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all the Ends, Intents and Purposes for

which such Notices are directed by this Act to be given to the said Company.

Company not to

XIV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Fntf'io, cao^e*United Company shall be and are hereby restrained and enjoined from buying, purchasing, enjoying, or per Annum. possessing, at any onetime, any Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements or Hereditaments, of what Nature, Kind or Quality soever, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, exceeding in the whole the yearly Value of Ten thousand Pounds; anything herein or in any former Actor in any Charter granted to the said Company, in any wise notwithstanding.

This Aa not to

XV. Provided always, That this Actor anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed, Sotfth sea Com deemed or taken to extend to restrain or prejudice such Trade or Navigation within any Parts of the Limits pany: aforesaid, as the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and

other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, now are inititled unto.

Nor the Levant

XVI. Provided also, That this Actor anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed. Company. deemed or taken to extend to subject the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the jtdhcmp 'ary, Lcvant scas, or any Member thereof, to any Penalties or Forfeitures hereby enacted, for and in respect see farther of his and their trading into the Levant seas,

3 Geo. 2. c. 20, )2 Geo. 2. c. 22, 37 Geo. 2. c. 17. 27 Geo. 2. c. 9. 3 Geo. 3. c. 34.

What shall be

CAP. XV s

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former Act, as appropriates Part of the Money arising by the Tolls or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blean, in the said County of Kent.

PR.

"The Tolls took Place from the 24th Day of June 1730, and are to have Continuance for 21 Years.

Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills towards the Supply granted to Elis Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund; fqr applying the Arrears of former Land Taxes; for approprating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Relief with respect of an over payment to the Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty-one by the receiver-general for the County of Salop,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which wre have cheerfully granted to

i3

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 16.

your Majesty, in the cafieft and lead burdensome Way for Your majesty's Subjects, 'Do most humbly belecch your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it unaided by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to or for the commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, at any Time or Times before the twenty lifth day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, to cause or diredd any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament (for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty) are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the same Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers and Authorities for contracting for the Circulation and Exchange of the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the same Act, at a Rate or Premium not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all and every other Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Add, relating to the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made in pursuance of the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge them on the Moneys arising from the Aids thereby granted) shall be applied and extended to tyre Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Exchequer Bills as shall be made forth in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest; Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies, which shall be granted in Parliament next after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and in the mean time and until such Supplies shall be granted sufficient for those Purposes, the lame shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable on such Surplus Moneys, as at any Time or Times from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty shall arise into the Exchequer, from the several Duties and Revenues now charged with the Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, now payable, to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the quarterly Payments or Arrears of the said Annuity or yearly Fund, or which shall hereafter arise by any Savings in the Moneys arising by the said Duties and Revenues, by any Reduction that is or shall be made in the said Annuity or yearly Fund payable to the said Company, with their own Consent; and all and every such Surplus Moneys or Savings which shall from Time to Time arise into the Exchequer, before the granting such Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, and until all the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be cancelled and discharged, shall be quarterly applied towards the paying and defraying the Premium, Interest and Charges attending on or incident to the same Exchequer Bills, and subject thereto, towards cancelling and discharging the Principal of the said Exchequer Bills in course, and from and after the Discharge of the said Exchequer Bills, and subject thereto, the said Surplus Moneys or Savings shall be reserved for the future Disposition of Parliament.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First (for reviving and adding two millions to the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company) the whole increased Capital Stock of the said Company, being then computed at thirty-three millions eight hundred and two thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and a Halfpenny, was divided into two equal Parts, and one Moiety thereof, being therein stated at sixteen millions nine hundred 5 and one thousand two hundred and forty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and a Farthing, was to be con verted into a Joint Stock, attended with certain Annuities payable out of the Funds of the said Company, in lieu of all the Dividends, Profits and Advantages such Moiety was then entitled to, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and from thenceforth with Annuities at four Pounds per Centum per An act' num, redeemable by Parliament, and the same were thenceforth to be called The Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities; and the other Moiety or Half Part of the said whole Capital Stock, amounting to the like Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty-one Pounds seven teen Shillings and a Farthing, was to remain, continue and be in the said Company as a Joint Stock in their own Right, attended with the Residue of the Annuities or yearly Funds payable in the Exchequer for their said whole Capital, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, and attended with the several Allowances settled or to be settled for Charges of Management, and with all the other Benefits, ' Profits of Trade, Privileges and Advantages then belonging to the said Company; and by the same Act it was provided. That after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven the same Stocks might be redeemed by any Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at d Time, and that such Payments shoula from Time to Time be applied, either towards discharging the Principal Sums which Should belong to the said south-sea Company in their own Right, or towards discharging the Principal Sums of the said south-sea Annuities, or towards discharging as well the Principal Sums of the said Company, as of the said south-sea Annuities, in such Proportions, Manner and Form, as Should be prescribed by the rc spective Act or Acts of Parliament for furnishing such Sums: And whereas by reason or means of a

Treasury mar issue out Exchequer Bills of 550,000l.

Geo. I. C. 9.

subject to the Powers in the _ Land Tax ol this Session.

Chargeable cn the first Aids after9 Sept. 1730.

and on the Surplus of the Duties chargeable with the India Companj's Annuities,

9 Geo. 1. c. 6.

14

C 16. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

small Error in computing the Amount of the whole increased Capital Stock, and since rectified, and by ' a Payment and Application of a Sum of five lnindred thousand Pounds in Moieties towards reducing the Capital Sums both of the Stock of the Company and of the Joint Stock of Annuities, in pursuance 3 gso.a. stats. < of an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Capital Sum remaining due on each C 4 of them doth now amount to sixteen millions six hundred fifty-one thousand one hundred and one

Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence Farthing respectively, and no more: And whereas it is deemed, expedient for this Time and on this present Occasion, that the Sum of one million of Pounds Sterling

Should be paid and applied for and towards paying off so much of the said remaining Capita] Stock or Principal Sum belonging to the said Company in their own Right, commonly called The south-sea Rinkine Fund < Stock Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as are or olr one million be in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly

south sea stock, called The Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which filial] be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty (after Payment of or reserving sufficient to pay such monies.as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall be ififued' and applied to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, at the said Feast day, and afterwards quarterly from Time to Time, as the same shall arise, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall on such Quarter day or Days be in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, for or towards redeeming Part of the Annuities attending on the said Capital Stock or Sum remaining due to the said Company in their own Right, until the same Payments shall in the whole amount to the Sum of one million of Pounds Sterling; and that as the said Payments of Principal Money shall be from Time to Time made, a proportional Part of their said Capital Stock, and of the Annuities attending thereon. If Money not shall also from time to time cease and determine, for the Benefit of the Public; but as it may lo happen, saiequen the that on the Feast day of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist which shall be in the Year of our Lord Treasury may one thousand seven hundred and thirty, there may not be sufficient Money in the Receipt of the exche borrow at 41. quer, arisen from the said Surplusses, to satisfy and pay the said entire Sum of one million of Pounds, and percent. the fa lcj south-sea Company may desire then to receive the whole Sum in one entire Payment, in order to make one Distribution of the whole amongst all the Proprietors of their said Capital Stock at one Time; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application being made by the said Company to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and giving them Notice of such their Desire to have and receive the said one million of Pounds in one entire Payment ten Days at least before the said Feast day, it filial! and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, by Warrant under their Hands to permit or suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to His Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer so much Money, as together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be wanting to corn pleat the said Sum of one million of Pounds, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof, in the mean Time, after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and in such case the Money so to be lent or advanced, shall be ififued and paid to the said Company, together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, to complete the Payment of the said entire Sum of one million of Pounds; and the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise from the said Surplusses, shall quarterly be issued and applied to discharge and satisfy such Loans with the Interest thereof, in the due Order and common Course of the Exchequer, in cases of Loans; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

smnli seacom V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Sea Company shall forthwith, up eiu/out the' on he Receipt of the said Sum of one million of Pounds, or as soon after as conveniently may be, divide Money to the out, and diferibute the same, amongst all the several Proprietors of their said Capital Stock, towards fink propnetors. ing and discharging so much of their Shares or Interests in the said Capital Stock, by even and equal Dividends amongst them all, in Proportion to their respective Shares or Interests therein.

Sub governor,

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Company or any Member sel companynot tilerc0^ hjah not incur any Disability for or by reason of anything done in pursuance of this Act; nor to incur any dif shall the Sub governor, Deputy governor or any of the Directors now or for the Time being, after ability hereby, the Payments hereby directed shall take place, be deemed to be disqualified to continue Sub governor, Deputy governor or Directors, if, by reason of such Payments, there shall not remain in their own respective Names or Rights so much Capital Stock of the said Compan}^ as they before were required to have for the Qualification of such Sub governor, Deputy governor or Director respectively, so as such Sub governor, Deputy governor or Director respectively, within three Months after his being obliged to receive any Sum or Sums of Money in discharge of any Part of his Share or Interest: in the said Capital Stock of the said Company, which will reduce his Interest or Share therein under the Sum required for such his Qualification, do' or shall obtain, by Purchase or otherwise, so much more Capital Stock of the said Company, to be transferred into his own Name and Right, as filial! complete the Sum necessary for such his Qualification.

VII. And for the Accommodation of such of the Proprietors of the said Capital Stock, as filiall be obliged to receive small 'Sums as Dividends of their said Capital, and for enabling them to replace the same with the least Expense: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and Cases, where any Proprietor or joint Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Capital Stock, shall, out of

the

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II.

C 16. 15

the said Sum of one million, be paid off a Dividend of Capital on such their respective Shares or Inte Small Sums r.c rests, which Dividend shall not amount to more than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, their Officers or Servants, and they are hereby required at any may b replaced time before the Day to be appointed by the Court of Directors for the (hutting up their Transfer Books, vmficutsuir.pi, in order to the Payment of the half year's Annuity, to be due on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, to permit or suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Proprietors of the said Stock, to transfer to such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, any Sum or Quantity of south-sea Capital Stock, not exceeding the Sum or Sums so divided out of Capital, to him, her or them respectively, by Writing in the Transfer Books of the said Company, without any of 1 Ire Stamps being impressed thereon, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament are required in Cases of Transfers, and without any Fees or other Charges to the said Company, or their Officers, Clerks or Servants, for the same, and also to permit and suffer the Transferees, or some other Person or Persons on their behalfs respectively to accept the same; and that such Transfers without Stamps (subject to the Restrictions before mentioned) shall be as good, valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been stamped according to any former or other Law or Laws for that purpose; that no Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by any such former Law or Laws for or on Account of making or permitting Transfers of Stock, without being first ffampt, shall be incurred by any Person or Persons acting therein in pursuance of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said south-sea Company, within the Time before mentioned, to sell and dispose of, to any such of their Proprietors, any Parcels or Quantities of that Part of their Capital Stock as now remain in the said Company, or in any Person or Persons in Trust for them, not distributed amongst the reff of their Adventurers, as shall be necefliiry or sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, and no more, at such Price or Prices as shall be from Time to Time agreed on between the said Company and such Proprietors, and to cause the same to be transferred accordingly, free from such Stamps, Fees or other Charges as aforesaid; any Thing in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And to die End, Intent and Purpose that all trust Estates or Interests in the said Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, may be preserved and improved for the Benefit of the Persons concerned therein, with the lead; Expense and Inconvenience to them: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments or Dividends shall be made Dividends of of the Capital of any such Stock, as shall bevelled in any Person or Persons in Trust for other Persons, Stock in Trust who have or claim distinct or different Interests therein, or for any other Ends or Purposes, for which diviri°endspof* the Capital Sum or Stock ought to be preserved entire, such Payments or Dividends of the Capital Stock Profit, &,shall not be paid or applied as Dividends of Profit, Annuity or Interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise disposed of at Interest; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees, who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion, to lay out or dispose of the same or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of so much other Capital Stock of the same Kind, as at the current Market Price of such Stock the Moneys received for such Dividends shall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchase; new purchased Stock shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such Trustees respectively, by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed or acknowledged before one of the Mailers of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Moneys in the said Receipts were the Produce of tyre said Dividends of the said Capital Stock, which Signing or Acknowledgment such Mailers in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take; and each and every such Mailer, before whom the same shall

sr Co?, South Sea Geo. 20* 5*

be done, shall at the same time certify the same, by subscribing his Name thereto; for doing whereofs, r, rti. such Matter shall be paid for each such Certificate one Shilling and no more; then, and in every such Case, renting So, the Stock mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall respectively go and be deemed subject and Company, 31 liable to the same Trulls, for the Benefit of the same Persons, and for the same Uses, Ends, Intents and C

Purposes, as the rest of the trust Stock remaining in such Trustees respectively will or ought to be subject 5 Cm, 7. C 17.

or liable to; and such Trustees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges |c 2s

or Damages, on account of their so doing, at the Expences of the said trust Estates. 7 ( is

.9Gci. 2. C 34. §. 12. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. §. 35. 2acd. 2, C 3. §. 60, 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 u.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to t).llftees majr restrain or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or disposing of any of the said trust Moneys in dispose of the any other Purchases or any other Securities, whether public or private, if they shall so think fit, in Trust Moneys to the same Manner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves as they might have done if this any Secuuties* Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of eleven thousand six hundred clauseforappiy

fifty five Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence half permy, remaining in the Exchequer for Arrears of ins the Arrears several Land Taxes, payable in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven or before, shall L uc1'

or may be issued or applied as Part of his Majesty's Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise not vit h Handing.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into

'opnafior? lie Wonies granted this

"illioru

granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allow. 4 able

i6 C 16. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

able for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied or Money sufficient shall be referred in the Exchequer to discharge the lame; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; for exempting from the said Duties, Cyder and Perry used for distilling; for ascertaining the Bounty for Malt exported; for better preventing Frauds in the malting of Corn for Exportation; for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures or Contrails, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and also tyre Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer by the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the east indies, in pursuance of another Act of this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the Annuity of the said Company, and ascertaining their Trade to the Ealt indies, and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Exchequer Bills on this Act, and the Sum of eleven thousand six hundred fifty-five Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land Taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless Sums allowed to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, it is hereby enabled and declared, that for Naval Ser out of afi or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or vu'es' Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds sixteen

Shillings and five Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed, that is to say, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

Greenwich Hof

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there pital. final! and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds,

upon Account, for and towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen in the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

office of Onl

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there nance for Land shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ninety four thousand Service. four hundred Pounds nine Shillings and threepence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office

of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying tyre extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

Land Forces and

XIV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore

ocher Services, said, there fltal! or may be issued or applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million one hundred n.nety four thousand two hundred twelve Pounds fifteen Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, any Sum not exceeding six hundred fifty-one thousand four hundred eighty-four Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand seven hundred and nine Men, including Commission and non com iniffion Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty thousand two hundred thirty-five Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Gariions in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty three thousand four hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and threepence, upon Account of out i'enlioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-eight thousand seven hundred eighty Pounds twelve Shillings and live Pence three Farthings, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty four thousand Pounds, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and the Sum of two hundred forty-one thousand two hundred fifty-nine Pounds one Shilling and threepence for defraying the Expense of twelve thousand Hejfians, taken into his Majesty's Pay for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; and airy Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds, for one year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brutfivick Luncnburgh jvolfcnbuttel!, pursuant to a Treaty dated the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty 1'even.

Deficiencies, of

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid,

Funds, su;. ' there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred fifteen

thousand

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 16. 17

thousand four hundred forty six Pounds and threepence, towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty three thousand three hundred forty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and five Pence Farthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called The General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine. Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Purchase of the Interest of Dougall Cuthbert Esquire, or any Person or Persons claiming under him in a reversionary Grant to him during his Life, in the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison, after the Decease of Thomas Bambridge Esquire; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England) on the Coafi of Africa, and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand five hundred Pounds, upon Account of one year's Pentions, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, to be allowed to the Widows of such half-pay Officers of the Land Forces, as served and were married before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, said Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, director appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions,

Qualifications, Deductions or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty by such or the like Warrant or Warrants shall be graciously pleased, from Time to Time, to direct or appoint.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or Not to be pp. applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mention g, hoan>'olh'; r ed, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments, directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XVII. And as to the said Sum of sixty four thousand Pounds, by this Act appropriated on Account p.utestobeob of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules served in appii herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, that no Person th

shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the a p Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment,

Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said halt pay, that no Chaplain of any gari son or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the feeond Year of his Majesty's Reign,; Geo. C it.

'intituled, An Act t ascertain the Cujhm payable for Corn and Grain imported, for better ascertaining the 5 Price and Quantity of Gem and Grain, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffmn of Parliament; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts, several Supplies which had been granted to His Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty seven thousand Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma ' rines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and Overplus of the declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of fifty seven thousand Pounds as hats p.iymon«y is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by be dist^fedto the said als prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall the com writs or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such naw Ia. others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of Chanty, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be ligned in that behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas Richard jfoilaflon Esquire, Receiver General of the Taxes for the County of Salop, is in Arrear upon his Account of the Sixth two Shilling Aid, one thousand seven hundred twenty-two, the Sum of two thousand nine hundred ninety five Pounds eleven Shillings one Penny

three Farthings or thereabouts, which Arrear was occasioned by his Agents having by Mistake over paid the like Sum on the Ninth three Shilling Aid in the Year one thousand seven hundred twenty

one Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the ci.v.ife in favour Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or0(richardwcv more of them, to direct the said Sum of two thousand nine hundred ninety five Pounds eleven shil laftcn Esqui, fcngs and one Penny three Farthings or thereabouts, overpaid as aforesaid, to be repaid to the said Richard jvalaston, oat of the Arrears of former Land Taxes, which now are in or shall come into the Vol. VI D Receipt

i8 C 17-20. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and which are not herein otherwise appropriated, and that the same shall be immediately paid in by him in Discharge of the aforesaid Arrear on nis Account of Land Tax granted for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of Ratcliff, in the parish of Saint Dimjlan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

PR.

"Appointment of 3500l. to purchase Lands, iac, for the Minister of the new Church. Churchwardens CC may make Vaults, £sy. Churchwardens to pay 60l. per Ann. to the Rector. Vestrymen to elect a "Lecturer, and all Officers. New District a distinct Parish. Rate life Hamlet to remain as before for Poors rates, bfc. The great Tithes continued to Brafen Nose College. The two Portionifts to re "each 25 /. per Ann. during their Incumbencies. Parish Clerk to be a Member of the Parish Clerks. "The new Church not to be held in Commendam. The Parish Clerk of the new Church to pav 5 I. per "Arm. to the present Clerk of Stepney. Inhabitants of the new Parish paying 2 s. 6d. per Month to il Poors Rate, to be Vestrymen. Repairing the Roads to continue as before.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford.

PR.

C The Tolls took Place 1 July 1730. and areto continue for 21 Years. Continued by 22 Geo. 2. C i3.

CAP. XIX.

An act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church near Bloomsbury Market in the County of Middlesex; and for making more effectual an Act passed in the fourth Year of his late majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for building the fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the said County, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new Churches.

PR.

Appointment of 3000l. to purchase Lands, before the Minister of the new Church. Inhabitants of the "old Parish to pay 1250l. for the Recftor of the new. Commissioners to purchase a Churchyard for the 4' new Church by 24 June 1730. Commissioners and Vestry to set the Rates of Burials. Vaults, ein the new Church vested in the churchwardens. Rectory not to be held in Commendam. Parish Clerk to "be a Member of the Parish Clerks. Not to take away any Rights of the present Rector of Saint Giles in "the Fields. Lecturer to be chosen by the Rector and Vestrymen. One Bell only in the Steeple. Com "to pay 8000l. for rebuilding Saint giles's Church. After 2; March 1731, till an effectual "Division of the Parishes can be had, Parish Officers to be chosen as formerly, and all Poors Rates hall "made by both Parishes jointly. Salvo for all Rights of the Duke of Bedford.

CAP. XX.

An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby, and for charging the reduced Annuity, payable to the Eafi india Company, on the Aggregate Fund; and for Relief of Matthew Lion, Executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the Duty for Salt lost by the overflowing of the River Mercy, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four.

ij&fcw.&m. ' TTZHER eas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years, of the Reign of

"7'*Vy their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act fr granting to their

Majesies certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain

Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying 011 the war against France, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety four, there should be, throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of jvdes, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and 6 Sue reflors, until the seventeenth Day of May which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, for Salt, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say. For every Gallon of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, imported or to be imported into England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of threepence ot lawful Money of England, over and above the then Du 4 ties payable on Salt imported, and after that Rate for a greater or leller Quantity; and for every Gallon of Salt and Rock Salt, made at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Pits, within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny halfpenny, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; with diverse Provisions and Direc tions in the said Act contained, for managing, collecfting, paying and applying the same Duties

And whereas by another Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of their said late 7s: wi m, Majesties, intituled, An Act for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Ston

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 20. 19

and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a National Land Bank, and taking off the Du ' ties upon Tonnage of Ships, and upon Cents, the same Rates and Duties were continued fo1 ever, for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas by a subsequent Act made in the' ninth Year of the Reign other late Majesty Queen Anne, For making good Deficiencies, and Satisfying the Public Debts, Ann C -«

and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South seas, and for the Encouragement of the Fishery, the before mentioned Duties, amongst other Duties therein enumerated, were made Part of 1 the Duties and Revenues on which the Fund or Annuity, and Allowance for Charges of Management, thereby made payable to the south-sea Company, to be erected by virtue and in pursuance of the same Act, for or in respect of the several Public Debts or Securities thereby authorised to be

subscribej into tyre Capital or Joint Stock of tyre same Company, were charged: And whereas by virtue of the same last recited Act, and of the Subscriptions' made of Public Debts or Ineum brances in purtuance thereof, and of a further Sum of Money advanced by the said south-sea Company into the Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 1 King George the First, For enlarging the Capital Stock and yearly Fund of the south-sea Company, lgeo T, ' and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, the said south-sea Company are entitled, either in the C i' '

of their present Capital Stock, or in Trust for the Proprietors of the Capital Stock of South Sea Annuities, as the same were divided into Moieties, by an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign

of his said late Majesty King George the First, to have and receive out of the several Duties and ceo. i. C

Revenues appropriated by the said recited Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign,

and such subsequent Acts as aforesaid, one Annuity or yearly Fund of four hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and also the yearly Allowance of eight thousand Pounds for Charges of Management, subject to Redemption by Parliament, on Payment to them of the Sum of ten millions, by any Sums not iefs than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sinn not exceeding two millions upon a Fund for9& IO w,

Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade C 44.

to the Ealt indies, it was amongst other Things enacted, That there should be raised, levied, col lested and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for Salt, whether imported from foreign Parts, or home made, several additional Rates and Duties therein mentioned (over and above all other Duties already payable for the same, by any Act or Acts of Parliament before that time made,

and then in Force) and the same additional Duties on Salt, together with certain additional Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, therein mentioned or referred to, were charged with an act An act' nuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, to the Subscribers of two millions, in pursuance of the same Act: And whereas the said Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds still remains charged on the same additional Duties on Sait,

and Stamp Duties, and is now payable to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, redeemable by Parliament, on Payment to the said United Company of the Capital Sum or Debt from the Public, of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds.; but the said United Company have agreed nd consented to reduce the same Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, from the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of oar Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, to an Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred and twenty eight thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament, on such Terms as are particularly expressed in another Act of this present Session of Parliament; And whereas by the Articles of Union between -, s ' the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, all the said Duties on Salt were, from the Times therein Article s'.

1 mentioned, to take place in Scotland (except the additional Duty on home made Sait) with some Provisions for preventing Sait made in Scotland from being brought into England, without paying the faitl additional Dury on Salt made in England; 'Now wc your majesty's 1110ft dutiful and loyal 5&6w. M. Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, having considered how great a Relief it would be to youre

Subjects, to take off the Doty imposed by the said first recited Act on Home made Salt, and also to take off all the additional Duties on Salt, whether Foreign or Home made, imposed by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, and being desirous at the same Time to secure the Creditors of the Publick from any Injury and Damage they may suffer thereby, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ami Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December Inch shall be in the Year of our Lord After a Dec. one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny per Gallon on Salt and Rock 1?^, tiw du n Salt, made at the saltworks or taken out of any Pits within this Kingdom, which was granted by the "Homeirnar said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen ter'

Mary, and since made perpetual, and also all the additional Duties on Salt, whether imported from Foreign Parts or Home made, which were granted by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable; and then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given or granted by any Thefo Duties raft or Acts of Parliament for the levying, securing, collecting or recovering the lame, and all Pe for; Years naliics and Forfeitures relating thereto, and ail Provisions, Regulations or Restrictions, relating to the importing or bringing ot Salt made in Scotland into England, without paying the said acluitional Duty penial by a on Sait, shall ceaie, determine and not be put in Execution, and then and from thenceforth the Right

D z or

Duties on foreign Salt to continue.

Uliat shall.bc deemed foreign bait.

Penalties, &c. for offences about foreign Salt, to continue.

bow to be seed for.

Prosecution for. Penalties before Justices to continue.

Act not to discharge Proprietors of Salt made before 15. Dec, j7J0.

Treasury to continue after 25 Dec. officei s for getting in Arrears ol Salt Duties,

C. 20. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

or Demand of any Person or Persons, in purfu: nee of the said recited Acts or any of them, on his or their exporiing beyond the Seas any Salt, for which the said Duties had been before secured or paid, to have the Securities for the same discharged or the Moneys pakl for the same repaid, shall also cease and determine, as to so much of such Securities or Payments, as were given or made for any of the Duties by this Act to be determined, and that no Drawbacks on account of such Duties so secured or paid before the said twenty-fifth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lo d one thousand seven hundred and thirty (except for the Duty of threepence per Gallon on Foreign Salt imposed by the first herein recked Act) Avail be made and allowed on any Salt exported beyond the Seas after that Time.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act eon ained shall extend or be construed to extend to determine the said Duty of threepence pr Gallon on Salt not of the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ll ales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, so as aforesaid granted by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and since made perpetual; nor Avail the same extend or be construed to extend to determine or make void an^the Provisions, Rules or Directions, made or given by the said Acts or any of them, and now in Force, for Payment of the same Duty by the Importers of such foreign Salt upon the Entry thereof, or for preventing the Landing thereof before such Entry made, or the securing the same by Bond with, sufficient Sureties, or for allowing the Discounts on paying the said Duty in ready Money, or for Allowances for Drawbacks of the Duties paid or secured on the re exporting the lame for foreign Parts, or for making good any Losses or Accidents that may happen in such Salt after lliipping the lame for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to be carried coastwise, or for ascertaining the Weight in each Bushel, by which the said Duty Avail be computed, or to determine or make void any former Actor Clause relating to Ships or Vefiids laden with foreign Salt found hovering on the Coast, relating to such Salt exported to Ireland, and landed there; but the same and every of them shall remain and be in as full Force and Virtue as they now are or would be if this Act had not been made, or as if the same, had been particu arly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act; any 'Filing herein, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty of threepence per Gallon on foreign Salt Avail extend only to such Salt as is not the Product and Manufacture of some Part of the wthole united Kingdom of Great Britain, and that all Salt of the Product or Manufacture of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland Avail be exempted from the said Duty, as well ass Salt of the Product or Manufacture of that Part of Great Britain called England is exempted from the same, by the Description of the said Duty in the said first recited Act which, originally granted the same.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to determine or make void any the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by the said former Acts or any of them, and now in Force, for any Offences in the landing of such foreign Salt before Entry, or for any other Frauds or Abuses upon the re exporting the same, in Relation to the Drawbacks of Duties which had been before paid upon the first importing the same, and afterwards relanding the same in any Part of Great Britain clandestinely. for any: other Offences against the said Acts, in Relation to the same Duty, nor to alter any Provisions now in Force for the Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures between his Majesty and the Informers, when recovered, or the Method of suing for or recovering the same, save only that from and after the: said twenty-fifth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the Provisions for suing for, recovering, receiving or mitigating the same, by the same Means, Rules, Ways and Methods as any Penalty or Forfeiture is to be sued for or recoverable by any Laws relating to the Excise, shall cease and determine; and then and from thenceforth the Lme Avail be sued for, levied, recovered and received for any Frauds or Offences that shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and for any Frauds or Offences that Avail be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law Avail be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance.

V. Provided always, That in any Cases where any Provisions are made by any former Acts of Parliament for suing for, prosecuting or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offences or frauds.in Relation to the said Duties, before any two or more Justices of the Peace, the same Powers or Provisions for suing for, prosecuting or recovering the same before such Justices of the Peace, in rela tion.to the said Duty of threepence per Gallon on foreign Salt, Avail co tinue in full Force, and be put. in Execution; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained Avail extend or be construed to extend to acquit, releafs.or discharge any Importers or Makers or Proprietors of Salt or Rock Salt from any Duties due or to grow due for Salt imported, or, Rock Salt taken out of the Pits, or Salt made and removed, before the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty; or any securities for the same, or any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred, or to which any Person or Persons was, were cr Avail become liable for any Frauds or Offences in Relation to the said Duties before that Time; but the same. Avail remain due, payable, fuable for and recoverable in the same Manner as they would have been if this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the lords commissioners of, his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord High

4. Treasurer

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 20. 21

Treasurer for the Time being, to continue or appoint, for some reasonable Time, not exceeding in the whole eighteen Months, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, such and so many Officers of the Salt Duties, or other Person or Persons as shall be necessary for the getting in, receiving and accounting for the Duties on Salt hereby determined, or any Arrears or Securities for the same, which may be due at or after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and for recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred before the said Time, with such reasonable Allowances for the same as may be thought necessary.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con Boar tic: or ri<v.

tained shall extend, or b; construed to extend, to repeal, determine or make void all or any of the conu

Bounties or Allowances enacted or directed to be paid on the Exportation of Pish from Great Britain,

out of the Duties on Salt, by an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and for better securing the Duties upon Salt, but the same shall continue to be paid and payable on all Fish exported, in such Manner and upon such Terms, and with and under such Regulations, Rules and Indrudlions as the same would have been payable in case this Act had not been made, or any of the said Duties on Salt had not ceased and been determined,

IX. Save only, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to such of the said Bounties and j^cun'

Allowances, as from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and pd L thirty, shall become clue or payable for P'ilh cured in and exported from any Port or Ports in that Part

of Great Britain called England, Dominion of jfaler, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the same shall be paid and payable out of the Moneys arisen or to arise for Salt remaining in the Hands of the respective Collectors of the Duties of Salt or Customs in the Port or Ports where such Fish was exported, or, in.

Default thereof, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise, and remaining in the Hands of the Collectors of the Customs or Subsidies, out of which the Bounties or Allowances for Corn or other Grain exported are now by Law payable; and in case the Collectors of the Customs or the Duties on Salt in any Out port of that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall not have Moneys sufficient in their Hands to pay the said Bounties or allowances arising by the said Duty of threepence per Gallon on foreign Salt, or by Moneys arising by Customs, out of which the Bounties on Corn exported are payable, that then such Collector or Collectors shall give to the Exporter, or the Person impowereb to demand the same (without See or Reward) a Certi -- ficute under Iris Hand, attested by the Comptroller of the same Out port, of what is due to such Exporter for the Fish so exported from such Out port, certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, that he or they have not Moneys in his or their Hands sufficient to pay the same; which!

Certificate being affixed to the Debenture for the pish so exported, and being produced to the said Commissioners at London, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand by the Person that shall bring the same, to cause the Moneys thereby due to be paid in three.

Months by the receiver-general, or Cashier of the Customs for the Time being (without See or reward) out of such. Moneys in his Hands, arising by the said Duty of threepence per Gallon on foreign;

Salt, or by such Customs or Duties as are chargeable with the Payment of the Bounty for the Exportation of Corn or Grain, in hke Manner as" the Debentures for the Bounty on Corn or Grain, exported are now paid or payable; and as to such of the said Bounties and Allowances as shall become due or payable for Fish cured in and exported from any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall continue to be paid or payable in the same Manner and out of the same Duties and Revenues arising in that Part of the said united Kingdom, as the same are now payable there by any Law or Laws now in Being; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

and the same Powers or Obligations for locking up, delivering and accounting, for the same for the cont: nueti curing of Pish to be exported, and the same Penalties and forfeitures for any Offences therein, as was or were granted or enacted by the said Act of the fifth Year of the reign of his said. late Majesty King George the First, and the same Means and Methods for executing, suing for, prosecuting or sgco: i. C i3, recovering the same, except only what relates therein to the Laws of Ifxcise, shall continue and remain in Force in as full and ample Manner as they would have been if this Act had not been made; anything, here'n before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XL. Provided alfq, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Foreign Salt iro.

Customs for the time being, in the same Manner and Form as the Customs or duties arising by the Act of Tunnage and' Poundage; of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles iz Car, 2. C 4. the Second, or by another Law relating to the Customs, are managed, levied, collected or accounted for the necessary charges of Management being foil deducted; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Commissioners'

XII. Provided always, That such Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or their under Officers, and Officers, rotas shall be in the Possession or Execution of their several Offices at the Time when the said duties shall obliged to qualified come, under their. Care or Management, shall not on that Account oath obliged to.qualify them Account'

selves only,

C 20.

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

S,

& 16.

Red Herrings, and Sd. perl rd of White Herrings,

(fives again, as the Laws require all Persons to do, that accept any new Office or Place of Profit or Trull: under tyre Crown, so as they have before that Time duly qualified themselves for the respective Offices they shall then be in tyre Poneflion or Execution of; nor shall they or any of them be liable to or incur any Penalties, Forfeitures or Disabilities for their omitting the same on that Occasion. r. C 4, '

XIII. And whereas by two several Acts of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For taking off the Duty upon all Salt used In curing of Rea Herrings or white Herrings, and for laying proportionable Duties on such Herrings consumed at Home only, one Duty or Rate of one Shilling and eight Pence per Thousand was laid on all rcdherrings cured promiscuously

with Red Herrings designed for Exportation, but afterwards 'delivered out for home Consumption; ' another Duty or Rate of three Shillings and fourpence per Barrel was laid on ail White Herrings cured

promiscuously with White Herrings designed for Exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home Con

and in each of the said Acts there is a Provision, that in case the Duties of Excise on Salt (which then amounted to three Shillings and fourpence per Bushel on home made Salt, and six Shillings and eight Pence per Bushel on foreign Sait) or any of them (hold cease, determine or be redeemed by Parliament, then the respective Rates and Duties thereby imposed (hold cease or be lessened in Proportion to the Duties on Salt, that (hold so cease, determine or be abated.

XIV. And whereas in Consequence of this present Act, four Parts in five of the whole of the said

on Salt, both home made and foreign, computed together, will cease, determine and be abated

from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty Be it therefore further '.a°f 5na<^ed by the Authority aforesaid, That a proportional Part or Parts of the said several Rates and Duties

imposed by the last mentioned Acts on Red Herrings and White Herrings delivered out for home Consumption, that is to say, four Parts in five of each of them shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, cease, determine or be abated, so that the Duties or Rates on such Red or White Herrings shall from thenceforth be charged only after the Rate of fourpence for every thousand of such Red Herrings, and of eight Pence for every Barrel of such White Herrings; and the said reduced Duties shall be paid and payable to the proper Officers of the Customs in the Manner as before is directed concerning the Duty on foreign Salt; and in all other Respects the several Provisions in the same Acts, in Relation to the said Duties or Rates, are hereby ratified and confirmed.

XV. Provided always, That if the Maker or Curer of such Red or White Herrings for home Consumption, at the Time of making the Entry directed by both the said Acts of the eighth Year of the were cured only Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (in order to have the Casks and vessels containing with home made the same, marked, and a Permit from the Officer for the Removal thereof) shall make Oath in Writing he paid! Uty to before the Officer to be appointed for receiving the said Entry (which Oath the said Officer is hereby im powered to administer) that the Red or White Herrings then entered for home Consumption were cured only with Salt of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, without any Mixture of foreign Salt whatsoever, then and in such Case the said Red or White Herrings shall not be charged with any Duty at all; but nevertheless the Casks or Vessels containing the same shall be marked, and such Permit shall be given by the Officer for the Removal thereof, as the said Acts direct, save only that instead of expressing in such Permit, that the Duties had been paid for such Red or White Herrings, the same shall express that such Oath had been made as is before directed; and if it shall afterwards appear, that the said Red or White Herrings, so as aforesaid permitted to be removed without paying any Duty, were cured with foreign Salt or any Mixture thereof, the Maker or Curer thereof shall (over and besides the Penalties or Punishments which he m y suffer by Law for false Swearing or Perjury) be also liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures which are by the said last mentioned Acts respectively laid or imposed on any Offenders, that shall remove Red or White Herrings without Entry, or not paying the said Duties.

XVI. And whereas by the eighth Article of the Treaty of Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, it was (amongst other Things relating to the Duties on Salt, which Scotland was after the Union to be liable to) agreed, That from and after the Union there (hold be allowed five Sliil lings Sterling for every Barrel of Beef or Pork Eked with foreign salt, without Mixture of British or Irtjlo Salt, and exported for Sale from Scotland to Parts beyond Sea, alterable by the Parliament of Great Britain: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An Act for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects, in relation to the D: t 1 tics upon Salt. and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, Fltjh, Oatmeal and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland, it was amengff other 'Firings enacted, That for every Barrel of faked Beef or Pork which (hold be exported for Sale

from any Port of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to Parts beyond the Seas, after the firfc Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, there (hold be for each Barrel the like Allowances as are to be allowed on such Beef and Pork exported from Scotland, to be paid out of the Duties oir Salt: And whereas the gramme

to Scotland the said Allowance on the Exportation of Beef or Pork salted with foreign Salt only, to

which they were immediately after the Union to become liable, and the granting the lame Allowance to England, was to preserve an Equality of Trade in both the Kingdoms, when united; but as in

Consequence of this Act, seven Parts inten of the Diities on foreign Salt will be taken off or be abated,

it is reasonable also that the said Allowances (hold on that Account be reduced and abated also;it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the said Allowances of five Shillings per Barrel on the Exportation of salted Beef or Pork exported for Sale, from any Part of Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, shall be reduced to p Allowance of one Shilling and iix Pence per Barrel, and no more, on all

Beef

Ob Oath of the Curer of Herrings, that the;

; paid.

8 Geo. 1. C fest. 16,

; Ann. C S. Art. 8.

5 Ann. C ?.y.

Allowance for silted Beef or Pork exported reduced to 1 s. t d. per Barrel.

23

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 20.

Beef or Pork faked with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, to be paid out of the same.duties or Revenues, and in the same Manner as the Bounties or Allowances on.fid* exported are hereby before directed to be paid.

XVII. And whereas by an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of their said late Majesties King 4*; 5w

William and Queen Mary, an additional Impost of five Shillings per wcy was laid on Salt imported c. 5'

(except such Salt as shall be used in curing of Fish) and there being no Provision made to ascertain the Quantity of Salt that may be soused Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the After 25 Dee. said twenty-fifth Dayt of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the said Duty of five Shillings ip^ttie^impost per Wey on foreign Saltshall be paid and accounted for in the like Manner and Form, and subject to the on^aithowto7 same Rules and Regulations as the said Duty of threepence per Gallon on Salt shall be paid and account be paid, CD for by this Act; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Foreign Salt not twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, no foreign Saltshall be imported any's&^k'f from Parts beyond the Seas in any Ship or Vessel of less Burden than forty Tuns, and in Bulk only Tonnes

except for the necessary Provisions of the Ships) upon Pain of forfeiting the said Salt and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Person importing the same: Provided always, That nothing here the Powers m contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, determine or any ways alter the Powers to thf

grafted by the said act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William to fct thvpriccs the Third to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and the several Justices of the on Sahconti peace in their several Counties throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town ofnueci berwick upon Tweed, to set from Time to Time the Rates and Prices at which Saltshall be sold, but the same shall continue and remain in full Force and effect, the determining any of the said Duties on Salt, or any other Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas after the ceasing of the said Duties on Salt, many of the Officers and other prosecution Persons employed in the Management of the said Duties, may be disquieted with Prosecutions and against Salt Of ' Actions for what they may have done in the due Execution of their respective Offices, 'Be it enact marclm^j15 ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prosecution or Action shall from and after the twenty-fifth Day seefanbcrlm of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one be brought or commenced by any Person or Persons cermng Salt, whatsoever, against any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons employed in the said Revenue, CC

for anything done by him or them in the Execution of his or their Offices or Employments in the said 14 Ceetifcl22. Revenue. 26 g. 2. C j

XX. And for the preventing or remedying any Injury or Damage which may happen to the Governor & 32* and Company of Merchants of England trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, in Respect of the Diminution of the Produce of the Duties and Revenues, so Quarterly Defies aforesaid charged with their Annuity or yearly Fund of four hundred thousand Pounds, and their said somh seacom annual Allowance of eight thousand Pounds for Charges of Management, by the ceasing and determining pany's Annuity the Duties on home made Salt, included therein; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in cale, to be made good: at the End of any one Quarter of a Year, to be computed at each and every of the four most usual gretatcfuncit Quarters of a Year, from the Feast day of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary in the Year of See farther concur Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the Produce into the Exchequer of the Moneys arising cermng thii com from the several Duties and Revenues, appropriated particularly to discharge the Annuity or Allowance. 2. C r, for Charges of Management to the said south-sea Company, in respect of their original Capital Stock of e Geo'. / if. ten millions, shall not be sufficient, together with the present Provisions by Parliament, for making good lge£" 22s any quarterly Deficiencies therein, to discharge the quarter's Annuity and Allowance that shall then be yca.i. C 17. due in respect of the said ten millions, or so much thereof as shall be unredeemed, then, and in every 9 Geo. 2.' / 3/* such Case, the same shall from Time to Time be made good out of any Moneys which, at the respective ?° V C '?* of such Deficiencies happening, shall be and remain in the Exchequer, of the Moneys arisen or to to Geo. 2. c. 3. arise for the Duties and Revenues commonly called The Aggregate Fund, established by an Act of the §60.

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, which shall be more than sufficient Gn'2 '2i to answer, pay and satisfy what will then be due and demandable for any prior Charges and Encumbrances uvj on the said Aggregate Fund. 3'u f' 7 "

XXI. And for the preventing and remedying any Injury or Damage which may happen to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, in respect of the Diminution that may happen in the Produce of the Duties and Revenues, so as aforesaid charged with their present Annuity or Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, by the ceasing and determining the before mentioned additional Duties on Salt, before or until the said intended Reduction of their said present Annuity or yearly Fund shall take Place, and the same reduced Annuity or yearly Fund be charged upon.

new Duties and Revenues with their Consent, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case at Tte Deficiencies the End of any one Quarter of a Year, to be computed from the Feast of the Annunciation of the bleit conf ai>ftont of ed Virgin Mary in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, until such intended the lani/run i? Reduction shall take Place, and such new Security be provided for the said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund, the Produce into the Exchequer of the Moneys arising from the said additional Duties on Salt, and the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, so as aforesaid particularly charged with the present Annuity or Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, payable to the said United Company, shall not be sufficient, together with the present Provisions by Parliament for making good the Deficiencies thereon, to discharge the quarter's Annuity that shall be then due to them j then and in every such Case, and as often as the same shall happen, such quarterly Deficiencies shall from Time to Time be made good out of any Moneys which at the respective Times of such Deficiencies shall be and remain in the Exchequer, of the Moneys arisen or to arise for the said Duties and Revenues.

24 C 21-23. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

venues commonly called The Aggregate Fund, which shall be more than fuficient to answer, pay and satisfy. what will then be due or demandable for any prior Charges or Encumbrances on though laid Aggregate Fund.

After ^/ind'a

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of company September which shall be, in the Year, of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, in case the fitted Annuities laid intended Reduction of the said Annuity or Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds so as V 'qld outot" aforesaid payable to the said United Company shall then take Place, then and from thenceforth such ruuh.ssres, )te reduced Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Rounds shall be transferred fancemwgjtu from the several Duties and Revenues now charged with the said present Annuity or yearly Fund of one CV pd y jetfar hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and be charged upon and payable out of the Moneys arisen or to nga.i. C 2?.. arise into the Exchequer from Time to Time for the said several Duties and Revenues composing the rj. Geo. 2. c. 17. Aggregate Fund, to be paid and payable to the said United Company or their Successors, by such and the if' quarterly Payments as their present Annuity or yearly Fund is now payable, subject nevertheless to such Redemption by Parliament as is or shall be enacted by any other Act of this present Session of Parliament, and subject to such prior Charges and Encumbrances as are or shall be made by Parliament on the growing Produce of the said Aggregate Fund, before the taking Place of such Reduction. and sitt difcmps

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such Time as the said charged there reduced Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds shall become charged from, on the said Aggregate Fund, then and from thenceforth the said additional Duties on damped Vellum,

Parchment and Paper so as aforesaid charged, together with the said additional Duties on Salt, with their said present Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds shall be discharged therefrom, and also from the said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund and every Part thereof, and shall be deemed a Saving to the Public by such Reduction as aforesaid, and shall go and be applied to such Uses, and for such Purposes as by any other Act of this present Session of Parliament, or any future Act or Acts of Parliament are or shall be from Time to Time directed or appointed concerning the same.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be gen rai Muc fly or pr°fecuted fr anything done or executed in pursuance of this Act or any of the before recited Acts, he or they shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act or any of the said before recited Acts in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded again! such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXV. And whereas by the high Tides or overflowing of the River Mercy at Bank Key in the County of Lancaster, in the Months of September, October, November and December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, nine hundred sixty six Puthels of Rock Salt or thereabouts, belonging to Matthew

Page late of Warrington in the said County of Lancaster, deceased, was consumed, and for securing

Payment of the Duty whereof Bonds were given by him or some Person or Persons on his Behalf; which Bonds have been since paid off and discharged; And whereas the said Matthew Page is X since dead, and Matthau Lion of Warrington aforesaid is his Executor and Representative Now for the Relief of the said Matthau Lion, in Respect of the Duty so paid or secured to be paid, for so much

vhevv Lyoii of Salt as was an confirmed as aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for

Warrington. and in Consideration of the Duty paid or secured to be paid for the said nine hundred sixty six Bushels of Rock Salt so lost and consumed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matthew Lycn to export or dispose of so much Rock Salt, duty free, as the Duties paid or secured to be paid, for the said nine hundred sixty six Bushels did amount unto; any Actor Adds of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Kiddington and Enston to Roll right Lane, and from Enjlnu Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid in the County of Oxon.

PR.

The Tolls took Place the 20th Day of May 1730, and are to have Continuance for 21 Years. Continued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 31.

CAP. XXII.

An act for amending the Acts therein mentioned relating to the making of Bricks.

EXP.

CL Pricks made of Brick Earth and Sea Coal Allies, may be burnt in Clamps, and mixed with Breeze. "Brickmakers liable to the Penalties in 12 Geo. 1. c. 35. and 2 Geo. 2. c. 13. Clauses in the former Acts,

"not hereby altered, continued.'

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act made in the second and third Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the erecting a workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for Jetting the Poor on tvork there. PR. J

"After 1 June 1730, the Act 2 P 3 ann. a, C 8. C ntinued, and the Workhouse, (pc. settled on the "Guardians after9 June '1730. Rates for the Poor not to exceed what has been paid in any of the three tl 'I ears last pall. Guardians not obliged to qualify themselves. Guardians may erect separate work houses; may lease out the present Workhouse, Pc. Poor not maintained in the large Workhouse to - be provided for in their respective Parishes. Saving to the Mayor, Pc. their Hop Market, "

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II.

C. 24, 25.

25:

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for making a new Rond, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road between the Towns of ivifbcch and March, in the I lie of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

PR.

The Toll took Place the first Day of May 1730, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. Continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better Regulation of Juries.

WHEREAS many evil Practices have been used in corrupting of Jurors returned for the Trial 13 FJ. 1. 38.

of iftucs joined to be tried before the Justices of Assize or Nisi prim, and the Judges of the Ef ' '

Great Sessions in Wales, and the Judge or Judges of the seltions for the Counties Palatine of Lan vf.^.' i. ca.

caster, Chester or Durham, and many Neglects and Abuses have happened in making up the Lists of 35 A. 3. hi. 5.

I' rceholders, who ought to serve on such Trials, and many Persons being lawfully summoned to serve 3 ' on Juries have neglected to appear, to the great Injury of many Persons in their Properties and Ef^3, 3 C tates; 'In order to prevent the like Practises, neglects.and Abuses, Be it enacted by the King's most 5 TV. M. Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Com § js mons, in this present Parliament a (Tern bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the frit Lists of Jurors

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the Person or Persons required by a Statute qualified ac

made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Eaje of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries, and by a Clause in another Act C f.

made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making and 3 & 4 Ann. perpetual an Act for the more cafy Recovery offmall Tithes; and also An Act for the more easy obtaining Partition C is. of Lands in coparcenary, Joint Tenancy and Tenancy in Common, and also for making more effectual and

amending several Acts relating to the Return of Jurors, to give in, or who are by Virtue of this Act to make up, true Lists in Writing of the Names of Persons qualified to serve on Juries, in order to aftift them to complete such Lists, pursuant to the Intent of the said Act, shall (upon Request by him or them made to any Parish Officer or Officers who shall have in his or their Custody any of the rates for the tobemade from Poor or Land 'Fax in such Parish or Place) have free Liberty to inspect such Rates, and take from thence paer^tesineach the Name or Names of such Freeholders, Copyholders or other Persons qualified to serve on Juries, an dwelling within their respective Parishes or Precincts for which such List is to be given in and returned, pursuant to the said Acts; and shall yearly and every Year, twenty Days at lead before the Feast of and yearly fixed

Saint Michael the Archangel, upon two or more Sundays, fix upon the Door of the Church, Chapel and upon Church

every other public Place of religious Worship within their respective Precincts, a true and exact List doors of all such Persons intended to be returned to the Quarter sessions of the Peace, as qualified to serve on Juries, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and leave at the same Time a Duplicate of such List with a Churchwarden, Chapelwarden oroverseerof the Poor of the said Parish or Place, to be perused by the Parishioners without Fee or Reward, to the End that Notice may be given of Persons so qualified who are omitted, or of Persons inserted by Mistake who ought to be omitted out of such Lists; and if Persons not any Person or Persons, not being qualified to serve on Juries, shall find his or their Name or Names men qualified may b tioned in such List, and the Person or Persons required to make such List shall refuse to omit him or quarter sefltf them, or think it doubtful whether he or they ought to be omitted, it shall and may be lawful to and ons. for the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division at their respective General Quarter sessions, to which the said Lists shall be so returned, upon Satisfaction from the Oath of the Party complaining, or other Proof, that he is not qualified to serve on Juries, to order his or their Name or Names to be struck out or omitted in such List, when the same shall be entered in the Book to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace for that Purpose, pursuant to the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons required by the said Acts to return or give in, or by Virtue of this Act to make up any such List, or concerned therein, shall wilfully omit out of any such List any Person or Persons whole Name or Names ought to be infeited, or shall wilfully wilfully omir insert any Person or Persons who ought to be omitted, or flull take any Money or other Reward for omitting or inferring any Person whatsoever, he or they so oilending shall, for every Person so omitted wrong Persons, or infeited in such List, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for or "tits, ws' every such Offence, upon Conviction before one or more Justice or Justices of tic PC3.CC of the County,

Riding or Division where such Offender shall dwell, upon the Co me dim of the Offender, or Proof by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses on Oath; one ha'f thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of such Parish or Place for which the said List is returned; and in case such Penalty shall not be paid within five Days after such Conviction, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant or Warrants from one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, returning the Overplus, 'if any there be; and the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Person shall be convicted of such Offence, shall, in Writing under their Hands, certify the same to the Justices at their next General Quarter sessions which shall be held for the County in which the Person or Persons so omitted or inserted sit all dwell, which Justices shall direct the Clerk of the Peace for the «.

Time being to insert or strike out the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as shall by such Certificate appear to have been omitted or inserted in such Lists, contrary to the Meaning of this Act; and Duplicate Duplicates of the said Lists, when delivered in at the Quarter sessions of the Peace, and entered in such tr^nfhfiued w vol. VI ' E Book tyre Sliuiffi

z<y

C 25.

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

Book to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace for that Purpose, shall, during the Continuance of such Quarter sessions, or within ten Days after, be delivered or transmitted by the Clerk of the Peace to the Sheriff of each respective County, or his Under Sheriff, in order for his returning of Juries out of the Paid Lists; and such Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall immediately take case, that the Names of the Persons contained in such Duplicates shall be faithfully entered alphabetically, with their Additions and Places of Abode, in forne Book or Books to be kept by him or them for that Purpose; that every Clerk of the Peace neglecting his Duty therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to such Person or Persons as shall inform or prosecute for the same, until the Party be thereof convicted upon an Indictment before the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, Riding, Division or Precinct.

Penalty on she

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Officer to irt'an^person" vvh°in the Return of Juries shall belong, shall summon and return any Person or Persons to serve on whosehameis any Jury in any Cause to be tried before the Justices of Assize or Nisi print, or Judges of the said Great not in the Du Sessions, or the Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties Palatine, wdiofe Name is not in pheate. ferted in the Duplicates so delivered or transmitted to him or them by such Clerk of the Peace, if any such Duplicate shall be delivered or transmitted, or if any Clerk of Assize, judge's Associate or other

Cleric of Assize Officer shall record the Appearance of any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid, who did not

pearances when really and truly appear, then and in such Case any Judge or Justice of Assize or Nisi priits, or Judge or chepartydirinot Judges of the said Great Sessions, or the Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties Palatine, appear, tope shall and may, upon Examination in a summary way, set such Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff or Under

Sheriff, Clerk of the Assize, judge's Associate or other Officer, for every such Person so summoned and

returned as aforesaid, and for every Person whose Appearance shall be so falily recorded, as the said Judge or Justice of Assize, Nisi print, or of the said Great Sessions, or the Judge or Judges of the sessions for the said Counties Palatine shall think meet, not exceeding ten Pounds, and not less than forty Shillings.

IV. And for preventing Abuses by Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Bailiffs or other Officers concerned in the Justices of Af summoning or returning of Jurors: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Persons shall be iize, C may returned as Jurors to serve on Trials at any Assizes or Nisi print, or at the said Great Sessions, or at the fotretummtrful Sessions for the said Counties Palatine, who have served within the Space of one Year before in the county rors irregularly, of Rutland, or four Years in the County of York, or of two Years before in any other County, not being a County of a City or Town; and if any such Sheriff shall wilfully transgress therein, any Judge or Justice of Assize or Nisi print, or of the said Great Sessions, or the Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties Palatine, may and is hereby required on Examination and Proof of such Offence, in a summary Way, to feta Fine or Fines upon every such Offender as he shall think meet, not exceeding, five Pounds for any one Offence.

Sheriff, C to

V. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff, Under Sheriff or other Officer to whom the Return mer the Names of Juries shall belong, shall from Time to Time enter or register in a Bock to be kept for that Purpose hive served? the Names of such Persons as shall be summoned, and shall serve as Jurors on Trials at any Assizes or Nisi prius, or in the said Courts of Great Sessions, or Sessions for the said Counties Palatine, together And give Certi with their Additions and Places of Abode alphabetically, and also the Times of their Services; and every

fccates. Person so summoned and attending or serving as aforesaid, shall (upon Application by him made to such

Sheriff, Under Sheriff or other Officer) have a Certificate testifying such his Attendance or Service done, which Certificate the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff or other Officer is hereby directed and required to give without Fee or Reward; and the said Book shall be transmitted by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff or other Officer, to his or their Successor or Successors, from Time to Time.

No Money to b

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Officer or Person tafci n to excuse whatsoever, shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or other Reward to excuse any Person Irving! ir°m front serving or being summoned to serve on Juries, or under that Colour or Pretence, and that no Bailiff

or other Officer appointed by any Sheriff or Under Sheriff to summon Juries, shall summon any Person to serve thereon other than such whose Name is specified in a Mandate signed by such Sheriff or Under Sheriff, and directed to such Bailiff or other Officer; and if any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Officer shall wilfully transgress in any the Cases aforesaid, any Judge dr Justice of Assize, Nisi prim or Great Sessions aforesaid, or the Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties Palatine, may and is hereby required, on Examination and Proof of such Offence, in a summary Way, to set penalty, a Pine or Fines upon any Person or Persons so offending as he shall think meet, not exceeding ten Pounds, according to the Nature of the Offence.

VII. And whereas by the said act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and also by another act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, all Constables, Tythingmen and Headboroughs are obliged to give in true Lists at the respective General Quarter sessions of the Peace held for each County, Riding or Division., of the Names and Places of all Persons within their respective Precimfls or Places qualified to serve on Juries, to the Justices of the Peace in open Court, which hath by Experience been found inconvenient and expensive to several Constables, Tythingmen and Headboroughs, such Quarter sef siens being often held at a great Distance from their Abode For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by Constables, C the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred 10 fuhiciibe and thirty, it shall be lawful and sufficient for all or any Constables, Tythingmen or Headboroughs after heir Lists before they shall have made and completed such Lists of Persons qualified to serve on Juries for their respective Parishes cr Preeindts, according to the Manner directed by the before mentioned Atfts and this present Act, to subscribe the same in the Presence of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for each respective

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 25. 27

spective County or Place, and also at the same Time to attest the Truth of such Lists upon Oath to the best of their Knowledge or Belief, which Oath such Justice or Justices respectively are hereby impow ered and required to administer; the said Lists shall (being first signed by the said justices respectively, before whom the same shall be attested on Oath, and subscribed as aforesaid) be delivered by the said Constables, Tylhingmen or Headboroughs to the Chief or High Constables of the Hundreds or Divisions whereunto the same shall respectively belong, who are hereby directed and required to deliver in such Lists to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division at their respective General Quarter sessions in open Court, attestingat the same Time upon Oath their Receipt of such Lists from the Constables, Tythingmen or Headboroughs respectively, and that no Alteration hath been therein made since their Receipt thereof; and the said Lists, so delivered in and attested, shall be deemed as effectual, as if they had been delivered in by the Constables, Tythingmen or Headboroughs for their respective Parishes or Precincts.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day hieri/f, cof

December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, every Sheriff or other Officer to whom the Return Return of Wri>« of the Venire facias juratores, or other Process for the Trial of Causes before Justices of Assize or Nisi prius tomnjxapand in any County in England, doth or shall belong, shall, upon his Return of every such Writ of Venire of Jurors, e. facias (unless in Causes intended to be tried at Bar, or in Cases where a special Jury shall be struck by Order or Rule of Court) annex a Panel to the said Writ, containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode of a competent Number of Jurors named in such Lists as qualified to serve ori Juries, the Names of the same Persons to be inserted in the Panel annexed to every Venire facias, for the Trial of all Issues at the same Assizes in each respective County; which Number of Jurors shall be not lefts than forty-eight in any County, nor more than seventy two, without Direction of the Judges appointed to go the Circuit and sit as Judges of Assize or Nisi prius in such County, or one of them, who are hereby respectively empowered and required, if lie or they see Cause, by Order under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct a greater or lesser Number, and then such Number as shall be so directed shall be the Number to serve on such Jury; and that the Writs of Habeas corporajuratorum, or Dislringas, subsequent to such Writ of Venire facias juratores, need not have inserted in the Bodies of such respective Writs the Names of all the Persons contained in such Panel, but it shall be sufficient to insert in the mandatory Part of such Writs respectively. Corpora separalium personarum in panello huic brevi annexo nominatarum, or Words of the like Import, and to annex to such Writs respectively Panels containing the same Names as were returned in the Panel to such Venire facias, with their Additions and Places of Abode, that the Parties concerned in any such Trials may have timely Notice of the Jurors who are to serve at the next Assizes, in order to make their Challenges to them, if there be Cause; that for the making the Returns and Panels aforesaid, and annexing the same to the respective Writs, no other See or Fees shall be taken than what are now allowed by Law to be taken for the Return of the like Writs and Panels annexed to the same; and that the Persons named in such Panels shall be summoned to serve on Juries at the then next Assizes or Sessions of Nisi prius for the respective Counties to be named in such Writs, and no other.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or other Officer, to whom the Return of Juries for Retynof to the Trial of Causes In the Court of Grand Sessions in any County of Wales do or shall belong, shall, at, ora "* least eight Days before every Grand Sessions, summon a competent Number of Persons qualified to serve

011 Juries, out of every Hundred and Commote within every such County, so as such Number be not less than ten or more than fifteen, without the Directions of the Judge or Judges of the Grand Sessions held for such County, who is and are hereby empowered, if he or they shall see Cause, by Rifle or Order of Court, to direct a greater or lesser Number to be summoned out of every such Hundred and Commote respectively; and that the said Officer and Officers who shall summon such Persons, shall return a List containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode of the Persons so summoned to serve on juries, the first Court of the second Day of every Grand Sessions; that the Persons so summoned or a competent Number of them, as the Judge or Judges of such Grand Sessions shall direct, and no other, shall be named in every Panel to be annexed to every Writ of Venire facias juratores. Habeas corpora juratorum, and Dislringas, that shall be issued out and returnable for the Trial of Causes in such Grand Sessions.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff or other Officer to wlioai and countiej the Return of the Venire facias juratores, or other Process for the Trial of Causes before the Justices of p?laj' "e

the Courts or Sessions to be held for the Counties Palatine of Chejhr, Lancaster or Durham doth belong, casta/cmd Southwest shall, fourteen Days at the least before the said Courts or Scftijns shall respectively be held, summon a ham. competent Number of Persons qualified to serve on Juries, so as such Number be not less than forty-eight nor more titan seventy two, without the Direction of the Judge or Judges of the Courts or Sessions to be held for such Counties Palatine respectively, and shall, eight Days at the least before such Courts or Sessions shall respectively be held, make or cause a List to be made of the Persons so summoned to serve on Juries, containing their Christian and Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode; and the List so made shall forthwith be publicly hung up in the sheriff's Office, to be inspected and read by any Person or Persons whatsoever; that the Persons named in such List and no other, shall be summoned to serve on Juries at the next Courts or Sessions to be held for the said respective Counties Palatine; and the said Sheriff' or other Officer is hereby required to return such List on the first Day of ths Court or Sessions to be held for the said Counties Palatine respectively; and the Persons so summoned, or a competent Number of them, as the Judge or Judges of such Courts or Sessions respectively shall direct and no other, shall b named in every Land to be annexed to every Writ of Venire facias jura

E a 'tores.

C 25. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

tores, 'Habeas corpora juratorum and Dislringas, that shall be issued out and returnable for the Trial of Causes in such Courts or seltions respectively.

Names of Per

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Name of each and every Person fors impanelled who shall be summoned and impanelled as aforesaid, with his Addition, and the Place of his Abode, and delivered' shall be written in several and dillinbl Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being all as near as may be, of to the Marshal equal Size and Bigness, and shall be delivered unto the Marshal of such Judge of Assize or Nijl Prius,

oi the Assize, or of the Paid Great seltions, or of the seltions for the Paid Counties Palatine, who is to try the Causes in

Box itobe" 3 le County, by the Under Sheriff of the said County, or same Agent of his; and shall by Direc

drawn, C tion and Care of such Marshal be rolled up all as near as may be, in the same Manner, and put together in a Box or Glass to be provided for that Purpose; and when any Cause shall be brought on

to be tried, some indifferent Person, by direction of the Court, may and shall in open Court draw out

twelve of the said Parchments or Papers one after another; and if any of the Persons whose Names shall be so drawn, shall not appear, or be challenged and set aside, then such further Number, until twelve Persons be drawn who shall appear, and after all Causes of Challenge shall be allowed as fair and indifferent; and the said twelve Persons so first drawn and appearing, and approved as indifferent, their Names being marked in the Panel, and they being sworn, shall be the Jury to try the said Cause; the Names of the Persons so drawn and sworn shall be kept apart by themselves in some other. Box or Glass to be kept for that Purpose, till such Jury shall have given in their Verdict, and the same is recorded, or until the Jury shall, by Consent of the Parties or Leave of the Court, be discharg

ed; and then the same Names shall be rolled up again and returned to the former Box or Glass, there to be kept with the other Names remaining at that Time undrawn, and so toties quoties, as long as any Cause remains then to be tried.

whae the Jury

XII. Provided always, That if any Cause shall be brought on to be tried in any of the said Courts re have net speiftively, before the Jury in any other Cause shall have brought in their Verdict, or be discharged, it brought in their shall and may be lawful for the Court to order twelve of the Residue of the said Parchments or Papers, others be nt containing the Names of any of the Jurors who (Trail not have so brought in their Verdict, or be drawn. discharged, to be drawn in such Manner as is aforesaid, for the Trial of the Cause which shall be so

brought on to be tried.

Penalty on De

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons, whose Name or Names shall be sofa iters. draw ll as aforesaid, and who shall not appear after being openly called three Times, upon Oath made by some credible Person that such Person so making Default had been lawfully summoned, shall forfeit and pay for every Default in not appearing upon Call as aforesaid (unless some reasonable Cause of his ab fence be proved by Oath or Affidavit, to the Satisfaction of the Judge, who sits to try the said Cause) such Fine or Fines not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, and not less than forty Shillings, as the said Judge shall think reasonable to infiitft or assess for such Default.

Method in case

XIV. Provided always, That where a View strali be allowed in any Cause, that in such Case six f View of the Jurors named in such Panel, or more, who shall bs mutually contented to by the Parties or their Agents on both Sides, or if they cannot agree, shall be named by the proper Officer of the respective Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer at fvejhninjla, or the Grand Session in Wales, and the said Counties Palatine, for the Causes in their respective Courts, or if need be, by a Judge of the respective Courts where the Cause is depending, or by the judge or Judges, before whom the Cause shall be brought on to Trial respectively, shall have the View, and shall be first sworn, or such of them as appear, upon the Jury to try the said Cause, before any' Diawing as aforesaid, and so many only shall be drawn to be added to the Viewers who appear, as shall after all Defaulters and Challenges allowed, make up the Number of twelve to be sworn for the Trial of such Cause.

XV. And whereas some Doubt hath been conceived touching the Power of his Majesty's Courts of " ' Law at Westminster, to appoint juries to be (Truck before the Clerk of the Crown, Master of the Of ' fice, Prothonotaries, or other proper Officer of such respective Courts, for the Trial of Issues depend ing in the said Courts, without the Consent of the Prosecutor or Parties concerned in the Prosecution or Suit then depending, unless such Issues are to be tried, at the Bar of the same Courts Be it declar ln Trials cf If CI and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's /ues at West Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster respectively, upon Motion tkj'n^u'arties0" ma('e on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or on the Motion of any Prosecutor or De judges may or fondant in any Indiffment or Information for any Misdemeanour, or Information in the Nature of <ler a special a ^uo Warranto, depending or to be brought or prosecuted in the said Court of King's Bench, or lwy % in any Information depending or to be brought or prosecuted in the said Court of Exchequer, or on the

Motion of any plaint ft or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants in any Action, Cause or Suit whatsoever, depending or to be brought and carried on in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Fleas and Exchequer, or in any of them, and the said Courts are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon Motion as aforesaid, in any of the Cases before mentioned, to order and appoint a jury to be (Truck before the proper Officer cf each respective Court, for the Trial of any Idee joined in any of the said Cases, and triable by a Jury of twelve Men, in such Manner as special Juries have been, and are usually (Truck in such Courts respectively, upon Trials at Bar had in the said Courts, which said jury so struck as aforesaid, shall be the Jury returned for the Trial of the said Issue.

Person applying

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Person or Party who shall apply for such Jury to be or such jury, " struck as aforesaid) shall bear and pay the Fees for the (hiking such Jury, and shall not have any Allow »4 4!eol a chi8 anc fr die same, upon Taxation ot Cods.

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 26. 2*

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That where any special Jury shall be ordered where/pedal by Rule of any of the said Courts to be struek by the proper Officer of such Court, in the Manner afore Preappointed, 5 said, in any Cause arising in any City, or County of a City or Town, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Under the jury to be' Sheriff of lueh City, or County of a City or Town, shall be ordered by such Rule to bring, or cause to taken out of he brought before the said Officer, the Books or Lids of Persons qualified to serve on Juries within the ^ji^1'irfcn3 same, out of which Juries ought to be returned by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, in like Manner as the q Freeholders Book hath been usually ordered to be brought, in order to the sinking of Juries for Trials at

the Bar, in Causes arising in Counties at large, and in every such Case the Jury shall be taken and struek out of such Books or Lilts respectively.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons having an Estate who arequali in Possession in Land in their own Right, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds or upwards, over fied tobein and above the relcrved Rent payable thereout, such Lands being held by Lease or Leases for the ab £jtesd m t le solute Term of five hundred Years or more, or for ninety-nine Years or any other Term determinable on one or more Life or Lives, the names of every such Person or Persons shall and may, and

are hereby directed and required to be inserted in the respective Lists as aforesaid, in order to their being inserted in the Freeholders Book; and the Persons appointed to make such Lists are hereby directed to insert them accordingly; and such Leaseholder or Leaseholders shall and may be summoned or impanelled to serve on Juries, in like Manner as Freeholders maybe summoned and impanelled by Virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, and be fob ject to the like Penalties for nonappearance; any Law, Statute, Use or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs of the City of London for the time being, shall not impanel or return any Person or Persons to try any Illae joined in any of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pieas, and Exchequer, or to be or serve on any Jury at the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery or Sessions of the Peace, to be had or held for the said City of London, who shall not be an Housholder within the said City, and have Lands, Tenements or Personal Estate, to the Value of one hundred Pounds; and the same Matter and Cause alleged by way of Challenge, and so found, shall be taken and admitted as a principal Challenge, and the Person or Persons so challenged, shall and may be examined on Oath of tyre Truth of the said Matter,

[Return of juries

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs or other Officers, to whom the returning of Juries doth or shall belong, for any County, City or Place respectively,

shall not impanel or return any Person or Persons to serve on any Jury for the Trial of any Capital in Capital Cases,

Offence, who at the Time of such Return would not be qualified in such respective County, City or Place, to serve as Jurors in Civil Causes for that Purpose.; and the same Matter and Cause alleged

by way of Challenge, and so found, shall be admitted and taken as a principal Challenge, and the Person or Persons so challenged, shall and may be examined on Oath of the Truth of the said Matter. This Act to be

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be openly read once in every Year at the General Quarter atece'j Sessions to be held for every County, City or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England ofoa.rter" e L and Wales, next after the twenty-fourth Day of 'june, Continuation.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Mgcpcrpavaliy Force until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and from thence to scefhi cter, '37' the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.'24CQa. <. is.

29 Gl'5, 2. C 19.

cap; XXVI

An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade.

WHEREAS the Shipping employed in the Coal Trade has for many Years pall laboured under great Difficulties, and been in a very declining State, whereby that valuable Nursery of Seamen has been much impaired, 'and without some speedy Relief, will be in great danger of Ruin; and whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Explanation and better Exec. 21.'y

cation of former Acts made touching Watermen and wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames, and for porformer the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, jvkerrymcn and Lightermen, upon the said River concerning Coals

Gravesend and ivindfor, many Persons keeping Wharves, and others dealing in Coals, are re r'fcr9 5-

strained from carrying the same from and to any Part of the River Thames, in their own Lighters, or, 6 & 3 gl. s,

other Boats; and whereas several Lightermen have exabled unlawful Premiums or Rewards for vend cf some Sorts of Coals in Preference to others, and have refused to make their Notes, given in Pay f£ar'p cs

ment for the same, for Value received, and have become Crimps or Fabtors to the Mailers of Coal

Ships, at the same Time they are Buyers of Coals on their own Account, all which have been found C 13.

by Experience to be greatly prejudicial to the Navigation and Coal Trade, injurious to the Publick, rg^11 #'

detrimental to the Mailers and Owners of Ships employed in that Trade, and have tended to a Mos Am. C 4.

£ ntpoly thereof; and whereas there have been great Abuses in the measuring of Sea Coals by many9Wnr. C 6, 22 Dealers there'n, whereby the fair Traders have been much injured, and the Consumers imposed on:

For Remedy whereof, and to prevent the like Evils for the future. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and g.nfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal ani 5 gv». 1.1.9. Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and s gt0 i c' after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, it shall and may fie law

G. 26.

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

Act?: 24 June 1730. Dealers io Cofllt may use their own

Lighten.

lii^viters to be Vntied,

marked,

full to and for any Person or Persons, who now do or hereafter shall keep any Wharf or Wharves on the River Thames, or on any Creek or Branch thereof, and for any other Person or Persons, who now do or hereafter shall trade or deal in Coals or other Goods, to keep, use and employ their own Lighters, Barges, and other Craft, in and for the carrying of Coals and other Goods, to and from any

Ship or other Vessel, in the River Thames, and to and from any Wharf, Dock, Creek or other Place whatsoever - or near the said River where such Goods might, before the making of this Act, be lawfully landed or shipped off, by any Lighterman or other Person, so as the Person or Persons, who shall be employed in rowing or navigating any such Lighter, Barge or other Craft, be such as by the Laws now in Being, is or are duly qualified to row or navigate the same on the River Thames any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all and every Person or Persons (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen) who shall by Virtue of this Act become entitled to use, keep, work or employ his, her or their own Lighter or Lighters, or other great Craft for carrying Coals or other Goods on the River Thames, shall before his, her or their so working, using or employing the same, make or tender, before the said Company of Watermen and Lightermen, or some proper Officer, which the said Company are hereby required to appoint for this Purpose, an Entry or Entries of such their respective Lighter or Lighters or other Craft, designed to be used, kept, worked or employed as aforesaid; each of which Entries such Officer shall receive from the Persons making such Entries, for tha use of the Company, live Shillings and no more; and thereupon such Officer shall forthwith register tyre same in a Book or Books to be kept by him, on the Part of the said Company for that Purpose, together with the owner's Name or Place of Abode, and the Number or Mark intended to be affixed or described on such Lighter or Lighters, or other great Craft respectively; and after such Entry made or tendred to be made, such Owner or Owners respectively shall affix or describe. cause or permit to be affixed or described, such Number or Mark in Metal or Colours, on the outside of the said Lighter or Lighters or other great Crafr, visible above Water when fully loaded, there to remain without Alteration (except with con sent of the Company, or in Cases of involuntary Accidents) and that until such Entry made or such 'Lender thereof, and such Number or Mark affixed or described thereon, such Owner or Owners shall not be entitled to use, work or employ such his Lighter or Lighters or other great Craft, in any other Manner than he or they might lawfully do before the making of this Act; and that from and after such Entry made and registered, and such Number or Mark being affixed or described as aforesaid, such Lighter or Lighters or other great Craft, and the Owner or Owners thereof shall be subject and lia and futjeft to ble, in respect of such Entries, Registers, Numbers or Marks, to such Orders, Rules or Constitutions the Rules of the as are or shall be made by the said Company, in regard to the Entries, Numbers or Marks, of or Company on le Lighters or other great Craft, belonging to Lightermen free of the said Company, and no other.

Buyers of Coals

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty for Sale acting fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and thirty, no Lighterman or other Buyer of Coals Mattersfmploy fr. Sale, nor any f their Partners, Agents or Servants, or any in Trust for them, shall act as a

ing them. Crimp, Agent or Factor, for any Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel importing Coals into the

Port of London; and that every Lighterman and other Buyer of Coals for Sale, his or their Partner, Agent or Servant, who shall after the said twrenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, act as a Crimp, Agent or Factor, for selling of Coals for any Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and

pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and that every Maher of a Ship, who shall after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, employ any Lighterman or other Buyer of Coals for Sale, or his or their Partner, Agent or Servant, or any in trust for them, knowing him to be to forfeit aoo 1. such, to be his Crimp, Agent or Factor, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

IV. And whereas in and by a Clause in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to disjolve the present, and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships and others, to advance the Price of Coals in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, it is enacted, That if any Lighterman or Lightermen, Master or Masters of Ships, Crimp, Coal Factor or other Person or Persons buying or selling or dealing in Coals, or otherwise concerned in the Coal Trade, by him or themselves, his or their Agent or Servant, or any other Person or Persons, shall at any Time or Times from and after the first Day of June aforesaid, receive or take for the Use or Benefit of such Lighterman or Lightermen, Master or Masters of Ships, Crimp, Coal Factor or other Person or Persons, any Salary, Gratuity, Reward, Allowance, Sum or Sums of Money, from any Coal Owner, Fitter, Master of Ships, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, for contracting, buying, vending, selling or disposing of any particular Sorts of Coals, in Preference of any other Sorts of Coals, or for the loading of any Ship or Vessel, or for the Dispatch, Delivery or Dispofsl of the Coals from on Board of any Ship or Ships or Vessels, before other Ship or Ships or Vessels, or shall knowingly sell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, every Person offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; but the Remedy provided by the said recited Clause, having been found ineffectual to prevent the Mischiefs and Inconvenien receiving Gra ' cies therein mentioned, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who Oyiiis ier Con from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty shall take or re "vg ceive any Premium, Gratuity, Reward, Sum or Sums of Money or Allowance in Coals, or in Account

9 Ann. C 28.

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 26. 31

or otherwise, from any Coal Owner, Fitter or Matter of a Ship, or any of their Agents or Servants,

for contracting, buying, vending or disposing of any particular Sort of Coals, or shall otherwise offend

contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the above recited Clause of the said Act, shall over and

above the Penalty inflicted by the said Act for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and that every Coal Owner or Fitter, who shall after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, by himself or themselves, his or their Agent or Servant, give or

agree to give to any Shipmatter, Lighterman, Crimp or Buyer of Coals, or to any of their Agents or

Servants, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for such Shipmatter, Lighterman, Crimp or Buyer of

Coals, any Premium, Salary, Gratuity, Reward, Sum or Sums of Money, or any Allowance in Coals,

or in Account or otherwise, for contracting, buying, vending, selling or disposing of any particular Sort

of Coals, or for the loading of any Ship or Vessel with such Coal owner's Coals, or for the Dispatch,

Delivery or Disposal of such Coals from such Coal Owners Collieries or Staiths, and every Per selling one

tonne who shall knowingly sell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not; every such for another^to

Coal Owner, Fitter or Person so offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit 500).'

for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

V. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed mayimpioylit to extend to prevent or hinder any Coal Owner from employing or giving any Salary, Gratuity tersandcrimps or Reward to any Fitter or Sitters for the vending, selling and disposing of his Coals from his not being lign coiiiery and Staiths, or to prevent or hinder any Matter or Owners of any Ship or Vessel using ttrm<?n'

the Coal Trade, from employing Crimps or Factors (not being Lightermen or Buyers of Coals for Sale, or any of their Partners, Agents, Servants, or any in Trust for them) to sell or aifpose of their respective Loadings of Coals, or pay them Crimpage or Factorage as has usually been paid.

VI. And for making more effectual all Agreements between Shipmasters and Buyers of Coals for contrasts to be the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day fcnribed by Buyer of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all Bargains or Contracts for Coals, between Buyer and Seller, and Seller at the Market of Billingsgate or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, shall

by the Crimp or Fadlor, who has the Disposal of such Coals, be fairly entered with the Conditions thereof, in the Pocket or other Book of such Crimp or Fadlor, subscribed by the Seller and the Buyer, and witnessed by the said Crimp or Factor, of which Bargain or Contract the said Crimp or Fadlor shall at the same Time deliver gratis, a Copy by him attested to the Seller and Buyer respectively; the said Entries so made and subscribed, and the said Copies so given and attested, shall be admitted as Evidence on Trials in any Court of Law whatsoever; if any Crimp or Fadlor shall neglect or refuse to enter such Bargain or Contract, and to subscribe and attest the lame, or shall refuse to give Copies thereof as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied. Penalty; recovered and disposed of, as any other Penalties or Forfeitures, above the Sum of five Pounds, are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered and disposed of.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all Lightermen and other Buyers of, or Contractors for, Coals on Board of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, shall at the Time of the Delivery of such Coals, either pay for the same in ready Money, or for such Part thereof as shall not be lo paid for,

shall give their respective Promissory Note or Notes of their Hands for Payment thereof, expressing

therein the Words Value received in Coals, payable at such Day or Days, Time or Times, as shall for The Form ef that Purpose be agreed upon between such Lighterman or other Buyer of or Contractor for Coals, and ^cus*"01* the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or his Agent or Factor on his Behalf; and that all such C 5 Notes, in case of Nonpayment at the respective Days and Times therein mentioned, shall and may be protested or noted in such Manner as Inland Bills of Exchange may now be; and in Default of such protesting or noting by any Indorsee, and Notice thereof given by such Indorsee to the respective in dorfor or Indorsors, within twenty Days after such Failure of Payment, such respective Indorsor or in dorfors, to whom such Notice shall not be given, shall not be chargeable with or liable to answer or pay such Sum of Money, as shall be mentioned to be payable in or by such Note or Notes, nor any Part thereof; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Lightermen, or other Buyers of or Contractors for refuting to givs Coals, who shall after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty refuse to themiodeits give their Note or Notes for Coals to them reflectively delivered, and Avail refuse to infeit the said ceo. t. C it. Words, Value received in Cords, and every such Matter, who shall take any such Note from any Dealer in feet, 6,

Coals, in which Note the Words Value received in Coals are not expressly inserted, such Lightermen, Buyers of or, Contractors for Coals, and Matters shall for every such Refiifal or Acceptance respectively forfeit and' pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And whereas the Matters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade are for the most part invested both with the grand Bill of Sale and pottefiion of such Ship or Ships, as he or they are Matters of,

by which Means many ill disposed Matters, although they hold but small Parts in their own Right,

refuse to observe and obey the Directions of their Owners, or to render an Account when thereunto required; neither can they (as the Law now (lands) be compelled so to do, without tedious and expensive Suits in Chancery For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Matters of vef from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, every Matter f'l/dal'.nsjta of a Ship or Vessel using the Coal Trade, shall be subject to the Direction of the Owner or Owners founts to uie of the major Part of his Ship or Vessel, and shall keep, and once a Year render to such Owner or owners, fenert Owners, if required, a true, plain, just and perfect Account in Writing of the Produce and Expense of 2cgj every respective Voyage he or they shall make within such Year in such Ship or Vessel; and that in case e°'j, c'

OC.

26.

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

the Allowance called j/igrain to forfeit jool.

any such Mailer shall refuse or neglect to observe and obey the Directions of such Owner or Owners, given under his or their Hands in Writing, or shall refule to give such Account, being likewise thereunto required by an Order in Writing under his or their Hands, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, That in such Directions there be nothing contained which shall relate to the restraining or inhancing the Price of Coals in the River of Thames, or to keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there.

X. And whereas by ancient Custom in the Port of London, one Chaldron of Coals is allowed in to every Score bought on board Ship, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, which is 'called Ingrain, notwithstanding which many Persons dealing in Coals do load the same from on board Ship bare Measure, without the aforesaid Ingrain, to the great Injury of the Consumer; 'it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lightermen and other Persons dealing in Coals, who shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, fell to any Person or Persons any Parcel or Quantity of Coals as and for Pool Measure, videlicet, such Measure as is usually given or allowed in the Pool or River Thames, including the aforesaid Ingrain, and shall not justly and without Fraud deliver to such Person or Persons, Buyers or Contumers thereof, the full Quantity of Coals so sold, and accordingly measured from onboard Ship to such Lighterman or oth.r Dealer in Coals, by the Metre, together with the Ingrain thereof, such Lighterman or other Dealer in Coals shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL. And for the better discovering and preventing Frauds and Abuses in the measuring of Coals, and the Encouragement of the fair Trader therein. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all Coals which shall be landed at any Wharf, Dock, or other landing Place on the River Thames, of on any Creek or Branch adjacent or near thereto, and which shall be carried to any Place or Places within the Cities or Suburbs of London or Westminster, or the Bills of Mortality, in any Car, Cart, Wagon, or other Carriage of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be carried to the respective Buyers thereof in Linen Sacks, sealed and marked with white Paint in Oil at Guild hall, London, or at the Exchequer Office at Westminster, by the proper Officer there; which Sacks shall be full four Eeet and two Inches in Length, and six and twenty Inches in Breadth, after they shall be made; which Sacks all Dealers in and Carriers of Coals shall use for Carriage of Coals within the Limits aforesaid, and no others, and all Makers of Coal Sacks shall make them of the aforesaid Dimensions at the least; and that every Dealer in and Carrier of Coals, who shall from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty, make use of any other Sack or Sacks for Carriage of Coals within the Limits aforesaid, shall for every Sack he or they shall so make use of, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That this at, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be from ufins' such con^rue^ to extend to prevent or hinder any Confmner of Coals from fetching or carrying home his Sacks" 5 UC1 own Coals by Porters, or in his own or hired Carts, Wagons or other Carriages, without being obliged to use such Sacks, as are herein before directed and described; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: Day of au gujl one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all Dealers in and Sellers of Coals by the Chaldron or lefier Quantity, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within ten Miles round the same, shall con ftautly keep and use at their respective Wharves, Warehouses, and other Places for the Sale of their Coals, a lawful Bushel, such as is described in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by slopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in the County of Essex, and fer ascertaining the Coal Measure, with which Bushel all such Dealers in and Sellers of Coals, shall justly or cause all the Coals they shall so fell by the Chaldron or lefier Quantity, to be measured, and lnalj put three Buftiels of Coals so justly measured into each Sack before described, which said Sacks they shall use, and no other, for the Carriage of such Coals to the Buyers thereof; and that all such Dealers in and Sellers of Coals within the said Limits, who from and after the first Day of yluguft one thousand seven hundred and thirty shall not constantly keep and use such a Bushel and such Sacks, as herein before described, and no other, or shall net so fill their Coal Sacks from i'ueh Bushels, or shall otherwise offend against the true Intent and Meaning of this A dr, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty on using Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Servant or Servants of such Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall, from and other Measures, after the first Day of Act guff one thousand seven hundred and thirty, fill such Coals into Sacks, jyvithoiit first duly measuring the lame by such Bushel, such Servant or Servants shall for every such Offence be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, nor less than fourteen Days.

XIV. And forasmuch as it hath hitherto been usual for Coal Bushels and smaller Measures to be marked or sealed with a hot Iron on the Wood thereof, and that ill disposed Persons, before they have ironed and fitted such Bushels and small Measures for work and use, have cut away the upper Parts thereof, so as they did not contain so much as the Law directs for Remedy whereof, and to prevent Measures tote such ill Practises for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons dealing fwed or stamp in Coals, and using Coal Buftiels and smaller Measures, shall before they presume to use the f ine, have them fitted for work and use with Iron or Copper, and after they are so fitted shall carry them to the guilihall London, or to the Exchequer Office at Westminster, to be sealed or stamped by the proper Officer there, with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Iron or Copper Hoop and Strap, which Measures shall be by them respectively kept without any Alteration, and lb used at their, respective Places of Sale of

Coal Sacks to be sealed and marked.

Dimension of the Sacks.

See 32 Geo. 2. c. 27.

Penalty. Consumers of

What shall be deemed lawful Coal Bushels, &c.

12 Ann. Stat. C 17.

C

33

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 27.

their Coals, which Places of Sale are hereby declared to be the respective Wharves, Warehouses, Docks, '

Sheds, Cellars, or other Repositories, for the Coals of such Persons as are Dealers therein, and that all Persons dealing in Coals, who shall from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty offend herein, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and that all Persons who shall, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty, alter and make less any such Bushel or other Measure, or any of the Sacks before mentioned, after the same have been sealed or marked as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Penalty.

Pounds.

XV. And for the better Discovery of the Offences herein before mentioned, Be it further enacted by offenders lithe Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall be guilty of any of the Offences declared by this t!ys a a Act, and shall, within six Calendar Months after such Offence shall be committed, make an effectual otherobfendtrs, Discovery of any Coal Owner or Coal Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of a Colliery or Collieries, or acquitted.

of his or their Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants, or of his, their or any of their Sitters, Officers or Clerks, or of any Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Lighterman, Crimp, Coal Fadlor, or Seller or Retailer of Coals, or other Person concerned in the Coal Trade, who shall have committed any Offence contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, so as he, they or any of them shall be convicted of any such Offence, such Person making such Discovery shall he, and is hereby fully discharged ofand from the Paid Penalties and Forfeitures for all such Offences by him before that Time committed, and shall also be entitled to have and receive the same Benefit and Advantage from such Discovery and Conviction, as any other Person shall in the like Case be entitled to by Virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures for Offences in this Act mentioned, above the Sum of five Pounds, shall be one Moiety be levied, thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall inform and sue for the same within the Space of six Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall be committed, to be recovered with double Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance given; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences in this Act mentioned, of or under the Sum of five Pounds, shall be recovered by way of Complaint made unto the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, or any one Justice of the Peace within the City of London and Liberties thereof, or one Justice of the Peace of the several and respective Counties and Places where such Offender or Offenders shall live, who are hereby required to call the Parties before them, and to hear and examine such Complaint upon Oath, which by Virtue of this Act is to be by him administered, and upon due Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Forfeitures accordingly; the one Moiety thereof to be to and for the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and in case such Forfeitures shall not be forthwith after such Conviction or Convictions paid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of such offender's Goods and Chattels b Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of London, or such Justice of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, ren dring the Overplus, if any shall be, to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress or Distresses such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, and not less than fourteen, there to be kept to hard Labour.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken publickadt. to be a public Adito all Intents and Purposes, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Conceding cons Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded or set forth. " fgfa "ber\f

o Geo. 2. c. 32. (which is made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.) II Geo. 1. C IJ. 13 Geo. 2. c. 21. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35. iqg;, z.j. 3j.

2z Geo. 2. c. 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 31 c?ca. 2. C 13. 32.g1-5. 2. C 27. 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

---

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[2 Geo. 2. c. 22.]

---

intituled An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it Should be lawful for any Person or Persons, charged in Execution for any Forfirmer Lawr Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one hundred Pounds, after the twenty 'relating bento,

fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, within the Prison of the Marshalsea, 3'

or County Gaol of Surrey, and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred 43'e). C

twenty-eight, in any other Gaol or Prison, to exhibit a Petition to any of the Courts of Law from 19 cgr ac 4 ' whence the Process issued, upon which he, she or they was or were taken or charged in Execution, in 13 Car'"

the Manner by the said Act directed; which Court is thereby required, by Order or Rule of Court,

to cause the Prisoner to be brought up, and the several Creditors at whose Suit he, she or they Hood charged, to be summoned to appear personally or by their Attorney in Court, and upon any of their Neglect or Refusal to appear, upon Affidavit of the due Service of such Rule and Older, such Court 1 Should in a luminary Way examine into the Matter of the said Petition, and alto administer to such

the Oath in the said Act mentioned and directed to be administered upon such Examination as aforesaid: whereas it hath been found inconvenient to bring Prisoners up to the Courts in Westminster hall from Prisons that are at a great Distance from thence, as the said Act directs, by reason

Vo u VLF 'of

C 27.

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

Notice to their Creditors, that they design to petition the Court.

S Geo. 2. c. 24.

Prisoner, by rule of Court, to be brought to the next Assizes

paid.

Creditors to be summoned

the great Difficulties and Expenses which attend the same Therefore for remedying the said in conveniences, and to the Intent that the Creditor or Creditors may be the better enabled to inquire into the true State of the Real and Personal Estate of any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be in Execution as aforesaid, on his, her or their Account, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament Prisoners inexe assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Trinity Term next eunon to jive ensuing, before any Prisoner or Prisoners being in any Prison (except such who are in the Prisons in the Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark) shall petition any of the Courts in Westminster hall from whence the Process blued, upon which he, she or they was or were charged in Execution, in such Manner as the said Act: mentions, such Prisoner or Prisoners shall give or cause to be given a Writing, importing Notice to the several Creditors, at whose Suit he, she or they shall stand charged as aforesaid, that he, she or they doth or do intend to petition the Court from whence the Process issued. which he, she or they was or were taken in Execution, and also a true Copy of the Account or Schedule in Writing of his, her or their whole Real or Personal Estate, which he, she or they doth or do intend to deliver into any such Court, the said Notice to be left with or served upon the said Creditor or Creditors, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or some or one of them, or his or their Attorney or Agent employed in such Cause or Causes, for which he, she or they shall be imprisoned.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon such Petition made by any.prisoner or Prisoners to any of the said Courts from whence the Process issued, such Court is hereby required to make a Rule to cause the Prisoner or Prisoners to be brought, at an Expense not exceeding twelve Pence

Expences there a Mile, to be paid to the Officers out of the Eflfeds of the Prisoner, and in case the Prisoner has not of how to be sufficient Effects, then to be repaid by the Treasurer of the County out of the County Stock, to the next Assizes to be holden for the County or Place where he, she or they shall be imprisoned, if the same shall be within that Part of Great Britain called England, and if within the Principality of Wales or County Palatine of Chester, then such Prisoner or Prisoners shall be brought to the next Great Sessions to be held for the County where he, she or they shall be imprisoned; and tyre several Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner or Prisoners shall stand charged as aforesaid, shall also be summoned to appear at the said next Assizes or Great Sessions personally, or by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys, by Rule or Order of the Court from whence the Process issued, to be served on such Creditor or Creditors, or to be left at his, her or their dwelling house or usual Place of Abode, thirty Days at the least before such Assizes or Great Sessions.

III. And it shall be lawful for the Judges of Assize or Great Sessions, or one of them, and he and they are hereby required to appoint a Time for hearing the Matter upon the said Petition at and during such Assizes or Great Sessions; and upon Appearance of the Creditors so summoned, or in Default thereof, upon Affidavit of their being so summoned, and duly served with such Notice, and Copy of Account of such prisoner's Real and Personal Estate as aforesaid, and also with the Rule or Order of Court

The Cause to be for their Appearance at such Assizes or Great Sessions, the said Judge or Judges shall in a summary Way. ntiry wayfum" famine into the Matter of such Petition, and hear what can or shall be alleged on either Side for or! ' against the Discharge of such Prisoner, upon which Examination the said Judge and Judges is and are

empowered and required to administer or tender to such Prisoner the Oaths in the said recited act directed and appointed to be taken by any Prisoner before the Judges of the Court out of which the Process upon, which such Prisoner was taken in Execution issued; the said Judge or Judges of Assize or Great Sessions shall give such Judgement, Relief and Directions as the Court out of which the Process issued for the taking of such Prisoner in Execution might or ought to have given before the making of this a6ij. Judgments to be which Judgement, Relief and Directions, by the said Judge or Judges of Assize or Great Session so given lord on Re' as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been made in the Court put of which the Process issued on which such Prisoner was taken in; Execution; and the like Proceedings shall be had thereupon, and a Record of such Judgement shall be made up in the same Form, and returned and certified under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Judges before whom it shall be made, unto the Court from when the Process on which such Prisoner was taken in Execution issued, to be a Record of the said Court, and to be kept as such ampngft the other Records there.

Judges of Wales

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Judges of the Great Sessions in Wales, and the Judges havectheftmce° ie County Palatine of Chester, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall and they hereby have the Power within same Cognizance, Power, Authority and Jurisdiction for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the im their own Pre prisonment of their Persons, who shall be imprisoned within their respective Precincts, by Virtue of any Execution to be issued out of their respective Courts, and to proceed in the same Manner concerning the Discharge of such Debtor or Debtors, and to give the same Judgement, Relief and directions relating thereto, as the said Courts in Westminster hall are empowered and directed to do By the said herein before recited at.

V. And whereas diverse Rules or Orders may have been made by the Courts of Law in Westminster hall for the bringing up of Prisoners, pursuant to the said recited at, from Prisons at great Distance from the Cities of London and Westminster, which have not been obeyed by the respective Sheriffs or Gaolers in whose Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners then were, by reason of the great Expense Orders made for attending the same Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Rules or Orders as have hrioginc prison been made by any of the Courts in Westminster Hall, for bringing up of such Prisoners to any such Courts, ft?r?iall?acat" and Attachments and Proceedings thereon, be and the same are hereby discharged and made void; and ed. that all Sheriffs and Gaolers be and are hereby protedled and indemnified against all Actions that are or shall be brought against them, or any of them, for not obeying such Rules or Orders.

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 28. 35

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act the Officers are restrained from carrying any Person or Per '4 fons by them arrested to any Gaol or Prison within twenty-four Hours from the Time of such Arrest;

several Persons, who have been arrested, refusing to be carried by the Officers to any House whatsoever, to be kept in safe Custody during that Time, have kept the Officers abroad with them in

the nighttime, and thereby have found Means to make their Escapes from such officers be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, after the first Day of Trinity Term Prirorerrefufirg next, shall be arrested or in Custody of any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Sergeant at Mace or other oticerto fonie Officer or Minister whatsoever, by Virtue of any Writ, Process or Warrant, and such Person or Persons Hour.., toi.ecarlo arrested shall refuse to be carried to some safe and convenient dwelling house of his, her or their own ricd toprifoo. Nomination and Appointment, so as such dwelling house shall be within a City or Market town, in

case such Person or Persons shall be there arrested, or, if such Arrest shall be made out of any City or Market town, then within three Miles from the Place where such Arrest shall be made, and so as such House be not the House of the Person arrested, provided it be within the same County and Liberty, that Continued and

then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Sheriff or other Officer or Minister to convey or carry the C -

or Persons so refusing to such Gaol or Prison, as he, she or they is or are liable to be sent to by e farther, 'iy Virtue of such Writ or Process j anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. ygn. z. C 23.

---

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

[3 & 4 Ann. c. 5.]

---

intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on I Fines

and Merchandizes imported, all Rice of the Growth or Production of the English Plantations in America, Asia or Africa, is obliged to be imported into England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or to some other of the said Plantations, under such Securities and Penalties as other enumerated Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said Plantations are subject to by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second,

[

intituled, An Act for encouraging and 11 Car 1 C l3, increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or by another Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the 35 Car. 2. C 7.

Reign of the said late King,

[

intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland

and for the better securing the Plantation Trade:

+And whereas His Majesty's Province of Carolina in America has by Experience been found to be a proper Soil for producing Rice to very great Perfection, and for many Years last past the Produce thereof has increased; it is reasonable to expect, that not only the Produce thereof in those Parts, but also the Exportation thereof would be greatly increased, for the mutual Benefit of this Kingdom and the said Province, if (notwithstanding the Laws relating to Navigation and Trade to and from the Plantations) Liberty or Licence were granted for Ships built in and sailing from Great Britain, to load Rice in the said Province, and to carry the same directly to any Ports of Europe lying Southward of Cape Finiferre, without bringing the same first to Great Britain,

4 as the said Laws now require, whereby the same will arrive at such Ports more seasonably and in better Condition for the Consumption thereof, and prevent their being supplied with the same Commodity from other countries for this End, and for providing proper Securities for your majesty's Duties, and for preventing any Prejudice or Damage to this Nation, which might happen thereby from any other unlawful Commerce between the Plantations and any other foreign Countries, as to any other enumerated Commodities, or otherwise 5 May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty, aft? & Ann. so far as the same extends to the making of Rice of the Growth and Produce of his Majesty's Plan Rice aitenume tations in America an enumerated Commodity, shall be and is hereby ratified and confirmed, as to all rated Commodi persons, Ships, Vessels or Places, in all Respects whatsoever, except only as to such of the said Rice as ty confirmed; by this Act shall be permitted or allowed to be exported from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in Ame c^rxna!^0 rica, by such Persons, and in such Ships and Vessels, and to such foreign Countries and Places, and under such Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein after particularly described, appointed, limited and enacted for that Purpose.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep After m September one thousand seven hundred and thirty it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any of the becarr^ddireft acts aforesaid, or any other Act of Parliament, for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in any Ship or Vessel iy to any Part of built in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navi Europe south gated according to Law, that shall clear outwards in any Port of Great Britain for the Province of Ca pt^c°rre ape rolina in America, to ship or load Rice in the said Province, and to carry the same directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finiferre, without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Britain, the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, before (lie clears outwards from Great Britain, first taking a Licence under the Hands of the on Licence, Cer of of the Customs for the Time being, or any three of them, for the loading and carrying and the same from the said Province of Carolina directly to some Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finiferre, upon a Certificate, from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Licence shall

Anno tertio Georgii II.

Before Rice be put on board at Carolina, Matter to deliver his Licence to Collector, C

Merchant to make Entry, and to take out a Cocquet; and endorse, the Quantity

for false. Entry, C

matter's Duty, on Return of the Ship to Great Britain.

The Officers in Carolina to transmit a Copy of the Endorsement, to ascertain the Half subsidy.

28.

A.D. 1730.

be desired, certifying that Bond has been given, with one or more sufficient Security, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of Jess Burden than one hundred Tuns, and the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship shall be of that or a greater Burden, that no Tobacco, Sugars, Cotton, Wool, Indigo, Ginger, Fustick or other dying Wood, Melasses, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, Marts, Yards, Bowsprits, Copper Oar, Beaver Skins or other Furs, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any British Plantations in America, shall be loaden or taken on Board such Ship or Vessel at Carolina, or any other of his Majesty's Plantations in America, unless it be for the necessary Provisions of the Ship in their Voyage; and that such Ship or Vert'd shall proceed diredfly with all the Rice that shall be so loaden on board such Ship, by virtue of such Licence, to some Port of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and there land the said Rice, and that such Ship, after landing the said Rice, shall proceed for Great Britain before (he returns to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, and in case the Master or other Person shall not, within four Months after his Arrival at such Port, produce a Certificate of having landed and discharged the said Rice so taken on board in the said Province of Carolina, at such Port, which Certificate is to be under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul, or where rhere is no Consul, to be under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants residing in the Port or Place where such Rice shall be landed; otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited to his Majesty. shall and may be sued and prosecuted in any of the Courts of Record in Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any Rice be loaden or put on board any Ship or Vessel at Carolina, by Virtue of the said Licence, to be carried to Tome Part of Europe to the Southward of cape Fiuijlerre, the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, before, his Departure out of tyre said Province of Carolina, deliver to the Collector of the Port where such Ship is to take in her Lading, the said Licence, signed by the said Commissioners of the Customs, and a Certificate of such Bond having been given in Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall declare in Writing upon Oath before the Collector, which such Collector is hereby empowered to administerj whether he intends. to load any Rice pursuant to such Licence, and to what Place hound,

IV. And in order to ascertain the true Quantity of Rice exported from Carolina pursuant to such Licence

and the Liberty granted by this Act, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the same shall be shipped. or put on board, the Merchant or other Person exporting the same shall make an Entry thereof in Writing with the Collector of his Majesty's Customs and the Naval Officer, and also with the Comptroller, where there is such an Officer, and shall take out a Cocquet or Certificate of such Entry, and shall, before the Rice be shipped or put on board, endorse on the Back of such Cocquet or Certificate the true Quantity intended to be shipped, mentioning the Marks, Numbers and Contents of each Cask, and shall deliver the Cocquet so endorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping thereof; and if upon weighing and examining the Rice brought or intended to be shipped by virtue of such Cocquet or Certificate, either before or after the shipping thereof, the Quantity shall appear to be greater than is endorsed thereon, or if any Rice shall be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade by virtue of this Act, or any Hoy, Lighter, Bottom, Boat or

other Vessel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Vessel, before such Entry or taking out such

Cocquet, and Indorsing and Delivery of the same as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, all such Rice so shipped or intended to be shipped shall be forfeited, as also the Hoy, Lighter, Bottom, Boat or other Vessel employed in shipping the same; and the Owner of such Rice, or other Person employed in shipping the same, shall also forfeit treble the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice admiralty held in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; one third Part thereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, one third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other one third to the Informer or Prosecutor; and before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from Carolina with the Rice loaden as aforesaid, Master or other Person having or taking Charge thereof shall receive the said Licence from the Collector and Naval Officer, and Comptroller, who shall endorse thereon the Marks, Numbers and Contents of each Cask of Rice so shipped on board, and the Collector and other Officer shall make two Copies of such Licence and endorsement; for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements or Copies no more shall be taken by the said Officers than the accustomed Fees; and the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship

shall, before he receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left

With the Collector and other Officers; and the said Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship shall also, on the Return of the said Ship or Vessel to Great Britain, produce and deliver the said Licence to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or to the Collector or Comptroller of the Port where Bond was given when the said Ship or Vessel set sail from Great Britain, with the Endorsement made thereon by the Collector and other Officers of the Quantity laden on board in Carolina, as also a Certificate signed and sealed by the Consul, or two known British Merchants, at the Port or Place where the Rice was landed, certifying the Landing thereof, with the Number of Casks so landed, and the Marks, Numbers and Contents of each Cask, with the Name of the Ship and Master, and that they verily believe that no Sugar, Tobacco, or other enumerated Goods before mentioned, except Rice, have been there landed out of such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector and other Officers in Carolina shall, as soon as conveniently they can, transmit one of the said Copies of the said Endorsement to the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, and thereupon there shall be payable to his Majesty so much as the Half subsidy of the Rice so shipped in Carolina shall amount unto, which would have remained in case the said Rice had been first imported into Great Britain and afterwards reexported; the said Commissioners, or the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in which such Strip was entered to

37

Anno tertio Georgii II.

C 29.

Continuation.

Continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 47.' Continued farther by Geo. l. C 18. (S' ^gco.l. c. 16. farthcr provisioni Geo. 53,

sail for Carolina, as soon as they or either of them shall receive the said Licence so endorsed, or one of the Copies of the Endorsement attested by the Matter or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid (which shall (irft come to the Hands of the said Commissioners, or the Collector and Comptroller) may and shall demand from any of the Person or Persons who entered into Bond before the Ship set sail from Great Britain as aforesaid, the full Sum due for the Half subsidy for all the Rice mentioned in such Endorsement, or the Copy thereof attested as aforesaid; in case the same is not paid within thirty Days after such Demand made, the Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be put in Suit, and the Persons bound therein shall pay treble Costs.

VI. And be it enacted, That this at shall continue and be in Force five Years, to be reckoned from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

concerning Plantations, Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 9, 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. % Geo. 2, C 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30, i^. Geo, 2. C 31 & 33. 24

29 Geo. 2. c. 5 s? 35. 30 Geo. 2. C X

CAP. XXIX.

An act for continuing and amending an act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread for Relief of Bankrupts whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of a late Act (For the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts) for allowing further time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills' made by. Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; and for making further Provision concerning Certificates relating to the Settlements of poor Persons, and the Charges of maintaining. and removing certificated Persons.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of Ann. cis,

lw her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, yin Act to regulate the Price and assize of Bread, and the same was to continue in Force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act, having been by subsequent Acts further continued, C was found very useful and beneficial, but the same is now near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, together with such Alterations as were continued to 25 made thereto, in and by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George fgeo\i7itat&2 the First, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned relating to Coals, Hentp and Flax, C 26.'

Irish and Scotch Linen, and the Assize of Bread, and for giving Power to adjourn the quarter sessions for the Amended and County of Anglesea for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be and is hereby further continued from the contl' Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, 22 Geo. 210.46.' and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of london, and some other Magistrates, have thought fit, in setting the Assize of Bread, to set down and ascertain the Price for which the Peck, Half peck and Quartern Loaves ought to be sold; which Prices the Bakers have sometimes complied with, but at other times have refused so to do, to the Deceit and Oppression of hk Majesty's Subjects, especially of the poorer sort of People; And whereas some Doubts have arisen touching the Penalty they have incurred for such their Refusal, 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of fune in the Year of our Lord one penaltyonbaker thousand seven hundred and thirty, if any Baker or other Person or Persons baking or making Bread for ah fiteprice1 Sale, or exposing Bread to Sale, shall sell any Peck, Half peck or Quartern Loaf or Loaves at any than set by the greater or higher Price than shall be set and ascertained by the said Court of Lord Mayor and alder Lord Mayor, men, or by the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, by Order of the said Court, or by the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or chief Magistrates for the Time being of any other City, Town Corporate or Borough, or by any Two or more Justices of the Peace in such Towns and Places where there shall be no such Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or chief Magistrates, he, she or they so doing, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; the said Forfeiture or Forfeitures to be given to the Informer or Informers, and to be adjudged, levied and recovered I in such Manner, as the Penalty of forty Shillings is by the said Act of the eighth Year of her said late 8 Ann. C is. majesty's Reign to te adjudged, levied and recovered.

III. Provided always, That before any Reduction is made in the Assize of Bread by the Court of Before Reduc lord Mayor and Aldermen, a Copy of the Prices delivered in by the Meal Wcigheis for the said city for of p.jead a^c'2c the Time being shall be left at the common Flail of the Bakers Company by the Space of twelve Hours to beleft atcpy before any such Reduction, to the Intent that the said.company shall have an Opportunity to be heard Bakers Hail, thereupon before the said Court. Cmum\, ig Bread

see farther, 31 Geo. 2. C 29. 32 Geo. 2. c. 18.

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

[5 Geo. 1.

intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts,

it was enacted, That all Persons who should become Bankrupts, and should surrender themselves to the Commissioners named and authorised in or by any Commissions of Bankrupts to be awarded against them, and should in all Things conform as.in the said Act is directed, should be discharged from all Debts by them due or owing at the Time they did become Bankrupts, incase the Commissioners should

2.24.

38 C 29. Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

certify, that such Bankrupts had made a full Discovery of their Estates and Effects, and conformed them selves according to the Directions of the said Act, and four Parts in live of their Creditors should sign such Certificate, and consent to their Discharge, and in case such Certificates should be allowed by the Lord Chancellor, or others therein named, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, and any of the Creditors of such Bankrupts were to be heard, if they should think fit, against the making such Certificate

and against the Confirmation thereof; and whereas the said Act expired at the End of the last Session of

Parliament; and whereas before the Expiration of the said Act several Persons, against whom Commissions had been issued, were duly declared Bankrupts, and since the Issuing of the said Commissions have made full Discoveries of all their Estates and Effects, and delivered the same up for the Benefit of their Creditors, notwithstanding which some of their Creditors have since brought Actions against them, and held them to Bail thereupon, and their Certificates not being allowed and confirmed, such Bank rupts are deprived of the Benefit intended them by the said Act, although they are liable to the Penal ties thereby inflicted; Relief therefore of the said unfortunate Bankrupts, Be it enacted by the Authoprity

bankniptson>i4

aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who was or were duly declared a Bankrupt 'have benefit r Bankrupts on or before the fourteenth Day of May which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand of the said Act. seven hundred and twenty-nine, shall be entitled to all and singular the Relief and Discharge from his, X her or their Debts, and other Benefit and Advantages, and be also subject and liable to all the Penalties

in the said Act of the fifth Year of his said late majesty's Reign contained or mentioned; and for that Purpose the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, and other the Persons in the said Act authorised to put the same in Execution, are hereby authorised and empowered to proceed in all Respects touching and concerning the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, who was or were so declared on or before the said fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, in the same Manner and Form, and as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act; was in Force; and all Actions brought against the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or any of them, for any Debts contrasted before his or their Bankruptcy, and the Bail given thereon, shall, from and after the Allowance of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts Certificate and Certificates, be and are hereby discharged.

tlieaftnot rev. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to revive the said Act, w, fachf|ank ly' ave on as to Bankrupt or Bankrupts as was or were so declared on or before the said four rupts.'teenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and who have obtained or shall obtain Certificates of their Conformity, assented to by four Parts in five, in Number and Value of their Creditors, and allowed and confirmed, as the said Act directs, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 q«o. r. c. rs. 4

VI. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of his late majesty's'Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for such Registring,

and forfecuring Purchases made by Protestants, it was enacted, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen no Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, should pass,

alter or change from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except

such Deed within six Months after the Date, and such Will within six Months after the Death of the Testator, should be enrolled in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties, wherein the Manors, Lands and Tenements lie, in such Manner as therein

for that Purpose is particularly directed: whereas by a Clause in another Act of Parliament passed io Geo. X C 4. ' 'in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige all Persons being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appoint ed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, to register their Names and Real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for taking the said Oaths and making such Registers, and for allowing further Time for the Infohnent of Deeds or Wills made by Papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled, pursuant to an Act of the third Year o f his said late majesty's Reign, and also for giving

Relief to protestant Lessees, it was enacted, for the Relief of such Persons" who had neglected or omitted to inrol their Deeds or Wills, that every Deed and Will which had been then made, since the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Person professing the Popish Religion, though not then enrolled, should be as good and effectual in the Law, as the same would have been, in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Time limited by the said Clause in the said former Act for Inrolment thereof, provided the said Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four in such Manner as by the said former Act: was directed:

And whereas several of his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, since the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, have purchased Lands and taken Leases upon Fines paid, where some small Rents have been reserved, from Papists or Persons professing the Popish Reli gion, and have omitted and neglected to inroll their purchase Deeds and Leases within the Times limited by the said Clauses, in the said Acts directed for the Inrolment thereof, and are in danger of being defeated of their said Purchases and Leases: And whereas several Infants and others, claiming under the last Wills and Testaments of Papists or Persons profefting the Popish Religion, may be defeated of their said Lands so devised to them, through the Neglect or Omiliion of the Executors or Trustees of such

39

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 29.

Wills to inroll the same in due time, according to the Direction of the said Clauses in the said as

To relieve therefore such Protestant Purchasers and Lessees, and such other Persons as have neglected Pmtertam Purer omitted to inroll their dei ds or Wills in due time as aforesaid, be it enacted by the Authority Tmoil

aforesaid, That every Leed and Will, made since the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year fa eds orwilis, of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change, any Manors, before 19 Sept. Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Pa73'

pifl or Person professing the Popish Religion, though not enrolled, shall be as good and effectual in the Law as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited in the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrollment thereof; provided the same Deeds and Wills shall be enrolled on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Act is directed.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make Def ]t good any such deed, Will or Lease already made, and net enrolled, of the want of Inrollment whereof whereof!advani Advantage shall have been taken on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred tage has been, and thirty; but every such Deed, Will and Lease, shall remain of such Force and Effect only, as the taken, excepted, same would have had if this Act had never been made, and of none other.

VIII. And to prevent Disputes which often happen, touching the Proof of Certificates given by the 1 Officers of any Parish or Place, acknowledging any Person or Persons therein named, to be an In

or Inhabitants legally settled in such Parish, Town or Place, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William thew 3*

Third, and for making such Certificates more effectual, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, <T3°'

That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun tiwatt's of Set dred and thirty, the Witnesses who attest the Execution of such Certificates by the Churchwarden or tlements to Churchwardens!, Overseer or Overseers, signing and sealing the same, or one of the said Witnesses, wear that they shall make Oath before the Justices of the Peace, who by the said Act are directed to allow the Ardens, c!" same (which Oath they are hereby authorised to administer) that such Witness or Witnesses did see Ogn them, the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, whose Names and Seals are thereunto subscribed and set, severally (ign and seal the said Certificate, and that the Names of such Witnesses attesting the said Certificate are of their own proper Hand writing; which said Justices of the Peace shall also certify that such Oath was made before them; and every such Certificate so allowed, and Oath of the Execution thereof so certified, by the said Justices of the Peace, shall be taken, deemed and allowed, in all Courts whatsoever. duly and fully proved, and shall betaken and received as Evidence, without other Proof thereof9 and that all Certificates given in pursuance of the said Act, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, shall be also taken and allowed in all Courts as Evidence, without other Proof; provided the same are duly allowed by two Justices of the Peace, ashy the said at is required.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

William the Third, intituled, An Act for supplying same Defedis in the Laws for the Relief of the 8 j. 4 Poor of this Kingdom, all parkhes and Places are obliged to receive and entertain as Inhabitants all C 3'

and every Person and Persons and their Families, which come from any other parkhes or Places with such Certificates of their Settlement, as in the said Act are directed and required, until such Certificate

become chargeable, in which case and no others, the Parishes and Places to which they have been sent by Certificate, are authorised to reconvey, and those from whence they came, required to receive the said Certificate Persons and their Families, as their proper Parishioners and Inhabitants; but

no Provision is made in the said Act for reimbursing the Parishes and Places the Charges they may be put to in reconveying the said Certificate Persons to their former Parishes and Settlements, or for the Maintenance of them when sick or disabled, till they may be in a Condition to be so removed, where by diverse Parishes and Places are often put to great and unavoidable Expenses in removing and

maintaining such Certificate Persons and their Families Now to remedy and prevent the same for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Overseer or Overseers of the Overseers to be poor of any Parish or Place, or other Person, shall remove back any Person or Persons or their Families, Feraiweyrng0" residing in such Parish or Place, or sent thither by Certificate, and becoming chargeable as aforesaid, to Certificate per the Parish or Place to which such Person or Persons shall belong, such Overseers or other Persons shall befons' reimbursed such reasonable Charges as they may have been put unto, in maintaining and removing such Person or Persons, by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place, to conccrmrgpcor which such Person or Persons is or are removed, the said Charges being first ascertained and allowed' 17. of by one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place to which such Removal 3' 37

shall be made; which said Charges, so ascertained and allowed, shall, in case of Refusal of Payment, 31-u«. C tube levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place to which such Certificate Person or Persons is or are removed by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, returning the Overplus, if any there be; which Warrant or Warrants lie or they are hereby required to grant.

c. 30-32.

Anno tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1730.

Concerning Chancery refer la 18 Ed. 3. St. j.

36 Ed. 3. C q.

17 R. 2. C 6. tell. 6. C 4.

14 15h.8. r.

5 El. C 18.

[13 Car. 2. St. I. rot printed]

1 IV & M.

St. 1. C 21. qar.r. ri, 22. 12 Geo. 1. c. 32

(St 33.

Orders and Decrees made by the Matter of the Rolls valid. Exception.

Set farther, 5

CAP. XXX.

An act to put an end to certain Disputes touching Orders and Decrees made in the Court of Chancery.

WHEREAS diverse Questions and Disputes have arisen touching the Authority of the Maher of the Rolls in the High Court of Chancery, 'For putting an end to all Disputes concerning the same, be it enacted by the King's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Orders and Decrees made by the present Mailer of the Rolls or any of his predeceltors, or hereafter to be made by the said Mailer of the Rolls, or any of his Successors, except Orders and Decrees of such Nature or Kind as, according to the Course of the said Court, ought only to be made by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall be deemed and taken to be valid Orders and Decrees of the said Court of Chancery, subject nevertheless to be discharged, reversed or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, and so as no iiich Orders or Decrees be enrolled till the same are signed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal.

Geo. 2. c. 25. 12 Geo. 2. c. 24. 23 Geo. 2. c. 23.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the Admission and Regulation of Brokers within the City of Bristol.

PR.

C No Person to act as a Broker in Bristol till licensed by the Mayor, &c. To enter into Obligation "with Sureties. Brokers Names to be affixed on the Tholfel, &c. Acting as a Broker before Ad "forfeits 100l. Brokers to enter all Contrails in a Book; and to wear a Medal of Silver. 56 Not to deal for themselves in Exchange, ifc. "

CAP. XXXII.

An act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to make an Adjournment of the said Court; and for limiting the Time for the Execution of Sentences importing Corporal Punishments in that Part of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS the continued Sittings of the Court of Session in Scotland from the first Day of November to the last Day of February yearly, without any Recess, has been found inconve nient and burdensome, ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's mob Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia the fudges of ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of the Court of the said Court of Session in Scotland', and they are hereby empowered to make an Adjournment of their mak^an Act sdtions on such Day, betwixt the fifteenth Day of December and the fifteenth Day of January yearly, journment be" - and for such Time as they shall judge moil convenient, not exceeding the Space of ten Days 5 any 'tween Dec. 15, Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

and Jan, 15., t jj. y\ncj whereas by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and Ahiiet of that Part of the Kingdom, it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five,

no Sentence or Judgement of any Civil Magistrate or Court of Judicature, importing a Capital or Corporal Punishment, if pronounced in Edinburgh or any other Part of Scotland, to the Southward of the Firth or River of Forth, should (for the Reasons in the said Clause mentioned) be put in Execution within less than thirty Days after the Date of such Sentence; and if pronounced in any Place to the Northward of the said Firth or River of Forth, should be put in Execution in less than forty Days after the Date of such Sentence: And whereas the Maintenance and securing in Gaols all Criminals convicted and adjudged to suffer any Corporal Punishment, for so many Days after Judgement given,

hath been found burdensome to Burghs, and others his Majesty's Subjects, and a Discouragement to 'time limited the apprehending and punishing Offenders, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for Execution of from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, it shall and may Sentences im be lawful to and for all the said Magistrates and Courts of Judicature to put in execution any judge ifoniflfmemkfs mentor Sentence, importing any Corporal Punishment less than Death or Difmembring, if given or pro chan Death. nounced in any Part of Scotland to the Southward of the Firth or River of Forth, after the elapsing of eight Days, and if given or pronounced in any other Place, to the Northward of the said Firth or River of Forth, after the elapsing of twelve Days, from and after the Date of such Judgement or Sentence reffieflively.

Court of lufti

III. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judges of the Court of ju ciary mayftay fticiary or any of them, who are hereby severally authorised and required upon Application made, fur; CU ent from anca reafouat, le Cause lliewn to him or them, by any Person or Persons, who shall find themselves an inferior Court aggrieved by any such Sentence or Judgement, given or pronounced by any Court of Regality, or other 30 Days. inferior Civil Magistrate or Court of Judicature, to stay all Execution of such Judgement or Sentence, for

A.D. 1730. Anno tertio Georgii II. c. 33-36. 41

the Space of thirty Days, to the end that such Application may be made for Redress, as is agreeable to the Laws of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Parish Church of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for making the same a distinct Pari ill.

PR.

"Appointment of 3,500l. for the Maintenance of the Rector of the new Church at Deptford. Vestry "to set the Rates for Burials. Churchwardens to make Vaults, &c. Churchwardens to pay to "the Rector 70l. per Ann. quarterly. district set out to be a distinct Parish. Persons aggrieved by "any Rates may appeal to the Quarter sessions. Tithes arising in the new Parish, the usual Property of the Vicar, continued to him. Rector to have a Passage through the church yarn to his House.

"When the Vicarage becomes vacant, the King to appoint the first Rector. Rectory not to be held "in Commendam. Churchwardens to provide three Palls. The Vestries of the old and new Pari lives "may raise jointly 500l. for the Uses of the Church, &c. All old Charities to be equally divided.

"Rates for the Poor to be raised by two Moieties. Workhouse to be for the joint Use of both Pa "The two Parishes jointly subject to repair the Roads. The now Parish Clerk shall al by "a Deputy in the new Parish. Glebe Land lying in the new Parish vested in the Churchwardens. "

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the Town of Bridgewater in the County of Somerset.

PR.

The Toll commenced 1 June 1730, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for making the Acts of the first and seventh Years of his late majesty's Reign (for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury; County of Berks) more effectual.

PR.

"Proprietors may distrain Vessels for Tolls, and after Appraisement sell them. Proprietors may sue for "Tolls, C Bargemasters to give a Bill of Loading, on Penalty of 5l. Damages of 20l. final on "Proprietors, exceeding 20l. Appeal to the Judge of Assize. Parties appealing to paydown the Money "decreed. of may compel Witnesses to attend, and may alless Damages and Coils. Land "Owners may shut down Locks, &c. to prevent Damage. Proprietors may take away Shoals, sc "

"Proceedings to be kept among the Records of the hellions for Berks. Action against Proprie "not to abate on any of their Deaths, &c. Proprietors to erect Bridges on the towing Paths.

"No Certiorari. The Country Lock near Reading to be opened on proper Notice."

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for confirming a Patent granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William french Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Lighthouse upon the Island or Rock called Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Lighthouse, and for making the Duties granted for maintaining the same perpetual.

PR.

WHEREAS her late Majesty Queen Anne was pleased to grant her Letters Patent to Will ham Trench Esquire, in the Words and Form following; that is to say, '

"ANNE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Reciting Queen "Faith, C To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Whereas we have received abun Anne's Patent "dant Information, and are ourselves well satisfied, that the building, supporting and maintaining a liglithfu?eson "Lighthouse or Beacon, with a Light or Lights therein continually burning in the Night Time, the Skerries.

"in or upon the Island or.rock called Skerries, lying in the Sea near Holyhead in our County of "Anglesea, is absolutely necessary, and will be of great public Use and Benefit to the Navigation "in those Parts in general, and to our own Ships in particular, and may, for the Time to come, pre "such Wrecks as have frequently happened there, to the great impairing of our Customs, and "to the Prejudice of Traders, Mariners and others of our good Subjects: And whereas our beloved "Subject William Trench Esquire, being possessed of the said Rock or Island called Skerries, for a long "Term of Years yet to come and unexpired, is willing, at his own Expense and Charge, to erect "and build, and to support and maintain a Lighthouse or Beacon thereon as aforesaid: know "ye that we, as well for and in Consideration of the great Expenses and Charges the said William "Trench, his Executors or Assigns, must necessarily be at, in erecting and maintaining the said Light "or Beacon, and in keeping the same in Repair, with the Lights burning the rein, as in Con "of the great Use and public Benefit thereof, and also for and in Consideration of the "yearly Rent in and by these our Letters Patent reserved, and of the Covenants and Clauses herein £: expressed, on the Part and Behalf of the said William Trench, his Executors, Administrators and Af "to be done and performed, of our especial Grace, and by the Advice of our right trully and "well beloved Cousin and Counsellor Robert Earl of Oxford, and Earl Mortimer, our High Treasurer £< Great Britain, and of our beloved Counsellor Sir William Wyndham Baronet, Chancellor and Under

"der Treasurer of our Exchequer, have given and granted, and by these Presents for us, our Heirs and "successors, do give and grant unto the said William Trench all that the free Liberty, Licence, Power "and Authority of erecting, supporting and maintaining a Lighthouse or Lighthouses, Beacon or "Beacons, with Lights to be continually burning therein in the Night Season, upon the said Island "Rock of Skerries near Holyhead in the County of Anglesea, in our Dominion of I Tales; and also "Power and Authority to demand, collect, receive and take of and for every Ship, Hoy, Bark, "Crayer, Catch or other Vessel (except our Ships of War) which shall pass to, from or by the said "or Rock of Skerries, or in Sight thereof, or having any Benefit by the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, the Duty of one Penny upon every Tun, according to the Burden of the Ship or Vessel "also from all Ships, Boys, Barks, Crayers, Catches, and other Vessels or Bottoms whatsoever "our Ships of War) which (hold pass to, from, by or near the said Island or Rock of Skerries, "or shall or may have any Benefit by the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, although such Ship or Vessel "not usually pass in or to any of our Ports, Havens or Creeks, but in Cases of necessity by Storm, "Temped or Leakages, or for Relief of their Wants, and although such Ship or other Vessel shall not "unload or take in any Lading or Ballad, the like Sum or Duty of one Penny for every Tun, accord "to the Burden of such Ship or other Vessel; and also the further Power and Authority to ask "collect, levy and receive, the said Duty of one Penny per Tun, in all and every or any of "our Customhouses, Cadies, Sorts, Harbours, Roads, Creeks, Ports and Bays, when the said Ships, "or other Bottoms or Vessels whatsoever, shall harbour, put in, or cad Anchor, whether tyre same be "there laden or notj to have, hold, &c. "

Concerning Ships

see farther, 5 Geo. 2. c. 20.

6 Geo. 2. c. 29.

7 Geo. 2. c. 15.

& 45. 22 Geo.

"The Lighthouse, &c. veded in Sutton Morgan, forever. Rates for Ships, t d. per Tun. Double for "Foreigners. Coal Ships only to pay for one Voyage in a Year front Great Britain to Ireland, 50l. per "Annum to be paid by the Podmader General. Ships of War not chargeable. Sutton Morgan, to keep "the Lighthouse in good Repair, and after reasonable Charges, the Duties to be subject to pay the Debts, "Sutton Morgan may borrow Money on Security of the Duties."

9 Geo. 2. c. 25. 30 Geo. 2. c. 14. 14 Geo. 2. c. 39. 37 Geo. 2. c. 34 & 36. 38 Geo. 2. c. 37 £? 33. 19 Geo. 2. c. 30. 20 Geo. 2. c. 24

2. C 3 £? 33. 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. 29 Geo. 2. c. 27 & 34. 32 Geo. 2. c. 36 & 25. 33 Geo. 2. c. 39.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act made in the tenth Year of his late majesty's reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the parish of chester ford, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge; and also an Act made in the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the parish of Foulmire in the said County, next to Barley in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement tn Trumpington Street in the Toivu of Cambridge.

PR.

The several Tolls of io Geo. i. c. 12. and 11 Geo. 1. C y. which did commence from 30 May 1730, shall continue till the said two former Acts shall be expired. Continued by 15 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. quarto.

IT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-third Day of January, Anno Do 4 r mini one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, in the fird Year of the Reign of our Sove \ " 4' reign Lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, 4 Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twenty drd Day ' of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, being the fourth session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England 3 and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters

EXP.

CAP. ' III

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern part of Butt Lane in the Parish of Lawton in the County Palatine of Chester to Lawton, and from thence to hen/hal!s Smithy upon Cranage Green. in the said County.

PR.

Tiie Toll tookplace 1 May 1731. and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. Continued by 24. Geo. 2. c. 33.

8. CAP.

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II.

4j 5*

43

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one. EXP. 2 s. in the Pound.

CAP. V.

An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off one million of South

Sea Annuities.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the firstg Geo. t. C { W (for reviving and adding two millions to the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company) the whole increased Capital Stock of the said Company, being then computed at thirty-three millions eight hundred and two thousand four hundred eighty-three Pounds fourteen Shillings and a Halfpenny, was divided into two equal Parts, and one Moiety thereof, being therein stated at sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and a Farthing, was to be con

into a Joint Stock, attended with certain Annuities payable out of the Funds of the said Company, in lieu of all the Dividends, Profits and Advantages such Moiety was then entitled to, after the Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven

and twenty seven, and from thenceforth with Annuities at four Pounds per Centum per An act' man, redeemable by Parliament, and the same were thenceforward to be called The Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities; and the other Moiety or Half Part of the said whole Capital Stock, amounting to the like Sum of sixteen millions nine hundred and one thousand two hundred and forty-one Pounds seven teen Shillings and a Farthing, was to remain, continue and be in the said Company as a Joint Stock in their own Right, attended with the Residue of the Annuities or yearly Funds payable in the Exchequer for their said whole Capital, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, and attended with the ' l'cveral Allowances settled or to be settled for Charges of Management, and with all the other Benefits,

Profits of Trade, Privileges and Advantages then belonging to the said Company; and by the same

at it was provided. That after the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven the same Stocks might be redeemed by any Pay

not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and that such Payments should from Time to Time be applied, either towards discharging the Principal Sums which (hold belong to the said south-sea Company in their own Right, or towards discharging the Principal Sums of the said south-sea Annuities, or towards discharging as well the Principal Sums of the said Company, as of the said south-sea Annuities, in such Proportions, Manner and Form, as should be prefenbed by the re spetftive ail or Acts of Parliament for furnishing such Sums: And whereas by reason or means of a ' small Error in computing the Amount of the whole increased Capital Stock, and since rectified, and by ' a Payment and Application of a Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds in Moieties towards reducing the Capital Sums both of the Stock of the Company and of the Joint Stock of Annuities, in pursuance

an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Capital Sum remaining due on each of them did amount to sixteen millions six hundred fifty-one thousand one hundred and one Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence Farthing respectively, and no more; and by a further Payment and Application of one million of Pounds, towards reducing the Capital Sum of the Stock of the said Company, in pursuance of an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, the Capital Sum remaining due on the Stock of the same Company doth now amount to fifteen millions six hundred fifty-one thousand one hundred and one Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, and on the joint Stock of Annuities, to sixteen millions six hundred fifty-one thousand one hundred and one Pounds twelve Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, and no more: And whereas it is deemed just and equitable, that the Sum of one million Sterling should be paid and applied for and towards paying off so much of the said remaining Capital Stock or Principal Sum belonging to the said Company, commonly called South Sea annuities be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as are or shall be in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one (after Payment of or referring sufficient to pay such Moneys as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall be blued and applied to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, at the said Feast day, and afterwards quarterly from Time to Time, as the lame shall arise, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall on such Quarter day or Days be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, for or towards redeeming Part of the Annuities attending on the said Capital Stock of Annuities remaining due to the said Company, until the same Payments shall in the whole amount to the Sum of one million Sterling; and that as the said Payments of Principal Money shall be from Time to Time made, a proportional Part of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, and of the Annuities attending thereon, shall also from time to time cease and determine, for the Benefit of the Public,

i Geo. 2. stats, C 8.

3 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Sinking fund at Michael. 1731, and so quarterly, to be applied for redeeming i, coo, ocol. of south-sea Annuities.

II. But

44

Money may be lent at 4l. percent, on Credit of the Sinking Fund to make up a Deficiency at Michaelmas.

The Money to be distributed to the Annuity Proprietors.

Trustees of Annuitants how to a a.

Farther provi fionz concerning this Company,

5 Geo. 2. c. 17.

6 Geo. 2. c. 2 C fcf 28.

7 Geo. 2. c. 17, 9 Geo. 2. c. 3.

C 6. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

II. But as It may so happen, that on the said Feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, there may not be sufficient Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen from the said Surplusses, to satisfy and pay the said in tyre Sum of one million, and the said south-sea Company may desire then to receive the whole Sum in one entire Payment, in order to make one Distribution of the whole amongst all the Proprietors of their said Capital Stock of Annuities at one Time Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application being made by the said Company to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and giving, them Notice of such their Desire to have and receive the said one million in one entire Payment ten Days at lead before the said Feast day, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, by Warrant under their Planets to permit or suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies' Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer so much Money, as together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one million, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof, in the mean Time, after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and in such case the Money so to be lent or advanced, shall be issued and paid to the said Company, together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, to complete the Payment of the said entire Sum of one million; and the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise from the said Surplusses, shall quarterly be issued and applied to discharge and satisfy such Loans with the Interest thereof, in the due Order and common Course of the Exchequer, in cases of Loans; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Sea Company shall forthwith, upon the Receipt of the said Sum of one million, or as soon after as conveniently may be, divide out, and distribute the same as near as may conveniently be done, amongst all the several Proprietors of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, towards sinking and discharging so much of their Shares or Interests in the said Capital Stock of Annuities, by even and equal Dividends amongst them all, in Proportion to their respective Shares or Interests therein.

IV. And to the End, Intent and Purpose that all trust Estates and Interests in the said Capital Stock of Annuities of the south-sea Company, may be preserved and improved for the Benefit of the Persons concerned therein, with the least Expense and Inconvenience to them: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments or Dividends shall be made of the Capital of any such Annuity Stock, as shall be vested in any Person or Persons in Trust for other Persons, who have or claim distinct or different Interests therein, or for any other Ends or Purposes, for which the Capital Sum or Annuity ought to be preserved entire, such Payments or Dividends of the Capital Stock of Annuities shall not be paid or applied as Dividends of Profit, Annuity or Interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise disposed of at Interest; and for that Purpose it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees, who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion, to lay out or dispose of the same or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of so much other Capital Stock of the same Kind, as at the current Market Price of such Annuity Stock the Moneys received for such Dividends shall, as near as conveniently may be, extend" to purchase; new purchased Stock of Annuities shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such Trustees respectively, by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed or acknowledged before one of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Moneys in the said Receipts were the Produce of the said Dividends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, which Signing or Acknowledgment such Masters in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take; and each and every such Master, before whom the same shall be done, shall at the same time certify the same, by subscribing his Name thereto; for doing whereof such Master shall be paid for each such Certificate one Shilling and no more; then, and in every such Case, the Annuity Stock mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall respectively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trusts, for the Benefit of the same Persons, and for the same Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes, as the rest of the trust Annuity Stock remaining in such Trustees respectively will or ought to be subject and liable to; and such Trustees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges or Damages, on account of their so doing, at the Expenses of the said trust Estates.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to restrain or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or disposing of any of the said trust Moneys in any other Purchases or any other Securities, whether public or private, if they shall so think fit, in the same Manner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves as they might, have done if this Add had not been made.

10 Geo. 2. c. 17. zo Geo. 2. c. 3. §.60. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 G? it. 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who through Ignorance of Law have omitted to qualify themselves for Imployments or offices, by taking the Oaihs, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving tyre Sacrament, and Members of Corporations who have neglected to

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II.

C 7-9.

45

to take the Oaths of Office, and Persons who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their af sent and Consent to the same, according to Law, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

EXP.

"Persons qualifying themselves before 23 January 1731 indemnified. Members of Corporations who "have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, qualifying themselves by 21 January 1731, indemnified.

"Offices avoided by Law, not to be restored. Ecclesiastical Persons who have omitted to read the Coin "Prayer in time indemnified. But not to prejudice others lawfully instituted in their Places. "

CAP. VII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, it is among other Things enacted, That no 3 Geo. 2. c. 23. Persons shall be returned as Jurors to serve oh Trials at any Assizes or Nisi Prius, or at the Great Sessions in Wales, or at the Sessions for the Counties Palarine of Lancaster, Chester and Durham, who have served within the Space of one Year before in the County of Rutland, or four Years in the County of York, or of two Years before in any other County, not being a County of a City or Town

And if any such Sheriff shall wilfully transgress therein, any Judge or ustice of Assize, or Nisi Prius, or of the said Great Sessions, or the Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the Paid Counties Palatine, may, and is hereby required, on Examination and Proof of such Offence in a summary Way, to feta L ine or Fines upon every such Offender, as he shall think meet, not exceeding five Pounds for any one Offence: And whereas by reason of the frequent Sessions of Nisi Prius in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster, the said Provision cannot be put in Execution in the County of Middlesex, but is found to be impracticable: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and com in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after

mons.

After 1 May 1731, Clause in the Jury Act not to extend to Middlesex.

None to be returned, who has' been returned in the two Terms preceding.

Made perpetual by 6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

Leaseholders, where the improved Rents amount to 501* per Annum, liable to serve on Juries.

Farther provji ons concerning Juries, 6 Geo. 2.«. 37. 24 Geo. 2. c. 18. 29 Geo. 2. c. 19.

the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, the said recited Clause or any Part thereof shall not extend or be conffiucd to extend to the said County of Middlesex.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be returned to serve as a Juror at any Session of Nisi prius in the County of Middlesex, who has been returned to serve as a Juror at any such Session of Nisi prius in the said County, in the two Terms or Vacations next immediately preceding, under such Penalty upon the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Officer employed or concerned in the summoning or returning of jurors in the said County of Middlesex, as might have been inflicted upon them or any of them for any Offence against the said recited Clause.

III. And whereas by the very frequent Occasions there are for Juries in the County of Middlesex, and by the small Number of Freeholders that are in the said County, the Sheriffs of the said County may be under Difficulties in procuring Juries to answer the Purposes of this Act; for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Leaseholders upon Leases where the improved Rents or Value shall amount to fifty Pounds or upwards per Annum over and above all Ground Rents or other Reservations payable by virtue of the said Leases, shall be liable and obliged to serve upon Juries when they shall be legally summoned for that Purpose; anything in this or any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to high gate, at the Entrance into ashdoivn Forefi in the Parish of East Grinfied in the County of sujj'ex.

PR.

thetoll took Place i May 1731, and shall continue till the Expiration of the Act 10 Geo. 1. c. 13.

CAP. IX.

An Act for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

\'fthepveas in and by an Act made and passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of 9 & 10w.3. ' Vy our late Sovereign Lord King William the Third, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act C 25-

for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon Stajnpt Vellum Parchment and Paper,

it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one, thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, there shall be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, for the several and respective things therein mentioned, which should be written or ingrossird at any Time or Times, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand six hundred and

5 & io W. 3. C 44.

6 Ann. C 17.

3 Geo. 2. c. 14.

3 Geo. 2. c. 20.

3 Geo. 2. c. 16.

C g. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

ninety-eight, over and above the Rates and Duties, and Sums of Money then payable to his Majesty or to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, for the same, the several and respective Rates, Impositions, Duties, Charges and Sums of Money, therein particularly expressed: ' whereas in and by one other at made and passed in the same session of Parliament, entitled, ' An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate

of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East indies, as all'o in and by one other Act made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for assuring to the English Company trading to the East indies, on Account of the united Stock, C a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for raffing thereby the Sum of one million two hun

thousand Pounds, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's occasions, all the Moneys arising by e the said several additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by the first recited Act ' granted for ever, are appropriated with other Duties on Salt and Rock Salt, for the raising and making good a yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, for and upon the respective principal Sums of two millions, and one million two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced and paid in pursuance of the two Acts last mentioned: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for reducing the Annuity or Fund of the united East-india Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned, it is amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the said Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds should be and is thereby reduced to an Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, in respect of the said Capital Stock or Debt of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and that the said reduced Annuity (hold be and remain charged upon, and be payable from Time to Time out of the same Duties and Revenues, and by the like weekly or quarterly Payments, and with the same Provisions for making good any Deficiencies from Time to Time in the said reduced Fund, until some new or other Provision be made by Parliament, C with Consent of the said United Company for the same: And whereas by another Act made and passed

the third Year of his said majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds that may happen thereby, and for charging' the reduced Annuity payable to the East-india Company on the Aggregate Fund, and for Relief of Matthew Lion, Executor of

Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the Duty for Salt lost by the overflozving of the River Mercy in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, it is amongst other things enabled, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the reduced Annuity of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, payable to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the eafi hidies, Should be transferred from the several Duties and Revenues then before charged with the said Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and be charged upon and payable out of the Moneys arisen or to arise into the Exchequer from Time to Time,

for the several Duties and Revenues composing the Aggregate Fund, to be paid to the said Company and their Successors, by such and the like quarterly Payments, as their then present Annuity was pav able, and from and after such Time as the said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and

twenty-eight thousand Pounds Should become charged on the said Aggregate Fund, the said additional

Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper should from thenceforth be discharged from the said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund, and be deemed a Saving to the Public, and should go and be applied to such Uses and Purposes as should be directed by Parliament; and whereas by another Act made and passed in the third Year of his said majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for applying the Arrears of former Land Taxes, for apprepriat ing the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for giving Relief with Rejpedl to an ever payment to the Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, by the receiver-general for the County of Salop, it was amongst other Things enabled, That the Exchequer bil's which were made forth in Pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges inci dent to or attending the same, should be charged and chargeable upon the first Aids or Supplies which should be granted in Parliament next after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty; and in the mean Time, and until such Supplies should be granted, the same should be and are thereby charged and chargeable on such Surplus Moneys, as at any Time or Times from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty, should arise into the Exchequer from the several Duties and Revenues then charged with the Annuity or yearly Fund of

one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and should be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the quar teriy Payments or Arrears of the said Annuity or yearly Fund, or which should thereafter arise by the said Duties and Revenues, by the Reduction made in the said Annuity or yearly Fund, should be quar teriy applied towards the defraying and paying the Premium, Interest and Charges attending the said Exchequer Bills, and subject thereto, towards cancelling and discharging the Principal of the said Exchequer Bills in course, and subject thereto, the said Surplus Moneys should be referred for the future Disposition of Parliament: And whereas all the Exchequer Bills made forth in Pursuance of the last recited Act, which remained uncancelled and undischarged, with all Premiums, Rates, Interest and other Charges attending thereon, have been or are intended to be fully paid off, satisfied and discharg ' ed, by and out of the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty for the Service of the: Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, by Means whereof the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper are freed and discharged from all Encumbrances whatsoever' '

47

A.D. 173r. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 9.

1 and remain for the Disposition of Parliament: 'Now we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal sub jcfts, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deftrous to raise the necessary sup plies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in the eaficit Manner we are able for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty, the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Annuities which by this Act shall be granted and made payable in i.aoo.ocol. to Respect of the said principal Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, until Redemption the

thereof by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned, shall, from and after the Feast of the Nativity additional' of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, be charged and chargeable upon, and Stamp Duties, payable out of the Moneys which, from and after the said Feast day, shall from Time to Time arise into the Exchequer, by or from the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and the said additional Duties are hereby appropriated for that Purpose.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Moneys arising by the said additional Duties on stamped The Moneys Vellum, Parchment and Paper for Payment of the several and respective Annuities which shall be pay addition liu able upon this Act, shall be fairly and duly entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in tiestobeentred. the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells for that Purpose,

to which all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, shall have free Access without Fee or Charge.

III. And for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it hail and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bo Annuities at 31, dies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exche pr Ann. to"'quer for his Majesty's Use, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the commence from Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more j9sep£ 17s1* of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four hundred thousand Pounds in Part of the said whole Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns respectively, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after contained in that Behalf; which certain Annuities shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the Purchase Money so paid for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer at the Time or Times before mentioned; all which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the mod* and paid half, usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed early virgin Mary and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin i]iary in the Year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Contributors pells in the Exchequer severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there be mrecun the shall be fairly entered the Names of all Persons who shall be Contributors for such certain Annui Books of the ties as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the Auditor and said sums upon this Act, and also the Sums paid for such Annuities; to which Book it shall be of the lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns from Time

to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort and to inspebl the same without Fee or Reward.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to Annuities how be purchased upon this present act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and pay to e'able, from Time to Time, out of the Money arising by the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum,

Parchment and Paper by this Act directed to be applied for the Payment thereof, and that all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid, at the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by Virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that all and every such Purchasers, their E editors, Administrators, successors and Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the several Annuities, sober them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all such Estates and Interests of and in the said Annuities and every of them, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in Construction of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever, to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall go a Personal to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons: Law, Custom or Usage to the

"contrary

43 C 9.

Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

Orders arguable.

contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act as aforesaid, and every of them shall be Tree from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

Tallies and Or

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for the annri k or any Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors tics. L ' "r Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase Money for the same at the Rate aforesaid,

into the said Receipt of Exchequer, at the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of the Purchase Money as shall be so paid for any such Annuity or Annuities at the Rate aforesaid; every such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Ashgns respectively, shall have an Order for paying the said Annuity or Annuities, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Provil'o herein after contained in that Behalf, which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and, after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Ccirimissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid, or any of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the Orders to be made forth for the said Annuities in Pursuance of this Act, shall or may, from Time to Time, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed on his, her or their Order, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interefc or Benefit of such Order or Orders to any other Person or Persons, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the Book of Registry for such Orders, without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry made, such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall make such Assignments, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And whereas it may so happen, in Process of Time, that several of the said standing Orders may become defaced, obliterated or incumbred with many Assignments endorsed thereon, or by Reason thereof, or some other Defeats therein, it may become necessary that the said defaced, obliterated,

incumbred or otherwise defective Orders should be taken in and cancelled, and new Orders made forth, and delivered to the Owners and Proprietors of the Orders so to be cancelled, in Lien thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any of the said Cases, any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; may, if he or they shall so think fit, from Time to Time, cause to be made forth new standing Orders for and in Lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders, so as such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Order or Orders be at the same Time delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in Lieu thereof be made payable to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so delivered up and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; ai d the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid shall always take Care that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders as may denote their being made out in Lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Public against any double Payments, for or by Reason of the making out or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

IX. And for the preventing all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said standing Orders or any Assignments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, Be it enacted by the Authority Forging Orders aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or or Assignments, counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad and alfift in the forging or counterfeiting any Order or Or for For crt 'fc ders mace forth or to be made forth in Pursuance of this present Act, or any Assignment or Assignments farther 7 gm.z. f such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or of any Receipt or Discharge to the c. 22, ard 31 Exchequer for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument to transfer, assign, aliene or convey any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders, in or to any such pretended Assignment, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall know ingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by Virtue of any such forged or counterfeited Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall falily and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Order or Orders, and thereby assigning or endeavouring to assign any of the said Order or Orders, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof, then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall buffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

" New Orders to be made forth in Lieu of defaced ones.

Gvp. 2,

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 9. 49

X. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the said Sum of four hun All Receiptssm dred thousand Pounds in Part of the said whole Sum not exceeding one million two hundred thousand lttj«tobcwi* pounds, upon the respective Terms and Advantages in this Act mentioned, that all Receipts and Ilfucs, out oc'

and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving directly or indirectly any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the same, and in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or mifrpply any of the Moneys to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for making up the aforesaid Fund, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books or Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble Damages and Costs ot Suit to any Contributor or Person claiming under him, that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Rellraint, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff, upon Recovery, shall have full Cofis of Suit; one third of which Sum so to be recovered, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two Thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys from Charge ofma

me to Time arising at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said additional Duties on stamped nagement to be Vellum, Parchment and Paper hereby appropriated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for addic?ona°duucs the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the on Stamps. Time being, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the Exchequer, and others, that shall and may be any way employed in the Execution of this Act, in Relation to the said Annuities to be payable thereupon, for their Labours, Pains and Sendees therein respectively, and to discharge and latist'y such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of the same, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the reasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas it is intended that a further Sum, not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds,

{ shall be raised by way of a Lottery, and be charged on the same additional Duties upon stamped Vel

Parchment and Paper, which, with the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds before by this Act

directed to be charged thereupon, will complete the said whole Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, " intended by this Act to be raised upon the said additional Duties Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June After June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, a further certain yearly Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, asturt^jf by and out of the Moneys which, from and after the said Feast day, shall arise and be paid into the ^oiolUsettied Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, on the saiddu shall be, and the same yearly Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds is by this Act declared and enacted ties for the Lotto be a 1 und and Security for answering and paying all and every the Annuities or yearly Payments, after tery' the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors in the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in Manner hereafter in this Act expressed, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf; and that the said yearly Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, or 1b much thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the Sums which shall grow due from Time to Time for or upon the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall, from Time to Time, be. paid half yearly at Chr 'jhnas and Midsummer, by even and equal Portions, until Redemption of the said Annuities, according to the true Meaning of this Act, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, by way of Impressed and upon Account, lor Payment of the same Annuities; the first Payment of the said yearly Sum to the said Cashier to be made on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer, Under Treasurer and Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors for the Time being, are hereby strictly enjoiped and required to cause the said yearly Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, to be imprested and paid, from Time to Time, to the said Cashier accordingly, without any further or other Authority for the same; any former Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards raising the said Sum Any Persons of eight hundred thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or So ^purchas8 reigners. Bodies Politic or Corporate to contribute, by paying at or before the respective Times by this lc as at 1 limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this act; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer for every such Sum of ten Pounds which he. Hie or they shall so advance, shall be interested in such Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund established by this Act, as is herein after directed and appointed in that Behalf; and the same indie Sums of ten Pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers, at such Time or Times, and in such Proportions at a Time on or before the twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury,

Vol. VI FI or

50 C 9. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

Allowance for or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby empowered to cause such an Allowance out of the mentpt a" Sums so to be contributed, or any of them, for prompt Payment to be made, as he or they in his or their Discretions shall think meet and reasonable "

"to appoint Managers. Tickets to be prepared. Treasury to appoint Receivers. Managers "to examine the Books, and deliver them to the Receivers. Tickets to be delivered at io, apiece.

"Receivers on 30 Slug. 1731, to re deliver the Books to the Managers. Tickets not disposed of, to be

"returned into the Exchequer as cash. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and put into "a Box marked [A). The Managers shall prepare Books divided into two Columns, and upon the "innermost Column shall be printed 80,000 Tickets, &c. and 8,000. shall be called The Fortunate Ticket:, "that is to say, Two of them severally 10,000l. four of 5,000l. two of 3,000l. five of 2,000l. fourteen of 1,000l. twenty-one of 500l. two hundred and thirty seven of 100l. seven thousand seven hundred

"and fifteen of 20l. which with 500l. to the first draw n Ticket, and 1,000l. to the said drawn, will

C amount in the whole to 260,000l. which being added to 540,0001, (the Principal payable on the re maining 72,000 blank Tickets) amount to 800,000l. Tickets in the outermoii Columns to be put "into the Box (B). No Money to be received after 30 1731. The whole to be performed by 18

<£ Nov. 1731. On 24 Nov. 1731, the Boxes to be brought into Guildhall. Fortunate Tickets to be printed.

Forging Tickets, &c. Felony. Managers to be sworn. Contributors failing in Payment of the whole "Sum, to forfeit the Money advanced. Undisposed Tickets to be kept as Calli. Managers, &c. to be "rewarded out of the additional Duties on Stamps. Guardians may contribute for" Infants. The "Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates.

EXP.

a«ountantge

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accountant General of sieral of tile the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, Bank to give shall, upon receiving and taking in of the said Certificates or any of them, give Credit to the Persons Personfnamed named therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the principal in the ctrtiri Sums contained in every, such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit every the said principal Sums cate? for the shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators shall and may contained ave p°wer to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Per certiiicates af son or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be provided and kept By Ognable. the said Accountant General for that Purpose; and the principal Sums, so alfigued or transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Contmn per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable by this Act, according to the Power and Authority herein after mentioned, until Redemption thereof as aforesaid; and the said Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates as they shall from Time to Time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing the same, a Note under his Hand, tejh fying the principal Money for which t rey have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuity attending the same.

Annuities on

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, That every Person so to be named in the said Certificates, his, her Tickets to bear and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns shall have, receive and enjoy, and be infilled, by Force interestat 31. and Virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy an Annuity or Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ann^paya bie per Centum per Annum for the respective principal Sums specified in such Cetificate, until Redemption half yearly. thereof, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, out of the Money of the said yearly Fund by this Act established and appropriated for that Purpose; Annuities shall be payable and paid half yearly at the Feast days above-mentioned, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days next after every or any such Feast days, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed, by paying off the said respective principal Sums, and all Arrearages of the same Annuities, if any be, according to the Proviso herein after mentioned 3 the first Payment to begin and be made at the I east of the Nativity of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, or within six Days after; and that the said yearly Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer and satisfy the said Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as the same shall become due, are and shall be appropriated and applied thereunto, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

To bs free from

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, i hat the said Annuities, payable after the Rate of three Pounds Taxes.'per Centum per Annum, and all and every the principal Sums for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from all "Faxes, Charges and Impofidons whatsoever.

Bank to appoint

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the a chief c'/hier Bank of England and their successors, shall from Time to Time, until the said Annuities after the Rate and a' countant cf three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one sufficient Person within their Office in tyre City of Lon Ion, to be their Chief or First Cashier, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accountant General; and that the said Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be issued for Payment of the said Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall from Time to Time without Delay appl/ and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; and the said Accountant General for the "Lime being shall from Time to Time insped and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier, and tyre Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, 1 Negligence or Delay; and that all Persons and Corporations who shall be entitled to uny of the same Annuities so to be payable by the Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being,

5t

A.D. 173r. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. g.

pursuant to this Act, and all Persons claiming under them shall be possessed thereof as a Personal jestate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the principal Moneys, for Lottery which the said several Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per /.innutn shall be payable by t' 'i h". the Cashier of the Bank of England for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be-'01"1 Wc" one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the same Annuities shall be attending, and shall be called The

Joint Stock of Lottay Annuities for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and that all Persons and Corporations, in Proportion to their refoeblive Annuities, shall have a Share in such Stock, and

that all such Shares shall be assignable, transferable and deviseable, in the same Manner as is prescribed Slwrcs then 1*

by Act or Acts of Parliament made in the first Year of his late majesty's Reign, touching the Annuities a( 'snauci

alter the Rate of live Pounds per Centum per Annum therein mentioned, and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever

111. 11 be chargeable on such Transfers; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any other Funds or Annuities in Pursuance of the Bank to conti

Acts for establiftung the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation to all Inttnts and Purposes nuea Corpoia

relating to the receiving, paying or accounting for the said Annuities of three Pounds per Centum per Annum so payable by their Cashier, till the same shall be redeemed according to this Act; and that the redeemed.

said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any

Disability for or by Reason of their doing any matter or Thing in Pursuance of this Act.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever No See to be shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for paying the said Annuities of taken, three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any of them, by the said Cashier for the Time being; and that

no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in Pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking any Fee or gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jfejhninster.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys of the said addi Additional da t'.onal Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper by this Act appropriated or mentioned to be sumpsbowt« appropriated as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied in Manner and Form following; that is to say be applied, (such Charges as are herein before directed to be paid thereout excepted) to answer and pay the Annuity

of fourteen thousand Pounds, being after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, upon the principal Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act before directed to be advanced and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon Credit of the said additional Duties, reckoning the first Payment thereupon to be paid and payable at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and the subsequent Payments half yearly, by even and equal Portions, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and after reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy from Time to Time so much as at any half yearly Feast day ill 11 be grown due upon the said Annuity of fourteen thousand Pounds, by this act made payable at the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, then to issue and pay unto the said Cashier of the Bank of England, out of the Moneys remaining in the said Receipt of Exchequer, arisen by the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, tile further yearly Sum or Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds, for answering and paying all and every the Annuities or yearly Payments after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors in the Lottery in this Act before mentioned, reckoning the first Payment thereupon to be paid and payable at the Feast day of the Birth of our Lord Christ in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and the subsequent Payments half yearly, until Redemption thereof by Parliament as aforesaid; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstai ding.

XXXVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Deficiency how Produce of the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall happen to be so to be suppurd. low or deficient, as that the Moneys arising therefrom into the Exchequer shall not be sufficient to pay

and (lifeharge both or either of the respective Annuities by this Act appropriated and 'directed to be paid thereout, at the Entl of either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be made, then and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of the overplus Moneys that shall or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer, in any or either of the subsequent half Years, as the hid respective Annuities shall from Time to Time in course become due and payable; and in ease such overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended fresh Time to Time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every such Case, the Deficiencies so from Time to Time happening, shall from Time to Time be answered and made gob i by and out of the first Suppl es which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then tyre same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of tyre Surplufle^,

Excesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in' that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may from Time to Time be issued and applied accordingly.

52 C g. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

Moneys out f _

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall how tobifre be so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first placed. Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

Surplus Moneys

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in cale there shall be toberefervedfor any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said additional Duties at the End of any one Year, thedjfposition of after the said several and respective Annuities and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient Parliament. /laall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Redemption of

XXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon the Annuities. one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by the Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast days for Payment of the said respective Annuities, or either of them, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal bums, for which the said respective Annuities, or either of them, shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed, and from and after such Redemption the Moneys arising from the said additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, Signified by the Speaker in Writing to be inserted in the said London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice, within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XL. And it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be lued or prosecuted for any Fling by him or them done or executed in Pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General blue. General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Coils to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

Arrears of for

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of thirty-two thousand five merlandtaxcs. hundred and Sixteen Pounds twelve Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt and compound ^'s maje^y>s Exchequer for Arrears on former Land Taxes, payable in the Year one thousand Seven Liq 'cr^to he hundred and twenty-eight or before, and also the Sum of six hundred and sixty nine Pounds nine shil applied to this lings and ten Pence halfpenny, remaining in the said Receipt of Exchequer, on Arrears of former Du ear's Supply. t; es on jvlalt, and likewise the Sum of nine thousand five hundred and twenty-eight Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, remaining in the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Duty on Compound Liquors, and for Licence Money for retailing the said Liquor's, and for Forfeitures bn the said Retailers, shall and may be issued and applied as Part of his Majesty's Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Appropriation

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming of the several into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, this session1.6'intituled, An Act for continuing the duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part oj Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the interest. Premium, Rate or Charges thereon, artd the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of, this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Sendee of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and so much Morey, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Aloney sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, by granting Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and by Contributions by way of a Lottery, on this Act; and the Sum of thirty-two thousand five hundred and sixteen Pounds twelve Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land Taxes; and the Sum of six hundred and sixty nine Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on Arrears of former Duties on Malt; and also the Sum of nine thousand five hundred twenty-eight Pounds three Shillings and one Penny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Duty on Compound Liquors, and for Licence Money fur retailing the said Liquors, and for Forfeitures on the said Retailers, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several

User,

e

53

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 9.

Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

XLIII (t is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred thirty-two ^enrice?, a thousand thirty four Pounds four Shillings and fourpence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for Half pay to Sea Officers, 'and for or towards victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Nelly, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, ro.ccot. for there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand pi£j.nwlc o!' Pounds, upon Account, for and towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XLV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there 86, 0231. 10s. shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty six thousand office of ord nine hundred and twenty-three rounds ten Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge nance; for Land of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the ex Service, traordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service not provided for by Parliament.

XLVI. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 1, 114.8091. jos. said, there shall or may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million ^njfbrksand! two hundred and fourteen thousand eight hundred and nine Pounds ten Shillings and nine Pence, for or other services towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and orher Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to lay, any Sum of Money not exceeding six hundred and fifty-one thousand four hundred and eighty-four Pounds seventeen Shillings one Penny halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand seven hundred and nine Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and 'Jersey, and other Services relating to the f'orces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-two thousand four hundred and eighty-three Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, upon Account for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, including the Sum of seven thousand Pounds, towards making good the Deficiencies of the Surplus of the Deductions of Poundage, and day's Pay of the f'orces, and of the annual Sums granted in Parliament, on Account of the Expenses of Cnclfca Hospital, as estimated on the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand nine hundred and twenty six Pounds five Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, hot exceeding sixty one thousand one hundred and fifty-eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, upon Account of halt pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and the Sum of two hundred and forty-one thousand two hundred and fifty-nine Pounds one Shilling and threepence, for defraying the Expense of twelve thousand hessians, taken into his Majesty's Pay for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds, for one year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brtmswick Lunenburgh tvolfenbuttell, pursuant to a Treaty dated the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and twenty teven; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand six hundred and sixty two Pounds, for paying off Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land f'orces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen) for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; which said Sum of two thousand six hundred and sixty two Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widow's of half-pay Officers or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty by such or the like Warrant or Warrants shall be graciously pleased, from Time to Time, to direct or appoint.

XLVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore supply for te firid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred fiefendes of ior thirty four thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds fourteen Shillings and sixpence, towards ma mer Gran, > king good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-nine thousand three hundred and fifty-three Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, for making good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called The General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings

Tfvefe Supplies not to be ltfued for any other life.

Rules to be observed in Application of the half-pay.

Overplus of the Sum for reduced Officers by the Act of last sef fzon, to be disposed to the Compassionate Lilt.

54 C. 10. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

and tea Fence and one fifth. Part of a Penny, for the Year ended at Michaelmas cne thousand seven hundred and thirty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred ten thousand four hundred Pounds to discharge such Exchequer Bills as remain uncancellec', which were madfe>forth ia Pursuance of an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's reign, and were to be repaid out of the first Aids jor Supplies to be granted in Parliament, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and, until such Supplies should be granted, were charged upon such Surplus Moneys or Savings, as from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty should arise into the Exchequer from the several Duties and Revenues then charged with the Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, payable to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the east indies; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to tyre Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments, directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XLIX. And as to the said Sum of sixty one thousand one hundred and fifty-eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

L. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for applying the Arrears of former Land Taxes, for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for giving Relief, with Respect to an over payment to the Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hunds ed and twenty one, by the receiver-general of the County of Salop, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty four thousand Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared, by the Authority akresaid, That so much of the said Sum of sixty four thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that behalf; anything in this Actor the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause in Aid of those who have lost Exchequer Bills, &c. EXP,

---

CAP. X.

An act to enable Ideots and Lunatics, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders or Assignments of such Estates.

[Refer to 17 Ed. 2. c. 9 & 10.]

'WHEREAS many Inconveniences do and may arise, by Reason that Persons being Ideot, Lunatick, or Non compos mentis, having Estates in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Trust only for others, or by way of Mortgage, cannot (though by tile Direction of the C stuy que Trust, or Mortgagor) convey any sure Estate in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to any other Person or Persons;' For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Ideots or Lunaticks seised of Estates in Trust, &c. may make Conveyances, &c. of such Estates.]

That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, it shall and may be lawful, to and for

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. C 11, 12. 55

any such Person or Persons, being Idiot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis, or for the Committee or Committees of such Person or Persons, in his, her or their Name or Names, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, signified by an Order made, upon hearing all Parties concerned, on the Petition of the Person or Persons, for whom such Person or Persons being Ideot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis, shall be eised or possessed in Trust, or of the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, or of the Person or Persons intitled to the Moneys secured by or upon any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof any such Person or Persons being Ideot, Lunatic, or Non compos mentis, is or are or shall be seised or possessed by way of Mortgage, or of the Person or Persons entitled to the Redemption thereof, to convey and assure any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall by such Order so to be obtained direct, to any other Person or Persons; and such Conveyance or Assurance, so to be had and made as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Person or Persons being Ideot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis, was or were, at the Time of the making such Conveyance or Assurance, of sane Mind, Memory and Understanding, and not Ideot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis, or had by him, her or themselves executed the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Ideots, &c. or their Committees, may be compelled by Order, to make Conveyances, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons being Idiot, Lunatic, or Non compos mentis, and only Trustee or Trustees, Mortgagee or Mortgagees as aforesaid, or the Committee or Committees of all and every such Person and Persons, being Idiot, Lunatic, or Non compos mentis, and only such Trustee or Mortgagee as aforesaid, shall and may be impowered and compelled, by such Order so as aforesaid to be obtained, to make such Conveyance or Conveyances, Assurance or Assurances as aforesaid, in like Manner as Trustees or Mortgagees of sane Memory are compellable to convey, surrender or assign their Trust Estates or Mortgages.

[See 15 Geo. 2. c. 30 for preventing the Marriage of Lunaticks.]

CAP. XI.

An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee and Privileges, thereof, for paying the public Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

"The Duty of two Pennies Scots continued for 25 Years, from 25 March 1731, &c. Trustees may assign over the Duty. Overseers appointed. Debts of the Town to be laid before the Overseers. New Overseers to be elected in case of Death, &c. Additional Provision for the Ministers of Dundee. Continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 17."

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of money.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

---

WHEREAS great Benefit and Advantage did accrue to England by one Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, Gin, 18 carie. 5.

Act for encouraging of Cottage, and continued by another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign 25 Car. 2. C 8.

of his said Majesty King Charles, intituled, An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage, both

which said Acts were revived by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King j jafc.s. C 7.'.

James the Second, and were continued by an Act made in the four h Year of King William and 4 & 5 W. & M. ' Queen Mary, of Blessed Memory, and were farther continued by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King William, and were further, continued by an Act made in the i2, 6."3"e'

seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of Blessed Memory, and then extended 4 Am., C 22.

*' to Scotland, and were furdter continued by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty king George the Eirft, of Glorious Memory, to be in Force for seven Years from the first Day of J. V C March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and until the' End of the first Session of Parliament' J, j*then next following, and were further continued by another Act made in the ninth year of his^gw. i./eag, said late majesty's Reign, for seven Years, from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred'

Gcv. z

your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled. give and grant unto Your Majesty, the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term and Time herein after expressed; do humbly pray that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords; Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

imported, during the respective Terms or Times therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and be nued by

paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cvder, Qc'7

Beer, & 1 G. c. 16.

56 C 13, 14. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

Beer, Brandy and Strong Waters which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain within or during the Space of seven Years, to commence from the first: Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following and no longer, and that all the said former Acts, and all other Acts of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every Clause, Article and Sentence in them or any of them contained, now being in Force, shall be and are by Virtue of this Act continued, and shall be in Force, and be duly put in Execution, for and during all such Time and Term as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present act; any ffrmer Law, Statute, Provision, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And to the End the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of England and Scotland respectively, may not be discouraged by any Deficiency of the Revenue by this act settled for defraying the Coin treifury, out of age thereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for linvby this Act fie Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Lord High trea or other public surer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out of the Supplies, to de Moneys arising by this Actor out of any other public Supplies granted or to be granted by parlia ceivf th^jints. m.ent' to cauv so much Money to be applied, as shall be necessary for defraying the Expenses of the.

said Mints of England and Scotland respectively, by way of Impressed, and upon Account for that Service, so as the same, together with the Coinage Duties arising by this Act, do not exceed in any one Year the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Moneys be issued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the Mailer of the Mint in England and the Mailer of the Mint in Scotland respectively, for the said Purposes.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the further continuing the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, and continued by an Act passed in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for the other public Uses of the said Town.

PR.

"The Duty of 2 d. Scots upon Ale sold in Aberdeen further continued for ay Years. Magistrates of A'oer "deen appointed Trustees. Overseers to order the Works. Trustees may assign over the Duties for "Moneys to be borrowed. Overseers dying, Survivors may choose others, '

CAP. XIV.

An Act to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to Starch, Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate.

For firmer Duties

WHEREAS the Laws relating to the Duties upon Starch have not in many Instances been found so effectual as is necessary for the raising, levying and collecting the Duties thereby intended to nann.'st'.z. c.^. ' be raised, levied and collected, nor sufficient to prevent the Frauds that have been committed, and are jgm.i. si. r.z. ' (till carrying on by the Makers of Starch, to the great Damage and Loss of the fair Traders, and to the 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. ' lessening of the Revenue Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, After 24 June and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand iiakest^ouse* seven hundred and thirty-one, all and every Maker or Makers of Starch shall make use of regular, regular, fauare, square or oblong Boxes only, for boxing and draining their green Starch, before the same shall be dried or oblong Boxes in the Stove, and that if any such Maker of Starch shall make use of any other Sort of Box or it'g^t'hdr green" Basket, or any other Kind of Vessel whatsoever, for the Purposes aforesaid, he, she or they shall, for Starch, every such offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that the proper Officer for the

Forfeiture toi. Duties upon Starch may know the exact Time when such Starch shall be put into such Boxes as aforesaid may not by unnecessary Delays be hindered from giving due Attendance to his other Business,

by which Means his other Business mult either be neglected, or an Opportunity given to the Makers of Starch Makers Starch to commit Frauds; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said lymus to give" twenty-fourth Day of June all and every Maker of Starch, redding within the Limits of the weekly Bills Notice to Offi of Mortality, is and are hereby required to give Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to put cers when they any green Starch info any such Boxes as aforesaid, to the proper Officer or Officers for the Duties upon sfardi'i28hours Starch, twelve Hours at lead before he, she or they shall begin to box the same; and that all and before: without every Maker of Starch, living out of the Limits aforesaid, is and are hereby required to give such Notice the Bills, 24 as aforesaid, to the proper Officer or Officers for the Duties upon Starch, twenty-four flours at lead before he, die or they shall begin to box any green Starch, on Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that all and every Maker of Starch shall, within the Space of two Hours, after such Notice in Writing by them respectively shall have been given as aforesaid, begin to Box or put in Boxes, all their green Starch, and shall from thence continue to Box and put into Boxes, all and every Part of their green Starch, that shall then be in readiness and Condition fit to be boxed, till the whole making is boxed, lb that the proper Officer may have a Gauge of the whole making in the Boxes, on Pain of for forfeiture 20i, feiting and paying the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Removing

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker or Makers of Starch

Starch before shall remove or cause to be removed any Quantity whatever of Starch, after the same shall be dried, out

weighed forfeits j^s, ]ier or their Stove or Stoves, or out of any other Place or Places made use of by them for the drj ing of Starch, before the same has been weighed, and an Account taken thereof by the proper Officer

57

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 14.

ficer appointed for that Purpose, he she or they, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Of Officers or e ficer or Officers of Excise or Customs, to seize any Quantity of Starch or Hair Powder, together with ru % 7acdstarc\y she horses and Package containing the same, that shall be found in any Ship or Vessel, or shall be carrying in any Cart or Wagon, or in any other Carriage whatsoever, where they shall have good Reason to

fulpetft and believe the lame hath been made in fonie private Workhouse or other Place, or clandestinely imported without Payment of any Duty, or that the same is Starch or Hair Powder, which hath been exported and relanded again, after the Duty had been repaid and drawn back for the same, at the Time of Exportation thereof, and that after such Seizure shall have been made, the said respective and shall within Officer or Officers of Excise or Customs are hereby required, within ten Days next after such Seizure, information to exhibit an Information before any three or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise, or any before commis two or more Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any such Seizures shall be made, and, *rs°r, n*cj, fe' at the hearing of such Information, the Party in whose possession any such Starch or Hair Powder hath Such starclifor been found, does not make it appear that the Duty hath been paid for the same, all the said Starch and fated, if not Hair Powder so seized for the Causes aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Horses and Package contained in the same; and the Person in whole Possession such Starch or Hair Powder shall be found, was paid, an dl. shall likewise forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Hundred Weight, and foin Proportion for for every C wc. any greater or Idler Quantity; and the said Commissioners or Justices of the Peace shall then proceed to give Judgement for the Forfeiture of the said Starch or Hair Powder, together with the Horses and Package containing the same, and likewise for the Forfeiture of the said Sum, in Proportion as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers by War officers for the Duties upon Starch, or any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall have cause to for starch con ffifped that Starch is privately making in any Place or Places whatsoever, or that any Starch is lodged or cealed. concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty of his Duty; then

and in every such Case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners for the Duties upon Starch, or any one or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, residing near the Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspeff the same to be privately making, or to be lodged or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made, if lie or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every such Place or Places, where he or they shall so suspect that any Penalty for con starch is so privately making, lodged or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Starch as they cealing Starch, shall there find so privately making, together with all the Materials that shall be there ready and prepar ing for the making of Starch, and likewise all such Starch as they shall find so lodged and concealed in any Place or Places whatever, as forfeited, for the Use of such Persons as by this act is hereafter directed, together with all and every the Boxes, and all and every other Thing or Things, wherein the same shall be contained, and the Person or Persons that shall be found so privately making Starch as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons in whose Possession any Starch shall be found, unless he, she or they do make it appear that the Duty has been paid for the same as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons whatever shall let, obstruct or hinder any of the aforesaid Officers from entering any such Place or Places for the Purposes aforesaid, or in seizing and carrying away any Starch, or any Materials for the making of Starch, which is and are before declared to be forfeited for the Causes aforesaid, together with all and every the Boxes, Thing or Things wherein the same is contained, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in the making of Hair Powder, Be it further Penalty for mi -

by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand Hnair

seven hundred and thirty-one, if any Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, or any Perfumer, Peruke a°abaftcnn&c, maker, Barber, or any Seller or Sellers of or Dealers in Hair Powder, shall mix or cause to be mixed,

any Powder of Alabaster, Plaster of Paris, 'Falk, Chalk, Whiting, Lime, or any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatsoever (Rice first made into Starch, and Sweet Scents only excepted) with any Starch, or with any Powder of Starch to be made use of for making of Hair Powder, and shall make or cause to be made any Hair Powder, with any of the Materials before mentioned, or with any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatsoever, other than Starch or Powder of Starch, or of Rice first made into Starch, and shall use, sell or offer to sell, any Hair Powder so mixed or made, he, she or they shall forfeit all the Hair Powder so mixed or made, and likewise the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who Makers of ffar is, are or shall be a Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, shall at the chief Office of Excise in London, Powder to male or at the Office of Excise next adjoining to the Place where he, she or they shall respectively inhabit theexcifcoffice. or reside, make a true Entry in Writing of his, her or their respective Place or Places of Abode, together

with all and every the Workhouse or \vorkhouses, and all and every other Place or Places whatsoever, that shall be made use of by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for the making of Hair Powder, on Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of twenty Pounds.

58 G. 14. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

Office

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any houses, "to Officer or Officers for the Duties upon Starch, at all Times by Day, at his or their Request, to enter the examine Hair House or Houses, Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other Place or Places whatsoever, bee Powder. longing to or that shall be made use of by any Person or Persons, for the making of Hair Powder, and likewise the Shop or Shops belonging to any Perfumer, peruke maker, Barber, or other Seller or Sellers of or Dealers in Hair Powder, and there to examine all and every Parcel or Parcels of Hair Powder, and to carry away any Sample or Parcel of the same, paying a reasonable Price for the same, according to the Price that Hair Powder shall then commonly bear and be sold for; and if upon Examination of the Hair Powder so bought, it shall appear that the same is mixed, or made with any ala baster, Plaster of Paris, Talk, Chalk, Whiting, Lime, or with any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatsoever, other than Starch or Powder of Staich (Rice first made into Starch and Sweet Scent only as before excepted) the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall have been found, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Penalty tc r hav

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any starch maker or starch anyaiabafterf ma cers? powder maker or powder makers, Dealer or Dealers in Plair Powder whatsoever, shall have' C'his, her or their Possession, any Alabaster, Plaster of Paris, Talk, Chalk, Whiting, Lime, or any other Material or Materials whatsoever, besides Starch or Powder of Starch, or of Rice first made into starch, for the making, mixing or counterfeiting of Hair Powder, he, she or they shall forfeit all and every the said Material or Materials, and likewise the Sum of ten Pounds.

Penalty for not

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any siarch maker or starch makers, enter or Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, or Perfumer, peruke maker or Barber, or any other Seller or Warehouses, C Sellers of or Dealers in Hair Powder, upon due Request or Demand made by any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, in the daytime, shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit such Officer or Officers to enter and go into all and every the Workhouse or Workhouses, Shop or Shops, and all and every other Place or Places belonging to or that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the making or keeping of any Hair Powder, or shall refuse to fuller or permit any such Officer or Officers to examine, and to take and carry away with him or them, an Parcel or Sample of Hair Powder, upon his or their offering to pay for the same the Price that Hair Powder shall then commonly bear and be sold for, every such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Penalties to be X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures in thclaw of Ex currec* by any Person or Persons, for any Offence or Offences committed by them contrary to this Act, cife. WS° X shall be sued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by such Ways and Means, as any Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence or Offences committed by any Person or Persons, against any of the Laws of Excise, or either of them, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ifejlminjltr, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same within six Months next after the Offence committed.

XI. And whereas several ill disposed Persons do frequently dye, fabricate or manufacture, very great D Quantities of Sloe Leaves, Liquorish Leaves, and the Leaves of Tea that have been before used, or the Leaves of other Trees, Shrubs or Plants in Imitation of Tea, and do likewise mix, colour, stain and dye such Leaves, and likewise Tea, with Terra Japonica, Sugar, Molofles, Clay, Logwood, and with 10 Geo. j. C 10. ' other Ingredients, and do sell and vend the same as true and real Tea, to the Prejudice of the Health of his Majesty's Subjects, the Diminution of the Revenue, and to the Ruin of the fair Trader For Remedy Penalty for so of such Frauds and Abuses for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and phifticatingtea. afrer the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, if any Person or Persons, who shall be a Dealer in or Seller of Tea, shall dye, fabricate or manufacture any Sloe Leaves, Liquorish Leaves, or the Leaves of Tea that have been used, or the Leaves of any other Tree, Shrub or Plant in Imitation of Tea, or shall mix, colour, stain or dye such Leaves of Tea, with Terra Japonica, Sugar, Moloffes, Clay, Logwood, or with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, or shall fell and vend, utter, or offer or expose to Sale, or shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any such dyed, fabricated or manufactured Leaves in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, stained or dyed Leaves, or Tea mixed with any of the Ingredients before mentioned, or with any other Ingredients whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall respectively, for every Pound of such Leaves so dyed, fabricated or manufactured in Imitation of Tea, and for every Pound of such mixed, coloured, stained or dyed Leaves or Tea, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XII. And whereas great Quantities of Cocoa Nutlhels and Husks have been lately imported, and after such Importation are fabricated and worked up, so as to imitate either Coffee or Chocolate, and then after are vended and sold as such, to the endangering the Healths of his Majesty's Subjects, and to, 1 (or!m_ ' the great Diminution and lessening of the Inland Duties charged upon those Commodities: 'For pre

porting Cocoa" ' venting whereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after Nutfhels or the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, shall import any' Cocoa che^uTs'1'10111 Nutfhels or Husks, without the Nuts thereunto belonging, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Concerning Tea, majesty's Officers of the Customs, Excise, or the said Inland Duties, to seize and secure the same, where wc.jeefarther, ever such Cocoa Nutfhels or Husks shall be imported or sound, together with the Bags, Boxes and isgeo 2' I' 26 ot ler Package where the lame shall be contained, and that after such Seizure the said Cocoa Nutfhels or 21 get.z. C 14. Husks, together with the Bags and other Package, shall be condemned according to due Form of Law,

59

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 15, 16.

and after such Condemnation, such Cocoa Nutfliels or Hulks shall be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as his Majesty's Commissioners of the Culfoms, Excise or Inland Duties respectively concerned, or any three or more of them shall think fit to direct and ajipoint; and for the Encouragement of his Majesty's said Officers to discover the Importation of such Cocoa Nutfliels and Hulks, his Majesty's commissioners of the Customs, Excise and Inland Duties respectively concerned, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to reward any such Officer or Officers, making Seizure of such Cocoa Nutfhels or Husks imported as aforesaid, in any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings per Hundred Weight, out of the Duties arising upon the Importation of Coconuts, or by the Inland Duties upon Chocolate, or either of them.

CAP. XV.

An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America directly into Ireland, Goods not enumerated in any Act of Parliament.

WHEREAS by several acis of Parliament made in this Kingdom, and now in Force, it is enacted, that no Sugars, Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, Indigo, Ginger, Speckle Wood or Jamaica 'j eti/

: Wood, Fustick, or other dying Wood, Rice, Molasses, Beaver Skins, and other Furs, Copper Ore, f.'z6.

£ Pitch, Tar, urpentine, Mails, Yards and Bowsprights, of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of 25 Car. 1. C 7. ' any of his Majesty's Lands, Elands, Plantations or Colonies in America, shall be carried, conveyed or imported from any of the said Plantations to any Land, Territory, Dominion, Port or Place whatso ever, other than to such other Plantations as do belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to

the Kingdom of Great Britain: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in this Kingdom in the

seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for prev en tins 7 w 3'

Frauds and regulating Abafes in the Plantation Trade, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That it shall u3. C n.

not be lawful, on any Pretence whatsoever, to put on Shore in the Kingdom of Ireland any Goods or 3 & i, arne. 5 ' Merchandizes of the Growth or Product of any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, unless the f If C ' same have been first landed in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick, 7. c'30 upon Tweed, and paid the Rates and Duties wherewith they are chargeable by Law, under the Penalty 8 Am. C 13.

£ of the Forfeiture of the Ship and Goods: And whereas the said Act of the seventh and eighth Years of finn' c'17 ' his laid late Majesty King William the Third, hath been construed to extend to prohibit the im 10 Ann. C 22 3 "£ porting from his Majesty's Plantations in America into the Kingdom of Ireland, as well such Goods 6 and Merchandise of the Growth or Product of his Majesty's said Plantations as are not enumerated, as \' cc'

those Goods and Merchandise of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the said Plantations which & i5'.

are in the several Adds for that Purpose enumerated, and required to be imported into this Kingdom3*c s of Great Britain, or to some other of the said Plantations, to the great Prejudice of the Trade and f" c'izi Navigation of this his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and his Majesty's said Plantations: 'For "

Remedy whereof be it enacted, And it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to import Goods W enu into the said Kingdom of Ireland from His Majesty's Plantations in America, and to land and put on Shore aa^fvaj iia 7 in the said Kingdom of Ireland, all Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Product or Manufacture ment, may be of any of his Majesty's said Plantations (except Sugars, Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, Indigo, Ginger, imported int Speckle Wood or Jamaica Wood, Fustick, or other dying Wood, Rice, Molasses, Beaver Skins, and plantations?. other Furs, Copper ore, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Mails, Yards and Bowsprights, of the Growth, British Ships, C Product or Manufacture of the said Plantations) 5 anything in the said recited act of the seventh and eighth Years of his said late Majesty King William the Third, or in any other act contained, or any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding' '

II. Provided always, That the Goods and Merchandise to be imported into the said Kingdom of Ire of Hops into ire land from his Majesty's Plantations in America, by Virtue of this act, shall be imported in British Ship, ? 9; ping, whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are Brit if). concnlhgp/ltu

tiins, 3 Geo. 2. t. 7 & 9. ^gec.z. C 13. 8 gvs. 2. C 19. 12 gen.z. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 31 & 33. z gco. 2. C 51 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 S' 35. 30 Gfs. 2. C 9.

er

into ths

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prevent the stealing of Linen, Fustian and Cotton Goods and Wares from Fields,

Grounds and other Places used for whitening, bleaching or drying the same.

FOR the more effectual preventing of Thefts frequently committed in Fields or Grounds and other Repealed by Places used for whitening, bleaching or drying of Linen, Fustian and Cotton Goods or Wares; l3 Geo C i7 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, Stealing from who at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one shall sc

by Day or Night feloniously take, steal and carry away, or who shall wilfully or maliciously hire, or sn Linen, A. procure for Money or other Reward, any other Person or Persons feionioully to take, steal and carry to the Value of away, out of and from any whitening or bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, bowking house, iosm drying house or other Building, Ground or Place made use of by any Whitfter, Crofter, Bowkcr dr Bleacher for whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying any Linen, Fustian or Cotton Cloth, or Cloth

I 2 worked,

60 C 17. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

worked, woven or made of any Cotton and Linen Yarn mixed, or any Thread, Linen or Cotton' Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, Incle, Filleting, Laces, or any other Linen, Fustian or Cotton Goods or Wares whatsoever, laid, placed or exposed to be whitened, bowked, bleached or dried in any such whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying Croft, Lands, Fields, Grounds, Houses, Buildings or other cr buying or replaces, to the Value of ten Shillings, or who shall buy or receive any such Goods or Wares, knowing Knowing it to be le same to shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be a Felon and Felons, and every Per

itoien, & son offending in the Premises, being convicted thereof according to due Form of Law, shall be and is Fdcny with js hereby declared to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of clergy Clergy, unless the Judge or Court before whom such Trial and Conviction shall be, shall think it reason crthejudgemay able upon the Circumstances of the Case, that the Party offending, instead of suffering Death, should be order him to be transported to some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations beyond the Seas; in which Case it shall and jnport may be lawful for such Judge or Court, or for any subsequent Court, with the like Authority as the former to be held for the same County, Riding, Division, Liberty or Place where such Felon or Felons, Offender or Offenders were or shall be tried and convicted, notwithstanding such subsequent Court shall happen to be held at or in any other Town or Place than that wherein such Trials or Convictions were or shall be, to order the Person or Persons so convicted for any Offence aforesaid to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America for the Space of seven Years, in Geo. 1. c. 11. Manner as is directed for the Transportation of Offenders by an Act made in the fourth Year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates, or as is directed by another Act made in the 6 Geo. i. C 23. sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and for that Purpose all Powers and' Authorities contained in the said Aets, or either of them, and which are now in Force concerning other' Felonies, shall be observed in the Execution of this Act.

Such Persons re H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons ordered to orfretsurn!ngb&c. transported in pursuance of this Act shall refuse so to be, or shall break Prison. come on' to suffer Death shore, or return into this Realm before the Term expired, for which he, she or they shall be ordered to See further be transported, he, she or they offending in any such Manner shall and may be treased, apprehended and'. 17 Geo. 2. £. 30. tried, and being convicted shall suffer Death in like Manner as any Person ordered to be transported, c.if, according to the said recited Acts, or either of them, may by the Laws of this Realm in like Cases be 25, 27 & 36. treated, tried or suffered; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise not with- --

c. 26. n !*J ° J

24 Geo. 2. 46. Handing.

29 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XVII.

An act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Pier or Piers and' Harbour of Newhaven, in;

the County of Stiff ex.

PR.

WHEREAS good Harbours and Ports for Shipping are the greatest Encouragement to Trade and Navigation, upon which the Riches and Strength of this Kingdom do chiefly depend: And'

whereas there hath been Time immemorial a Pier or Piers of Timber built near the Town of Newhaven,

in the County of Sussex, and a safe and good Harbour for Ships of a considerable Burden, but the same (for want of a Provision for the Maintenance thereof) is of late become neglected, and frequently choked with Sands and Beech, and the Pier or Piers thereof are fallen to Ruin, to the great Damage of the Merchants, Owners of Ships and Inhabitants of the said Town, the Port of Lews and other Places adjacent, and of all his Majesty's Subjects, whose Lives and Estates are many Times lost,

which might be prevented, if the said Haven and Pier or Piers were restored and rebuilt with a proper and convenient Sluice or Sluices to scour and cleanse the same, by which the ancient Trade of the said Town and Port of Lews might be revived, his Majesty's Customs augmented, and the adjacent Lands improved: To the End therefore that the said Haven or Harbour and Peir or Piers may be restored and rebuilt, and such Sluice or Sluices made, Be it enacted, C "

"appointed for repairing the Piers and Harbour of Newhaven. The Duties on Goods "exported or imported. For every Chalder or Tun of Coals, Salt, Plaster of Paris, Tarris, Tobacco Pipeclay, Stone and Marble Blocks, Lead, Bushel Iron, cast and Bar Iron, and other Goods paying "by the Tun, is. For every Load of Timber, isfe. is. For every Load of Tan or Bark, zs. For every Hundred of Single Deals, Spars, Users, Pipe, Hogshead and Barrel Staves, 1 s. For every "Hundred of Double Deals, zs. and of three Inch Deals, 3;. For every Quarter of Wheat, Peas, "Tares, Beans and Hay Seeds, 3 d. For every Quarter of Barley, Malt, Oats, Saint Foin and light Grains, zd. For every Hogshead of Wine and other Liquids, 6d. For every Hogshead of Sugar, 44 Tobacco and other dry Goods, gd. and for every Tierce, 6d. For every Barrel of Pitch, Tar, Gro ceries, and other Goods contained in Barrels, d. and in Proportion for smaller Casks. For every "Bundle, Bail, Pack, Basket, Crate, Hamper and Chest of Hemp, Linens, Woollen, Glass, Fruits, "earthenware, not exceeding three hundred Weight, 3 d. For every hundred Weight of Alum, "Cheese, Tallow, Colours, Shot, Nails, Chains, and wrought Iron, Brafiers and Pewterers Wares, and other Goods paying Duty or Freight per Hundred, 1 a. For every Groce of Bottles, Stone or Glass, 3 d. for every hundred Feet of paving Stones or paving Marble, zs. For every thousand of

Tiles, Bricks and Clinkers, is. For every Ship (Filling Vends excepted) that comes to load or

"unload.

A.D. 173r. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. j 19. 61

"unload, zd. per Tun, For every Vessel that shall come in, and neither load nor unload, zs. each

twelve to fifty Tuns, and if above fifty Tuns, s. For all Goods not enumerated, one twelfth "Part of the usual Freight from London to Newhaven. Duty to be paid by the Importer. Commis "to appoint Collectors. of may assign the Duties as a Security for Money to be borrowed. The Books to be laid before the Quarter sessions of Suffix yearly at Michaelmas. No Ballast "Dust, GY. to be thrown into the Harbour. of dying or refusing to act, surviving Com "to elect others

e a p. XVIII

An Act to prevent counterfeiting the Parts, commonly called Mediterranean Pajfes.

WHEREAS certain Treaties or Conventions have been concluded, and are subsisting between For firmer Laws

yv the King's most excellent Majesty and the several States and Governments of Barbary, for efta

blishing and preserving.a firm and inviolable Peace between his Majesty and the said States and Govern \ Jf 14.

ments, and their respective Dominions and Subjects, by which Treaties it is stipulated and agreed, i ' C That all Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects, may freely pass the Seas, fjfffifg'.fl ' and safely enter and come into the Ports and Harbours of the said respective States and Governments,

without any Let, Hindrance, Seizure or Molestation, upon producing Passes of a certain Form under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Admiral ot Great Britain and Ireland, or of the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being; and in Conformity to those Treaties, and pursuant to several Orders of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; such Passes have from Time to Time been issued and are commonly called Mediterranean.

Pajfes: And whereas diverse wicked and ill disposed Persons, Subjects of his Majesty, have made and forged such Passes, and have counterfeited the Seal of the said Office and the Hands of several of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland,

and have, sold and published such false and counterfeit Passes in Parts beyond the Seas, or elsewhere

Practises do not only tend to the manifest Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue and the Loss and Damage of the Merchants of this Kingdom, by subjecting their Ships, Persons and Effects to be seized and detained; but may also occasion a Breach of the Peace, Amity and Friendship between' this Kingdom and the States and Governments aforementioned, should such Offenders go unpunished:

whereas the said Crimes and Offences, being frequently committed in foreign Parts, are not triable or cognizable in any Court of Great Britain or Ireland for remedying such Defect and Inconvenience, and also for inflicting a more exemplary Punishment upon such Offenders, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and commons in this present ^parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Counterfeiting if any Person or Persons, after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand p^'peion1" seven hundred and thirty-one, shall within Great Britain or Ireland, or any other His Majesty's do without Benefit minions, or without, falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged of clergy. or counterfeited, or wittingly or knowingly actor assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting any Pass or Passes for any Ship or Ships whatsoever, commonly called a Mediterranean Pass or Mediterranean Pajfes, or shall counterfeit the Seal of the said Office, or the Hand or Hands of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, or of any Commissioner or Commissioners for executing the said Office for the Time being, to any such Pass or Passes, or shall alter or erase any true and authentic Pass or Passes issued or made out by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office for the Time being, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, altered or erased Pass or Passes, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited, altered or erased, all and every such Person and Persons, being in due Form of Law convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid in any. proper Court of Great Britain, Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, where <uch Offence shall be committed respectively, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of clergy.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every theffcrimes the Crimes and Offences before mentioned, which shall be done or committed in any Country or Place mas' 'sdomi3 out of Great Britain, either within the Dominions of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or without, nions, or with" shall and may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any Shire or County of Great out.may be tried Britain, by virtue of the King's Commission or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, qr^ty| J "r2ejnof or before any Court of Justiciary in Scotland respectively, in the same Manner as if such Offence or Of C '

fences was or were done or committed within the same County or Shire where such Offender or Offenders Concerning fcr shall be tried; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, f

3l Git. 2. r, 22.

CAP. XIX.

An act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Pier and Harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the County of Devon; P R.

WHEREAS the Harbour of Ilfordcombe in the County of Devon hath by long Experience been found to be of great Use and Benefit to the Western Parts of this Kingdom, and to all seafaring. ' Men, who by the Stress of Weather have been driven upon that Coast; whereas the Key or Pier of the said Port or Harbour, which contains eight hundred fifty and six Feet in Length or thereabouts,

62 C 20j 21. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

and about forty-two Feet in Height, and the warp house, light house and pilot boats and taw boats belonging to the said Port or Harbour, were at hr ft founded and built, and have constantly been re paired and maintained at the private Expense of the Ancestors of Sir Bourchier Wrey, Baronet, ' Lords of the Manor of llfordcombe aforesaid, without any Afiiltance, except only some small Acknowledgments which have been paid to them, as Lords of the said Manor of llfordcombe: And whereas by Length of Time and Violence, of the Sea, the Key or Pier of the Port or Harbour aforesaid is very much sunk and decayed, the Warp and warp house by long Usage gone to Decay, and the light house and the said Boats for piloting and tawing of Vessels very much out of Repair, to the great Prejudice of Jiis majesty's Revenue, and the Trade of the said Town of llfordcombe, and Parts adjacent; so that unless some speedy Care be taken to repair the said Key ' or Pier, light house, warp house and Boats for piloting and tawing of Vessels, the said Harbour will become useless to the Kingdom and dangerous to Navigation, and the Charges of repair ing and maintaining the same will be too great to be born by the said Sir Bourchier Wrey and his Heirs, although the ancient Duties and Acknowledgments should be duly paid and answered, ' which of late Years have been much sunk and lost ror'w'ant of a Power to recover the same: ' Be it therefore enacted, &c.

Toi) forwoollcn ce For Woollen and Bay Yarn and Flocks, zq, 'per Stone, each 18 Pounds; and for every Tun of other Goods, C. 8 d. And for every Ship which shall come into the Harbour, not being their discharging Port,

"the Keelage following, that is to say, For every Ship using the Coasting Trade belonging to the Port, "6d. For every Ship or Vessel not belonging to the Port, using the Coasting Trade, it. 6d. and for "every other Ship coming from the Plantations or bound thither, 2 s. 6d, and for every Ship, 6 d. for "each Top. And for the Keelage of every Boat belonging to any other Port, d. For the Light (which shall be setup at. Michaelmas, and continue till the first of March) there shall be paid by every Ship "belonging to the Port, 6d. and by every other Ship, is. And for laying up of Ships there shall be "paid the Duties following, that is to say. For every Ship belonging to the Harbour, as. 4d. and for "every other Ship, 6 s. 8 d. For every Boat tmployed in the Herring Fifltery, s. 4a. and for every "Boat fishing for Mackrel, s. 4 d. And for every Barrel of Herrings exported to or from the said

To sirbourchier! Port, id. And for every Horse Load of Goods imported or exported, 3 d. There shall be paid for

'u^0lkeef' "every Dicker of Leather landed, 3 d. For every Hogshead of Tobacco, 3 d. For every Wey of 'Coals, 6d. For every Horse; id. For every Bullock, 2a. For every Score of Sheep, 4d. For

"every Dozen of earthenware, 2 q. For every Meafe of Herrings unfalted carried out, 3 d. For

"every Tun of Ballast, 2 d. For every Tun of Lime stones landed, 1 d. For every Tun of Groceries

or Saltery Wares, r s. 6 d. For every Hundred of Barrel Staves, d. For every Bundle of Hoops,

"2 q. For every Pack of Bays or Stuff, 3 d. For every Hundred of Cheese, zd. And for the laying "up of every fishing Boat as mall not pay Duty, 2 s. 2 d. Custom Officers not to take Entries, e "these Duties are paid. Sir B. Wrey may appoint a Water bailiff, "

CAP. XX.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gravesend in the County of Kent, as one of the fifty new Churches directed to be built by two acts of Parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

PR.

CC Gravesend Church to be rebuilt as one of the fifty new Churches, j, oooo /. allotted for the Rebuilding. ic Church to be built with Brick as well as Stone."

---

CAP. XXI.

An act to explain a Clause in an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For naturalising foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain.

[7 Ann. c. 5.]

'WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for naturalizing of foreign Protestants, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Children of all natural-born Subjects, born out of the Ligeance of her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, should be deemed, adjudged and taken to be natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever: And whereas in the tenth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign

[10 Ann. c. 5.]

another Act was made and passed to repeal the said Act (except what related to the Children of her Majesty's natural-born Subjects, born out of her Majesty's Allegiance:) And whereas some Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of the said recited Clause in the said Act of the seventh Year of her late Majesty's Reign:' Now for the explaining the said recited Clause in the said Act, relating to Children of natural-born Subjects, and to prevent any Disputes touching the true Intent and Meaning thereof, May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be declared and enacted, and be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Children of natural-born Subjects born out of the Allegiance of the Crown, declared to be natural-born.]

That all Children born out of the Ligeance of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, or which shall hereafter be born out of such Ligeance, whose Fathers were or shall be natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, at the

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. C. 22. 63

Time of the Birth of such Children respectively, shall and may,

[7 Ann. c. 5. s. 3.]

by virtue of the said recited Clause in the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, and of this present Act, be adjudged and taken to be, and all such Children are hereby declared to be natural-born Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

[Children or Parents attainted of Treason,]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act of the seventh Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, or in this present Act contained, did, doth or shall extend, or ought to be construed, adjudged or taken to extend, to make any Children born or to be born out of the Ligeance of the Crown of England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to be natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, whose Fathers at the Time of the Birth of such Children respectively were or shall be attainted of High Treason, by Judgement, Outlawry or otherwise, either in this Kingdom or in Ireland, or whose Fathers at the Time of the Birth of such Children respectively, by any Law or Laws made in this Kingdom or in Ireland, were or shall be liable to the Penalties of High Treason or Felony, in case of their returning into this Kingdom or into Ireland without the Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any of his Majesty's Royal predecessors,

[or in actual Service of foreign Princes in Enmity with the Crown, excepted.]

or whose Fathers at the Time of the Birth of such Children respectively were or shall be in the actual Service of any foreign Prince or State then in Enmity with the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, but that all such Children are, were and shall be and remain in the same State, Plight and Condition to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in, if the said Act of the seventh Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, or this present Act, had never been made; anything herein, or in the said Act of the seventh Year of her said late Majesty's reign contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Child, whose Father at the Time of the Birth of such Child was attainted of High Treason as aforesaid, or was liable to the Penalties of High Treason or Felony, in case of returning into this Kingdom or Ireland without Licence as aforesaid, or was in the actual Service of any foreign Prince or State then in Enmity with the Crown of England, or of Great Britain (other than and excepting always out of this Proviso all Children of such Persons, who went out of Ireland in pursuance of the Articles of Limerick) hath come into Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and hath continued to reside within Great Britain or Ireland, or other the Dominions aforesaid, for the Space of two Years, at any Time between the sixteenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand hundred and eight, and the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and during such Residence hath professed the Protestant Religion; or if any child, whose Father at the Time of his or her Birth was within any of the Descriptions before mentioned, hath come into Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and professed the Protestant Religion, and died within Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the Dominions aforesaid, at any Time between the said sixteenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; or if any Child, whose Father at the Time of his or her Birth was within any of the Descriptions before mentioned, hath been and continued in the actual possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain or Ireland, for the Space of one whole Year, at any Time between the said sixteenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, or hath bona fide, and for good and valuable Consideration, sold, conveyed or settled any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain or Ireland, and any Person claiming Title thereto, under such Sale, Conveyance or Settlement, hath been and continued in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for the Space of six Months, between the said sixteenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, every such Child shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be and to have been a natural born Subject of the Crown of England, or of the Crown of Great Britain, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever; anything, herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol.

PR.

---

"Trustees to meet at the Guildhall in Bristol on 1 June 1731, &c. The separate Trustees to erect tolli3 ceo. 1. C 12 "Gates and appoint Surveyors and Collectors, tfc. On Adjournment three Trustees not appearing, to., 22 Geo. zicas "'be further adjourned to that Day sevennight. After Repayment of Charges, C the Toll to be ap "separately. Application of Toll for common Roads near Bristol. Trustees may assign over the "several Tolls. Roads sufficiently amended, and Loans paid oft, Toll to cease. Trustees may com "

"with Travellers, and elect a Treasurer. Trustees to choose new ones to supply Vacancies.

"The Act to continue from 24 June 1731, for 21 Years."

Cap.

64

C 23-25

Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

2 Geo. 2. c. 26.

n & 12 W. 3.

C 21.

feriyboats, flat-bottomed Boats and Barges navigated from Kingston or Windsor, exempted from the Penalties.

2 Geo. 2. c. 26.

[Public Act.]

te farther con crrnirg Watermen j'o Gcq. 2. c. 31.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath in the County of Ox on, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

The Toll took Place the 29th of May 1731, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act passed in the second Year of his Majesty's Reign (For making more effectual several Acts relating to Watermen, Wherry men and Lightermen rowing on the River Thames) so far as the same relates to Ferry Boats and flat-bottomed Boats.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual several Acts faffed relating to Watermen, wherrymen and Lightermen rowing on the River Thames, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, wherrymen_and Lightermen, it is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not having served for the Space of seven Years to any Waterman, Wherryman or Lighterman (except Trinitymen, Fishermen, Ballastmen and Persons employed in rowing or any ways navigating Western Barges, Mill Boats, Chalk Boys, Faggot and Wood Lighters, Dung Boats and e Gardiners Boats, in such Manner as had been accustomed and was allowed and reserved in an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William the Third) should row or cause to be rowed or worked any Boat, Wherry, Lighter or other Vessel or Craft, upon the said River for Hire or Gain between Gravesend in the County of Kent and Windsor in the County of Berks, and being thereof con vifted, should be liable to such Forfeiture and Punishment as therein is mentioned: And whereas same Doubts have lately ariien touching Ferry Boats worked or used at or between the Towns of Kingston and Windsor on the River of Thames, whether the same be deemed large Craft, and also touching flat bottomed Boats and Barges navigated from and to the said Towns of Kingston and Windsor, or Places between the said Towns on the said River of Thames, from and to other Places on the said River, whe there the same be deemed Western Barges or not, and by Means whereof several Prosecutions have been had, to the Interruption of Trade and enhancing the Price of the Carriage of Goods For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Ferry Boats shall not be deemed or taken to be large Craft, and that all flat-bottomed Boats and Barges navigated from the said Towns of King fan or Windsor, or Places' between the said Towns, to any other Place or Places on the said River of Thames, and from thence to the said Towns of Kingston or Windsor, or Places between the said Towns, shall be deemed and taken to be Western Barges, and shall and may navigate on the said River of Thames as far as London Bridge, as freely as any Western Barge may navigate thereon; and that no Person or Persons working or using such Ferry Boats at or between the said Towns, nor any Person or Persons navigating such flat-bottomed Boats or Barges on the said River, shall be subject or liable to any Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures laid or imposed by the said recited Act of Parliament or any Act of Parliament therein mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken in all Courts and Places within this Kingdom to be a public Act; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for confirming an Agreement lately entered into between the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Worcester, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop market of the said City in the Workhouse there; and for veiling the Right of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens, of keeping a Hop market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors for ever.

PR.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Worcester, have agreed to grant unto the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors for ever, the Liberty, ' Privilege and Power of holding and keeping in or at the public Workhouse of the said City, now ' y.efted in the said Guardians, a public and open Market for the buying and selling of Hops only,

commonly called a Hop market, and all their Right and Title thereto, and to the Tolls, Profits and

Advantages arising therefrom; subject nevertheless, and charged and chargeable with the Payment of the yearly Rent of sixty Pounds clear of all Taxes, Parish Rates and Outgoings whatsoever, imposed f or to be imposed thereupon; reserving to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Citizens of the said City, e and their Successors for ever, die Liberty and Power of nominating and appointing a hop weigher to attend the said Market, and to be employed in the weighing of all Hops to be bought and sold in the said Market, who is to be allowed a yearly Salary of twenty Pounds, to be paid by the said Mayor,

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 26.

Aldermen and Citizens of the said City, out of the said yearly Rent of sixty Pounds; and whereas the settling, holding and keeping of a Hop market at the said Workhouse, and the granting the Tolls and Profits thereof to the said Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their successors, at the said' 4 yearly Rent of sixty Pounds, and subject to the Power herein before mentioned, will (as there is good reason to believe) greatly increase the Income and Revenue of the Poor of the said City, and prove a ' general Benefit and Advantage to the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof: Therefore the Guardians of the Poor of the said City of Worcester do, in all humble Manner, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, tfc.

"A public Hop market to be held by the Guardians of the Workhouse at tvorcester, with the sole Pro 2 &, Ann. C

perty thereof. Chargeable to the Mayor, £sy. with the full yearly Rent of 60l. Plops to be brought 3tjeo. z. C 13. "to the Hop market, and there publicly foldr Gtc. Mayor, C to constitute the hop weigher.

"hop weigher to give Security. On Misbehaviour may be displaced. Mayor, tsv. absent, his place "to be supplied by any of the Chamber. Freemen may weigh in their private Houses Hops weighed "in the Hop market, and sell them.

CAP. XXVI.

An act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language.

WHEREAS many and great Mischiefs do frequently happen to the Subjects of this Kingdom, from the Proceedings in Courts of Justice being in an unknown Language, those who are summoned and impleaded having no Knowledge or Understanding of what is alleged for or against them in the pleadings of their Lawyers and Attorneys, who ule a Character not legible to any but Persons practising the Law: To remedy these great Mischiefs, and to protect the Lives xhls ex. and Fortunes of the Subjects of that Part of Great Britain called England, more effectually than hereto tended to Wales fore, from the Peril of being ensnared or brought in danger by Forms and Proceedings in Courts bf 6_geo, 2 of Justice, in an unknown Language, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by andc, 14' with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, all Writs, Process and Returns thereof, and Proceedings thereon, and all Pleadings, Rules, Orders, Indictments, Informations, Inquisitions,

Presentinents, Verdicts, Prohibitions, Certificates, and all Patents, Charters, Pardons, Commissions, or Exche records, Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, Bonds, Rolls, Entries, Fines and Recoveries, and all qgrinscotiand, Proceedings relating thereunto, and all Proceedings of Courts Leet, Courts Baron and Customary to beinengtish, Courts, and all Copies thereof, and all Proceedings whatsoever in any Courts of Justice within that "nd £wordsat Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and which concern the 6 Geo. 2. c. 6, Law and Administration of Justice, shall be in the English) Tongue and Language only, and not in Latin or French, or any other Tongue or Language whatsoever, and shall be written in such a common legible Hand and Character, as the Acts of Parliament are usually ingrafted in, and the Lines and Words of the same to be written at least as close as the said Acts usually arc, and not in any Hand commonly called Court Hand, and in Words at Length and not abbreviated; any Law, Custom or Usage heretofore to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: all and every Person or Per p.

fons offending against this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty ena y 50*Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information £1(^redzbyc in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Westminster hall, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland f, I" C

respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Mistranslation, Variation in Form Mistranslation by reason of Translation, Mispelling or Mistake in Clerkship, or Pleadings or Proceedings begun or to before 25 March be begun before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, being 1733-nla.v be part in Latin and part in English, shall be no Error, nor make void any Proceedings by reason thereof; oafterdjudg°1c but that all manner of Mistranslation, Errors in Form, Mispellings, Mistakes in Clerkship, may at any meat. J Time be amended, whether in Paper or on Record or otherwise, before or after Judgement, upon Payment of reasonable Costs only.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, nor anything herein contained, llvall extend to eer not to extend to

tifying beyond the Seas any Case or Proceedings in the Court of Admiralty; but that in such Cases the In

Commissions and Proceedings may be certified in Latin as formerly they have been. clrgridmi

IV. And whereas several good and profitable Laws have been enacted, to the Intent that the Par raity.

ties in all manner of Actions and Demands might not be delayed and hindered from obtaining the effect of their Suits, after Issue tried and Judgement given, by reason of any subtle, ignorant or dc fedive Pleadings, nor for any Defect in Form, commonly called Jeofails; 'ft is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every Statute and Statutes for the Reformation and Amending the Delays statutes foe re arising from any Jeofails whatsoever, shall and may extend to all and every Form and Forms, and forming Delays to all Proceedings in Courts of Justice .(except in criminal Cases) when the Forms and Proceedings^Extended to ate in English); and that all and every Error and Mistake whatsoever, which would or might be amend the r.njunb ed and remedied by any Statute of Jeofails, if the Proceedings had been in Latin, all such Errors Forms, and Mistakes of the same and like Nature, when the Forms are iiv English, shall be deemed, and are Vol. VI K hereby

After 2; March 1733, all pro ceeaines in

66 c.-27. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

hereby declared to be amended and remedied by the Statutes now in Force for the Amendment cf any Jeofail:; and this Clause shall be taken and construed.in all Courts of Justice in the most ample and beneficial Manner, for the Ease and Benefit of the Parties, and to prevent frivolous and vexatious Delays.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks therein mentioned; and allowing an additional Bounty on British made Sail Cloth exported; and for stamping British made Sail Cloth with the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker.

tci^r, pm tfor.i ' TX h EREAS the Wealth and Prosperity of this Kingdom does very: much depend upon the reding terete, «W Preservation. and Improvement of its Manufactures and whereas the Manufacture of Sail*s ri' ' Cloth does give a comfortable Support and Maintenance to many of his Majesty's Subjects implov h 10v y>.' C ed in the same, and there is reason to believe that it would be greatly improved in this Kingdom,

]- j'r 1 and the Exportation of it to foreign Parts eonliderably increased, if the Duties payable upon the Importation of rough and undressed Flax, and the Drawback upon the re exportation of foreign Sail Cloth or foreign made Sails, were taken off, and an additional Bounty allowed on all British made Sail Cloth exported; Therefore may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the same, vndn fled Flax That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, it to be imported shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to import into this Kingdom any «aemry°&t' Qyandty f rough or undressed Flax, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, Imposition or other Duty whatsoever, for the same, so as a due Entry be first made thereof in the Customhouse belonging to the

Port into which the same shall be imported, in such Manner and Form, and expressing the Quantities of such rough or undreft Flax, as were used and practised before the making of this Act, and so as the same be landed in the presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, and the Importation thereof be according to the Rules prescribed and enjoined by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of j2 car a, C is. the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging, and increasng of Shipping and Navigation.

Fhx liable to the IE Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That on Failure of the Conditions or Directions duties on Non herein last mentioned being performed, or any of them, in manner aforesaid, all such rough or undreft tchtia.nc6w, th'^ax shall fe liable to the respective Duties charged thereon, as the same might or would have been.

liable to, if this Act had never been made; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

nodrawback

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth uon^of foreign" June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, there Ilia 11 not be allowed or made, on the

sailcloth. S re exportation of foreign Sail Cloth, or any foreign made Sails, any Drawback or Repayment of any of the Customs or Duties charged and paid on the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Allowance of

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth one Penny per Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; there shall be allowed, over and above the s, l!i°cloth ex all°wance already given, a further Reward or Recompense of one Penny for every Ell of British made ported. Sail Cloth exported, the same to be given and paid out of the Money arising from an additional Duty

laid on, all Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, by an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of cher late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and continued by subsequent Acts; which said further Reward of one Penny per Ell. shall be subject to the same Provisoes and Penalties as the Allowance already given is subject and liable to.

V. And to the End that no Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, who is or are entitled to to any Part, Share or Interest, in the Moneys arising by the said Duties on rough or undreft Flax imported into this Kingdom, may be no Losers or receive any Prejudice, by taking off the said Duties, Be: Treasury toftate it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commission^cs0iribn°f ^loners f his Majesty's Treasury now being, the High Treasurer or any three or more of the coinmif w^toughfiax boners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby enjoined and required, on or before the An 7 Years pail, said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, to cause an Account to be made up and stated of the Moneys which shall have arisen by the said Duties on rough or undreft Flax, for seven Years last part.

The Medium of

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That the Medium of the Moneys appearing to have arisen by the the Produce said Duties within seven Years, shall be a certain annual Sum to be charged on the Fund called yw »fentefnnd ^isresaie Bund, and being so charged, shall from Time to Time be ifllied, paid, distributed and or Security to applied, to make good to the several publick Creditors or other Person or Persons, Body Politic or the Creditors. Corporate, having Interest or Security in the Money arising from the same Duties on rough or undreft Flax, would have been apportioned and applied, in case the said Duties had been continued, and not been determined by this Act.

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 2h. 67

VII. And whereas foreign unwrought Hemp re exported floes draw back Part of the Duties payable N Allowance upon Importation thereof, to the great Discouragement of manufacturing of Cordage within this Kingdom, to be exported to America it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from wrought Hrar.; > and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, there shallthv, !rill not be allowed or made on the re exportation of Hemp unwrought to any of his Majesty's British)*

Dominions in America, any Drawback or rc payment of any of the Duties or Customs, charged and paid on the Importation thereof into tins Kingdom, by any ait or Acts of Parliament; any Law, cu ilom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it cnatfted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Manufacturer or Maker of Sail Cloth Manufacturecrt# in Great Britain shall after the said twenty-fourth Day of June affix at the End of every Piece of such axe LII ay, e Sail Cloth a Stamp containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Manufacturer or Maker, in plain abode?0001 diflindt Letters and Words at Length; and if any Manufacturer or Maker of Sail Cloth shall sell or9Cco. 2. C 3j. expose to sale, any Piece or Pieces of Sail Cloth, without being damped as aforesaid, such Manufacturer 3 or Maker so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

City or Town, where the Offence shall be committed (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for each Penalty 51. and every Piece of Sail Cloth, by him or them sold or exposed to laic, not being stamped as aforesaid, Maliciously cut mid if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut off, destroy or obliterate, any ting off such Stamp so affixed as aforesaid, or shall affix or make use of any Stamp, on which shall be marked the m?rk forfeits Name and Place of Abode of any other Person or Persons, and not his or their real Name or Names, 10 ' and Place or Places of Abode, such Person or Persons being convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, See farther, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; both which lait mentioned For c'jv,

feitures shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chat g Geo. j c.lj. ties, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the gn.z. C 21 County, Riding, City or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, and shall go and be applied to the Use of the Informer or Informers.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds committed by Tenants, and for the more easy Recovery of Rents, and Renewal of Leases.

FOR securing to Lessors and Land Owners their just Rights, and to prevent Frauds frequently Former prcr f, committed by Tenants, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia 'a'

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Tenant or Tenants for any i Akk. cu. Term of Life, Lives or Years, or other Person or Persons, who are or shall come into Possession of p(rfon5 h?idi, n5 any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by, from or under, or by Collusion with such Tenant or ?fter Expiration Tenants, shall wilfully hold over any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, after the Determination of of Leases, to pay such Term or Terms, and after Demand made, and Notice in Writing given, for delivering the Poss rl ereai' feffioiv thereof, by his or their Landlords or Lessors, or the Person or Persons to whom the Remainder, y ue' or Reversion of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall belong, his or their Agent or Agents thereunto lawfully authorised; then and in such Case such Person or Persons so holding over, shall, for and during the Time he, (lie and they shall so hold over, or keep the Person or Persons entitled, out of Possession of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as aforesaid, pay to the Person or Persons so kept out of Possession, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at the Rate of double the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so detained, for so long time as the same are detained, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action ot Debt, whereunto the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give special Bail, against the recovering of which said Penalty there shall be no Relief in Equity.

II. And whereas great Inconveniences do frequently happen to Lessors and Landlords, in Cases of re entry for Nonpayment of Rent, by reason of the many Niceties that attend re entries at

common-law; and forasmuch as when a legal re entry is made, the Landlord or Lefior must be

4 at the Expense, Charge, and Delay, of recovering in Ejcdhnent, before he can obtain the adkual Possession of the demised Premises; it often happens that after such a re entry made, the Lessee

or his Assignee, upon one or more Bills filed in a Court of Equity, not only holds out the Lefl or or

Landlord by an Injunction, from recovering the Possession, but likewise, pending the said Suit, do run much more in Arrear, without giving any Security for the Rents due, when the said re entry was made, or which shall or do afterwards incur: 'For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases between Landlord and Tenant, from and after the twenty-fourth Day onh.ufave.n'4 of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, as often as it shall happen that one half year's jlen ilvarrear> Rent shall be in Arrear, and the Landlord or Lessor, to whom the same is due, hath Right by Law to reamer serving reenter for the Nonpayment thereof, such Landlord or Lessor shall and may, without any formal Dea Declaration of mand or re entry, serve a Declaration in Ejectment for the Recovery of the demised Premises, or in case the same cannot be legally served, or no Tenant be in adhial Possession of the Premises, then to affix the same upon the Door of any demised Message, or in case such Ejedhnent shall not be for the Recovery of any Message, then upon some notorious Place of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, comprised in such Declaration in Ejedfment, and such affixing shall be deemed legal Service

K 2 thereof.

C 28.

Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

thereof, which Service or Affixing such Declaration in Ejedment, shall stand in the Place and Stead of a Demand and reentry; in case of Judgement against the casual Ejedor, or Nonsuit for not confessing Lease, Entry and Ouster, it shall be made appear to the Court where the said Suit is depending, by Affidavit, or be proved upon the Trial, in case the Defendant appears, that half a year's Rent was due before the said Declaration was served, and that no sufficient Distress was to be found on the demised Premises, countervailing the Arrears then due, and that the Leflor or Lessors in Ejedment had When I cflbr !n Power to reenter; and in every such case the Leflor or Lessors in Ejedment shall recover Judgement recovercjudg 'y an Execution, in the same Manner as if the Rent in Arrear had been legally demanded, and a re msnt, C entry made; and in case the Lessee or Lessees, his, her or their Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons claiming or deriving under the said Leases, shall permit and suffer Judgement to be had and: recovered on such Ejedinent, and Execution to be executed thereon, without paying the Rent and Arrears, together with full Costs, and without filing any Bill or Bills for Relief in Equity, within six Calendar Months after such Execution executed; then and in such case the said Lessee or Lessees, his, her or their Assignee or Assignees, and all other Persons claiming and deriving under the said Lease, shall be barred and foreclosed from all Relief or Remedy in Lav or Equity, other than by Writ of Error, for Reversal of such Judgement, in case the same shall be erroneous, and the said Landlord or Leflor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised Premises discharged from such Lease; and if on such Ejedment Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited therein, except for the Defendant or Defendants not confessing Lease, Entry and Oufier, then in every such case such Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover his, her and their full Costs: Provided Not to bar the always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the Right of any Mortgagee or Mortgagees Right of any of such Lease, or any Part thereof, who shall not be in Possession, so as such Mortgagee or Mortgagees. Mortgagee. shall anc) within six Calendar Months after such Judgement obtained, and Execution executed, pay all Rent in Arrear, and all Costs and Damages sustained by such Leflor, Person or Persons entitled to the Remainder or Reversion as aforesaid, and perform all the Covenants and Agreements, which on the Part and Behalf of the first Lessee or Lessees are and ought to be performed.

Lessees filingbill

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Lessee or Lessees, his, ^uity, nt her or their Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons claiming any Right, Title or Interest, in junfliovagataft Law or Equity, of, in or to the said Lease, shall, within the Time aforesaid, file one or more Bill or Proceeding at Bills, for Relief in any Court of Equity, such Person or Persons shall not have or continue any Inlaw,

C junction, against the Proceedings at Law on such Ejectment, unless he, she or they do or shall, within

forty Days next after a full and perfect Answer shall be filed by the Leflor or Lessors of the Plaintiff in such Ejedment, bring into Court, and lodge with the proper Officer such Sum and Sums of Money as the Leflor or Lessors of the Plaintiff in the said Ejedment shall, in his, her or their Answer, swear to be due and in Arrear, over and above all just Allowances, and also the Costs taxed in the said Suit, there to remain till the hearing of the Cause. to be paid out to the Leflfor or Landlord on good Security, subject to the Decree of the Court; and in case such Bill or Bills shall be filed within the Time aforesaid,

and after Execution is executed, the Leflor or Lessors of the Plaintiff shall be accountable only for so much and no more as he, she or they shall really and bona fide without Fraud, Deceit or wilful Neglect, make of the demised Premises from the Time of his, her or their entering into the actual Possession thereof, and if what shall be so made by the Leflor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, happen to be less than the Rent reserved on the said Lease, then the said Lessee or Lessees, his, her or their Assignee or Assignees, before he, she or they shall be restored to his, her or their Possession or Possessions, shall pay such Leflor or Lessors, or Landlord or Landlords, what the Money so by them made, fell short of the reserved Rent, for the Time such Leflor or Lessors of the Plaintiff, Landlord or Landlords, held the said Lands.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Tenant or Tenants, his, her or their Assignee or Assignees, do or shall at any time before the Trial in such eject ment, pay or tender to the Leflor or Landlord, his Executors or Administrators, or his, her or their Attorney in that Cause, or pay into the Court where the same Cause is depending, all the Rent and Arrears, together with the Costs, then and in such case, all further Proceedings on the said Ejedment shall cease and be discontinued; and if such Lessee or Lessees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall, upon such Bill filed as aforesaid, be relieved in Equity, he, (he and they shall have, hold and enjoy the demised Lands, according to the Lease thereof made, without any new Lease to be thereof made to him, her or them.

V. And whereas the Remedy for recovering Rents Seek, Rents of Assize and chief Rents, are tedi ous and difficult, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall and may have the like Remedy by Distress, and by impounding and selling the same, in cases of Rents Seek, Rents of Assize and chief Rents, which have been duly an fv/ered or paid for the Space of three Years, within the Space of twenty Years before the first Day of this present Session of Parliament, or shall be hereafter created, as in case of Rent reserved upon Lease;

Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas many Persons hold considerable Estates by Leases for Lives or Years, and lease out the same in Parcels to several Under Tenants: And whereas many of those Leases cannot by Lave be renewed without a Surrender of all the Under Leases derived out of the same, so that it is in (lie Power of any such Under Tenants to prevent or delay the Renewing of the principal Lease, by refusing to furrehder their Under Leases, notwithstanding the y have covenacted so to do, to the great Prejudice withou/furi'en*l^e'r immefhate Landlords the first Lessees: 'For preventing such Inconveniences, and for making dering all the " the renewal of Leases more easy for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case " "' 4'any

Tenant paying all Rent with Costs, Proceedings to ceaf$.

Method of recovering seck Rents, e.

Chief Leases

Under Leases.

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 29. 69

any Lease shall be duly surrendered in order to be renewed, and a new Lease made and executed by the chief Landlord or Landlords, the same new Lease shall without a Surrender of all or any the Under Leases be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Under Leases derived thereout had been likewise surrendered at or before the taking of such new Lease; all and every Person and persons in whom any Estate for Life or Lives or for Years, shall from Time to Time be veiled by virtue of such new Lease, and his, her and their Executors and Administrntors, shall be entitled to the Rent?,

'Covenants and Duties, and have like Remedy for Recovery thereof, and the Under Lessees (liajl hold and enjoy the Messuages, Lands and Tenements, in the respective Under Leases comprised, as if the original Leases, out ot which the respective Under Leases are derived, had been (till kept on foot and continued, and the Chief Landlord and Landlords shall have and be entitled to such and the same Remedy, by Dilfrcfs or Entry in and upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprised in any such Under Lease, for the Rents and Duties referred by such new Lease, so far as the lame exceed not the Rents and Duties reserved in the Lease out of which such Under Lease was derived, as they would have had in case such former Lease had been dill continued, or as they would have had in case the respective Under leases had been renewed under such new principal Lease; any Law,

Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. ', he fanb: r, u

Geo. 2-. C 19. containing D irefi ions concerning disircjjci joy Rent.

CAPi. XXIX

An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder.

WHEREAS the Wealth and Prosperity of this Kingdom doth very much depend upon the former pnm\ji Improvement of its Manufactures, and the profitable Trade carried on by Exportation of the one concerning

same, which Trade ought by all proper Means to be encouraged, for the Enlargement of the Com ls

merce of Great Britain: And whereas the Exportation of Gunpowder to foreign Parts has of late Years his. 2. cs.

considerably decreased, by Reason of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre and Brim sgeo r C. 6 ' (lone, the principal Ingredients uled for making the same: And whereas his Majesty's trading Sub n Gcc'

jeefts, from the Greatness of the Price of Gunpowder made here, are obliged to furnish themselves at foreign Markets, in order to carry on their Trade to Africa, and other Parts beyond the Seas, to the'

great Prejudice and Discouragement of the f: iid Manufacture; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted. And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prei ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there, shall be paid to every Person or Per An Allowance fons, who at any Time or Times within or during the Term of five Years, to be reckoned from the f Pel brrei twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, or at any Time or Times be p°pwd export! fore the End of the then next session of Parliament, shall really and truly export out of this Kingdom, edas merchan by way of Merchandise, any Quantities of Gunpowder of the Manufacture of Great Britain, an Allow d*ze, ance of the Sum of four Shillings and sixpence for every Barrel of such Gunpowder, containing one 24 Geaijc.;.* hundred Pounds net Weight, and foin Proportion for greater or less Quantities j which allowance shall Andfarther be paid and answered by the Customer or Collector of the Customs, with the Privity, of the Comptroller 31

of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, on a Debenture to be made forth by the Customer to be paid by or Collector, according to the Entry of such Gunpowder, without Fee or Reward, and the Shipping the customer, thereof verified by the Searcher, and Oath, or being of the People called ^i/akers, solemn Affirmation, made by the Exporter, on the entry or Debenture, before the Customer or Collector or Comptroller of such Port, that the said Gunpowder is of British Manufacture, and is exported or intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, by way of Merchandise, and not for the Use of the Ship in her Voyage, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, the Exporter first giving The Exporter to Security to the said Customer or Collector of tyre Port, in a Penalty of five Pounds for each Barrel, cotv give Security no; 'taining one hamired Pounds net Weight (which Security they are hereby empowered to take in the Name, tore, n 't' and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) that the Gunpowder so shipped or intended to be shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again into any Port or Part of Great Britain and such Securities shall be discharged in the Manner hereafter mentioned, (that is to say) For so much, of the said Gunpowder as shall be entered for or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, the

Islands of Giternfey and Jerfy, Alderney, Sark or Man, or any of: his Majesty's Colonies or plantations abroad, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring Certificates in Discharge thereof from each Place respectively, importing that such Gunpowder was there landed, and testifying the Landing thereof; which Certificate shall be ligned by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs as respectively rellde Security how to there, and for want of such Officers residing the re, then by the Governor of those islands and Colonies be discharged, or Plantations, or the Deputy Governor thereof respectively, who are hereby required to give the same without Fee or Reward; and for such Gunpowder as shall be so entered for any foreign Port or Place, to bring a Certificate under the Hand of any of his Majesty's Consuls residing in such Port or Place, or under the Elands of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that fu, ch Gunpowder was there landed; or such Bond or Bonds shall be. discharged, upon Proof in either of the said Cases, that the same was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively for the Time being.

7 o

C 30. Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

II. And whereas Gunpowder exported for Africa is sold and delivered in very small Parcels, and at { Places along the Coast, where no Certificates can be had, Therefore be it further enacted by the au ftu ipowder CX thority aforesaid, That in every such Case upon Proof made upon Oath, or being of the People called ror; d for Asti quakers, upon solemn Affirmation of the Master, Mate, Purser or other Person, having the Charge of the Ship during the Voyage, importing that such Gunpowder was sold and delivered upon the Coast of Africa, and also of the Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid of the Merchant Exporter, if living, that to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, the said Goods have been disposed of at the Places to be mem tioned in the respective Oaths, Affidavits or Affirmations of the Mailer, Mate, Purser or other Person, having Charge of the Ship during the Voyage, and that they have not been relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Part of Great Britain, the same shall be taken in lieu of the Certificates aforesaid, and be allowed of in full Discharge of the Bonds to be given in Pursuance of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty for re

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gunpowder shipped to be expanding. ported, for which Allowance is hereby made, shall be relaiuled or unshipped in any Port or Place in Great Britain, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, without the Licence of one or more of the principal Officers of such Port or Place first had and obtained, or unless it be in calc of distress to save the said Gunpowder from perishing, which shall be forthwith made known to one or more of the said Officers, the said Gunpowder, over and above the Penalty of the Bond to be leyied and recovered to his Majesty's Use as aforesaid, and treble the Value of such Gunpowder, shall be forfeited and

loll, and shall and may be prosecuted and divided in the Manner herein after mentioned.

Allowance to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Allowance shall be forthwith 4lomerythecu' Pad ky the respective Customer or Collector, out of any Money in his Hands arising from Customs or other Duties upon Goods imported from Parts beyond the Seas; and the Money so paid shall be accepted of in his or their Account, as so much paid to his Majesty, and he and they is, are and shall be di (charged thereof accordingly.

When Duties V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authorin aforesaid, That in case any of tha of s'^spem011 Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre and Brimstone, shall during the Continuance of

and Btimrtone, this Act be redeemed, or otherwise cease to be payable, so much of the Allowance to be made on the

*daliahowanm" Exportation Gunpowder shall be abated, as shall bear a Proportion to the Duties so redeemed, or for Gunpowder shall cease to be payable on the Importation of Salt Petre and Brimstone; any Tiling herein con to be abated, tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Penalties how

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties In this Act mentioned jto bejevied. shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respective] y^wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who will sue or prosecute for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in Pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or General iitiie. Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by the Concerning Cun Authority of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the de ptwder jec far fendant or Defendants, and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the de ei>cr, 15 oeo. z. fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer 'zz Geo. 2. c. 3s. against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like sjcro. 2. C i. Remedy for the lame, as the Defendant or Defendants hathor have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXX.

An at of rendering more effectual an act made in die third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, so far as the same relates to the preventing the inhancing the Price of Coals in the River of Thames by the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there.

2 ca. 2. C 26.

Penalty on keeping Turn in delivering Cttls in the Thames, 1001.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act passed in the third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Goal Trade, it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, every Master of a Ship or

Vessel using the Coal Trade should be subject to the direction of the Owner or Owners of the major Part of his Ship or Vessel, provided there was nothing contained in such Directions, which

relate to the restraining or iohaneing the Price of Coals in the River of Thames, or to the keeping of Turn in delivering of coals there: And whereas notwithstanding the Provision made by the said in Part recited Chula, she same has been evaded, by Means whereof the Price of Coals may be advanced to the Prejudice of several Manufactures, as well as to flic Oppression of the Poor: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled: by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or vessel.iin ployed in the Coal Trade, or any Person authorised by them, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever,

71

A.D. 1731. Anno quarto Georgii II. c. 31, 32.

ever, directly or indirectly, by Writing or otherwise, to give any Orders or Directions to any Matter or Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Vessel employed in the Coal Trade, or to any Agent or Servant employed in the selling of Coals, which shall any Ways relate to the keeping of Turn in selling or delivering of Coals in the River of Thames, and that no Matter or Matters, or other Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Veiled as aforesaid, shall obey, any such Orders or keep Turn as aforesaid; Pain that every Person giving such Directions, and the Person or Persons observing and following the same, or any otherwise directly or indirectly acting contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, to him or them who shall sue for the same, within the Space of six Months next after such Offence ore Offences shall be committed, to be recovered with treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And whereas in order to oblige Ships employed in the Coal Trade to keep Turn, a Method has been or may be practised, for the Matters of such Ships to deliver their Cocquets into the Hands of particular Agents employed by the Owners of such Ships, by which Means such Matters have been or may be disabled from delivering their Coals, until permitted by such Agents, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter of every Ship or Vessel loaded with Coals, or other Person Cocquets to bt

having the Care or Charge thereof, shall deliver or cause to be delivered, to the proper Officer of the ddiv1

Customs at the Port of London, the Cocquets containing the Lading of such Ship or Vessel, within the Arrivafof the' Space of four Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel as high as Gravesend, in the said River of Ship.

Thames, on Pain, of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds, on their Neglect or Refusal. lo to do, to be sued penaltji so for, recovered and disposed of in the Manner before directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged Public Act; and taken to be a public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and Concerning Cwlt other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

(which is made perpetual by 31 gco+z. C 42.j ji Geo. 2. c. 15. i^gco. 2. C 21. 14 Cm, C 41. ij Geo. 2. C. 35 % 19 oco.z. C 35. 23. Geo. 2. C. 37*-

23 Geo. 2.. C 26.. 30 Geo. 2. C - j9 31 Geo. .2. C 35, 32.ctc. 2. C 27. 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firstr for repairing, widening and amending the Roads from jvigan to'

Pres. on in the County of Lanccisler.

PR.

Act 13 Geo. 1. c. 9_ continued from the first Day of June 1731, for 21 Years. Farther continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the more effectual' pvinifiling Stealers of Lead or Iron bars fixed to Houses, or

any Fences belonging thereunto.

WHEREAS the pernicious Practice of ftcaling Lead, Iron Bars, Iron Gates, Iron palisadoes and iron.rails tixed to dwelling houses, out houses, coach houses, Stables, and other build ings, and fixed in Gardens, Orchards, courtyards, Fences and Outlets belonging to dwelling houses and other Buildings, hath of late Time been much used to the great Detriment of his Majesty's Sub ' jests; and it is necessary for the more effectual preventing of such Offences, to instift a more exemplary Punishment on such Offenders, than by the Laws of this Realm can now be done; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth. Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty Stea., one, all and every Person and Persons, who shall flea!, rip, cut or break, with Intent to (teal, any Lead, iron Bars.

Iron Bar, Iron Gate, Iron Palisadoe or Iron Rail whatsoever, being fixed to any dwelling house, Out fixed to Houses,

honfe, coach house, Stable or other Building, used or occupied with such dwelling house, or there bdolylnnt\kie

unto belonging, or to any other Building, whatsoever, or fixed in any Garden, Orchard, courtyard, io, °shall'beguu --

Fence or Outlet, belonging to any dwelling house or other Building, shall be deemed and construed tyoftekny,

to be guilty, of Felony; and every such Felon and Felons shall bt subject and liable to the like Pains

and Penalties as irs Cases of Felony and tyre. Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for the Space and be tr»r.

of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and ported for (evrir

Statutes of this Realm; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be aiding, abetting or C us'

assisting in ftcaling, or in such ripping, cutting or breaking any Lead, Iron Bar, Iron Gate, Iron

Palisadoe or Iron Rail, fixed to any dwelling house. house, coach house, Stable or other Building,

or fixed in any Garden, Orchard, courtyard, Fence or Outlet, belonging to any dwelling house or

other Building, or who shall Buy or receive any such Lead, Iron Bar, Iron Gate, Iron Palisadoe or

Iron Rail, knowing the same to be stolen, shall be subject and liable to the lame Punishments, as if he.

die or they, had stolen the same; any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A

C 33. 34-

Anno quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1731.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen concerning the usual Allowance made upon the Delivery of Letters sent by the Penny Post to Places out of the Cities of London and Westminster and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof.

WHEREAS upon the first Establishment of the Office called the Penny Post Office, the Carriage or Conveyance of the Letters by that Post was confined to the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof j and whereas upon the Application of the Inhabitants of several Towns and Places within the Compass of tcn.miles round the City of London, and upon their voluntary Offer to allow and pay to the Messengers or Persons carrying or transmitting such Letters, in considerauon of their being obliged to travel with an Horse to Places at that Difiance, one Penny upon the Delivery of every Letter directed to any Person at any Place out of the Cities of London and Westminster and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, over and above the Penny paid upon putting every such Letter into the Penny Postoffice in London, the Carriage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the said Post

ca' ed The Penny Post, was extended ten Miles round the City of London, and one Penny hath been constantly allowed to and taken by such Messengers, on the Delivery of every Letter direct

4 ed to any Person at any Place out of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, over and above the Penny paid upon putting such Letter into the Penny Poll Office in London; and whereas by Reason of the Provisions contained in an Act of9 Ann. C 10. ' Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, _ entitled,

s Ga. 1. C si. ' An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum S ' out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her majesty's Occasions, some Doubts

have lately arisen, whether the Messengers or Persons carrying or transmitting such Letters, could lawfully receive and take the said Allowance of one Penny, upon the Delivery ot every Letter, direct ed or delivered to or for any Person, at any Place out of the Cities of London and ive/lniinjicr, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, over and above the Penny paid upon put ting such Letter into the Penny Poll Office in londonfor obviating and taking away all such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Fenny Pcftmen by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's carrying Letters Reign shall or ought to be construed to extend to restrain or hinder any such Messenger, or Person carry weitmtnfteror, 'ns or transmitting Letters by tyre said Post, commonly called The Penny Post, from demanding or tak

Southwark, ing for every Letter originally sent by the Penny Post, and not first pairing by the General Post and

may demand id. from thence transmitted by the Penny Poll, which hath been or shall be delivered to or for any Person, at Delivery. at any Place out of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and respective Farther pnmfi Suburbs thereof, one Penny, over and above the Penny paid upon putting every such Letter into the concerning Penny Postoffice, and that no such Messenger or other Person shall incur, or shall be deemed, adjudged

Srf or taken to have incurred, or to incur any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever, for demanding and taking

*6<7». 2! C 13. for any such Letter so delivered or to be delivered as aforesaid, one Penny, over and above the Penny paid upon putting such Letter into the Penny Postoffice, or for detaining or delaying any such Letter, until such one Penny for any such Letter so delivered or to be delivered as aforesaid, was or shall be paid; anything in the said Act, or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham in the County of Middlesex thron^jt^fulham Helds, to the great Road near the Pound at hammerjmith in the said Coun

the Toll is to continue from 20 May 1731. for 21 Years. Continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 10.

Anno

A.D. 1732.

C 1-5

Anno Regni GEORGg11 II quinto.

4 T the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-third Day of January, Anno Do ' AA mini one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sove ' - reign Lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King,

Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the thirteenth Day ' of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, being the fifth Session of this present Par

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act to encourage and compel George Robinson Esquire, and John Thomson to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges at legal Interest; and to be examined thereupon at the Times and Places therein mentioned.

EXP.

WHEREAS many fraudulent and indirect Practises have for some Years last pail been car tied on by Persons concerned in the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the Cha

ritable Corporation for the Relief of industrious Poor by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges at legal Interest, contrary to the Intention of their Charter, whereby great Numbers of his Majesty's

Subjects have suffered manifest Wrong and Eofs; a true Discovery of which fraudulent and in direct Practises is necessary, in order to the procuring a just Relief and Satisfaction to the said 1 Sufferers: And whereas George Robinson, Esquire, Banker and Agent to the said Corporation, hath withdrawn himself beyond the Seas, being charged with great Sums of Money due from him to the said Corporation, and also with being privy to and concerned in many of the said fraudulent and indirect' Practises, and a Commission of Bankrupcy hath issued against him, whereupon he hath

been declared a Bankrupt, but hath not hitherto submitted to the Authority of the said Commission:

whereas John Thomson warehouse keeper of the said Corporation hath likewise withdrawn him self beyond the Seas, and hath carried away several Books of Accounts, Papers and Effects belonging to the said Corporation, and is charged with great Sums of Money due from him to the said Corpo ration, and with being privy to and concerned in many of the said fraudulent and indirect Practices, and a Commission of Bankruptcy hath likewise issued against him, and he hath thereupon been declared a Bankrupt, but hath not hitherto submitted to the Authority of the said Commission: 'Now for the better Discovery of the said fraudulent Practises, and of the Estate and Effects of the said Corporation, which have been imbezelled and concealed: Be it enacted, C "

"encouraging George Robinson and John Thompson to submit to Examination. On such Sub "to be protected from Arrests till June 1. Not submitting and delivering to the Commission "of Bankruptcy the Effects in their.hands, guilty of Felony. Concealing Goods or Accounts be "to them, to be imprisoned. 200l. Penalty and double Value of Goods concealed after 25 De "for three Years.

CAP. IV.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich in the County of Kent, as one of the fifty new Churches directed to be built by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

PR.

Appointment of 3,000l. to be paid out of the Coal Duty. Materials of the old Church to be disposed of.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two. EXP. t s. in the pound.

Vol. VI

L

74 C 6^ 7. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

CAP. VI.

An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt for the Term therein mentioned.

EXP.

"All the Salt Duties revived from March 25, for three Years. To be managed by proper Commissioners. ct The Rates of 1 s. 8 d. per 1000 on Red Herrings, and 3; and 4 d. per Barrel on White Herrings revived, "as also 5 s. per Barrel on salted Beef or Pork exported. Allowances on Exportation, or Waste. White "Herrings cured with Salt made in Scotland to pay 2 s. 4 d. per Barrel, and to be entered with the collector of the Customs, and Security given for landing in England. On Oath made of their bing cured "with such Salt Certificate to be granted. Contracts for Salt not delivered before March 25, vacated, "Clause of Loan for 500,000l. If no Loans be made on this Act, Exchequer Bills may be issued, to "bear Interest at 2 d. percent, per Diem. Surplus of Salt Duties to be disposed of by Parliament. [Re "and made perpetual by 26 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America.

Tor former Acts

WHEREAS his Majesty's Subjects trading to the British Plantations in America lie under great i' Difficulties, for want of more easy Methods of proving, recovering and levying of Debts' due 12' c*r. 'z. c. js. 4 to them, than are now used in some of the said Plantations: And whereas it will tend very much to the is Car. a. C 7. ' retrieving of the Credit formerly given by the trading Subjects of Great Britain to the Natives and in-21 Car' 2'*habitants of the said Plantations, and to the advancing of the Trade of this Kingdom thither, if such 25 Car. 2. c. 7. ' Inconveniences w'ere remedied; 'May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, And be j&'&tkl. c. 22. it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords c.'rf 12 3' Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

\(i\ann. C s the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord 010. one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, in any Action or Suit then depending, or thereafter to be

tardn't? !?1' brought in any Court of Law or Equity in any of the said Plantations, for or relating to any Debt or Ac anode. 17@27. count wherein any Person redding in Great Britain shall be a Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for Am. C 22. the Plaintiff or Defendant, and also to and for any Witness to be examined or made use of in such Action geo\ 1. C 11. or r? verify or prove any Matter or Thing by Affidavit or Affidavits in Writing upon Oath, or 8 gco. 1! f.' 12'. in case the Person making such Affidavit be one of the People called Quakers, then upon his or her y solemn Affirmation, made before any Mayor or other chief Magistrate of the City, Borough or Town

geti. 'dit Corporate in Great Britain, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation fitall '& 28.'reside, and certified and transmitted under the Common Seal of such City, Borough or Town Corporate,

4 Gm. 2. C 15. or the Seal of the Office of such Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, which Oath and solemn Affirmation plantationdelik every such Mayor and chief Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorised, and empowered to administer; may he proved and every Affidavit or Affirmation so made, certified and transmitted, shall in all such Actions and Suits before" hies ke allowed to be of the same Force and Effect, as if the Person or Persons making the same upon Oath Magistrate!'6 or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, had appeared and sworn or affirmed the Matters contained in such Affidavit or Affirmation viva voce in open Court, or upon a Commission issued for the Examination of witnesses, or of any Party in any such Action or Suit respectively; Provided that in every such Affidavit and Affirmation there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Affirmation, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

Debts tohisma

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Suits now depending, or hereafter prove dln the ?° brought in any Court of Law or Equity by or in Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Lme Manner, in any of the said Plantations, for or relating to any Debt or Account, that his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and may prove his and their Debts and Accounts, and examine his or their Witness or Witnesses by Affidavit or Affirmation in like Manner as any Subject or Subjects is or are empowered or may do by this present Act.

Penalty on false

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person making such Affidavit upon matiom f" c>ath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully swearing or affirming any Matter or Thing in such Affidavit or Affirmation, which, if the same had been sworn upon an Examination in the usual Form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every Person Negroes Sec.*offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as in the pfanta by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are provided against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt, tions liable to Perjury.

fasther^pnvi

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Jians concerning Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, the Houses, Lands, Negroes, and other Piamaiwm, Hereditaments and real Estates, situate or being within any of the said Plantations belonging to any Per cff, 9j son 'ndebted, lhr.ll be liable to and chargeable with all just Debts, Duties and Demands of what Nature 8cco.2ic. 1g. or Kind soever, owing by any such Person to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects, and shall and may be 12 gv ' 3°' for the Satisfaction thereof, in like Manner as Real Estates are by the Law of England liable to the

gi 2. 31 satjsfa(ytion of Debts due by Bond or other Specialty, and shall be subject to the like Remedies, proceed 24gm.2. 51 ings and Proeefs in any Court of Law or Equity, in any of the said Plantations respectively, for seizing,

53-^extending, selling or disposing of any such Houses, Lands, Negroes, and other Hereditaments and Real' "-§- 3"'c' 5 Estates, towards the Satisfaction of such Debts, Duties and Demands, and in like Manner as Personal 30 Geo. 2. C j. 8 Estates

75

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 8, g.

Estates in any of the said Plantations respectively are seized, extended, sold or disposed of, for the satisfaction of Debts.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for providing a Recompense to Sir Thomas Lombe, for discovering and introducing the Arts of making and working the three Capital Italian Engines for making Organzine Silk, and for preserving the Invention for the Benefit of this Kingdom.

PR.

WHEREAS the Riches, Strength and Prosperity of this Kingdom depend on the Trade thereof: A Recital of the And whereas the introducing and improving such new Arts and Inventions as will employ great Vc f, rantc Numbers of our Poor, keep our money at home, and increase the profitable Trade carried on by the

Exportation of our own Manufactures, tend greatly to the securing and enlarging the general Trade and Commerce of Great Britain, and ought by all proper Ways and Means to be encouraged: And whereas Thomas Lombe of London, Merchant, now Sir Thomas Lombe, Knight, did with the utmost Difficulty and Hazard, and at a very great Expense, discover the Arts of making and working the three Capital Engines made use of by the Italians to make their Organzine Silk, and did introduce those Arts and Inventions into this Kingdom: And whereas his late Majesty King George was graciously pleased, by his Letters Patents bearing Date the ninth Day of September in the fifth Year of his Reign, under the

Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto the said Thomas Lombe, now Sir Thomas Lombe,

his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, especial Licence, full Power, sole Privilege and Authority to exercise, work, use and enjoy his new Invention of three sorts of Engines by him the said Thomas Lombe found out, never before made or used in Great Britain, one to wind the fined Raw Siik, an

to spin, and the other to twist the fined Italian raw Silk into Organzine, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and tyre Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the whole Profit, Benefit, Commodity and Advantage from Time to Time coming,

growing, accruing and arising by Reason of the said Invention, during the full Term of fourteen Years from the Date of the said Letters Patents, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided, and did thereby require and strictly command all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Po ' litick and Corporate, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion.

of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, that neither they nor any of them do directly or

indirectly make, use or put in Practice the said Invention or any Parr of the same, during the said Term: And whereas the said Sir Thomas Lombe since the granting the said Letters Patents hath at a far there great Expense erected large Buildings, and therein setup the said Engines or Machines, and put the said Invention in Use and Practice on the River Derwent at the Town of Derby, for making Organ zine Silk, and applied himself with the utmost Care and Diligence to improve the same, in order to render it of the greater Use and Benefit to this Kingdom; but by reason of the long Time required to finish and complete the said Buildings and Engines, and to instruct so great a Number of People as were necessary to work the said Engines, and the great Obstruction this Undertaking received by the King of sardinia's prohibiting the Exportation of the raw Silk, which the said Engines were made to work, and afterwards by Reason of the great Difficulty of bringing the Manufacture to full Perfection, which could not be effected by the most diligent Application, until about a Year ago, the said Sir Thomas Lombe has been deprived of the Benefit intended by the said Letters Patents; Therefore, for providing a proper Recompense to the said Sir Thomas Lombe, and preserving the said Invention for the Benefit of the Trade of this Nation; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, C

14,000l. to be paid to Sir T. Lombe by the Crown, in case of his allowing a perfect Model to be taken of his new invented Engines.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Ireland, Goods not enumerated in any Act of Parliament, so far as the said Act relates to the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a Recital of theintituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops, it was provided and enacted, That no Person or ann

5 Persons whatsoever should import or cause to be imported into the Kingdom of leland fresh Flanders, or any other Parts whatsoever (other than from Great Britain) any Hops whatsoever, which Duties upon

Hops were, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, iceo.i. stat.i.'granted to his said late Majesty, his Heirs and successors for ever: And whereas an Act passed in thee*'5 ' fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in Geo. 2. c. 15. ' America, directly into Ireland, Goods not enumerated in any Act of Parliament; and whereas, since the

6 passing the said last mentioned Act, some Doubts have arisen, whether Liberty is thereby given to import Hops from His Majesty's Plantations in America directly into Ireland: 'Now to the End the said Doubts may for the future be removed, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

76

No Hops to be imported into Ireland from other Parrs but Great Britain.

Farther Provisions concerning Plantations,

6 Geo. 2. C IJ.

Computation of Charge.

C 10, it. all110 quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

of the same, That the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said Act made in the said first Year of his late majesty's Reign, and all and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, which prohibit the Importation of Hops into the Kingdom of Ireland from Flanders, or from any other Parts whatsoever (other than from Great Britain) hall be, and remain and continue to be in full Force, as if the said Act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty had never been made.

8 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 & 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 £? 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35. 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. X

An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Jljhton under Lyne and the Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the County Palatine of Chester.

PR.

The Toll took Place the first Day of May 1732, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued by 23 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XI.

An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York.

PR.

WHEREAS the Harbour of the ancient Town Corporate of Scarborough in the North Riding of the County of York, is the only Place between the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the River Humber, capable of receiving, in Distress of Weather, Ships navigating to and along the northern Coasts of this Kingdom, and to and from the Eastern Seas, and other Places, without great Difficulty: And whereas the enlarging and extending the Piers of the said Port would render the same much more commodious than now it is, for the Reception of large Vessels, and particularly of those using the Coal Trade, in Tempests and other Times of Danger: And whereas the Expense of the Enlargement of the said Pier, whereby at least six Foot Water will be gained within the said Harbour, will amount to near twelve thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Town of Scarborough is unable to raise a Sum of Money sufficient to defray the Epence of completing an Undertaking of so public an Advantage and Utility, and keeping the said Piers (when finished) in necessary Repairs, without the Aid and Amftance of parliamentto the End therefore that the said Piers may be enlarged, extended, improved and kept in Repair, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, C "

"halfpenny per Chalder for Coals from 24 June 1732 till 24 June 1763, to be paid to the Bailiffs "and Burgesses of Scarborough. No Customer to enter Vessels till Payment. Duties payable from "24 June 1732 till 24 June 1783. For all Coals landed within the Port 1 s. per Calder. For Cynders "it. per Chalder. For every Weigh of Salt landed 2 s. For every Gross of Glass Bottles 2 d. For "Fir Timber imported in english Bottoms 3 d. per Tun. For every Hundred of Sir Deals, 3 "For every Hundred of Half Deals is. 6d. For very Hundred of Middle Baulks 3 s. For every "Hundred of double Users 3 s. For every Hundred of Angle Users 1 s. For every Hundred of "Capraevens 3 s. For every Hundred of small Baulks is. hor every Hundred of small Spars 6 d. "For every Hundred of Battins 1 s. For every Hundred of Pale Boards 2 d. great Marts apiece 3 s. "middle Marts is. 6 s. small Marts 6 d. Oak Timber and Plank per Tun 3 d. Wine and Brandy "per Tun 5 s. and for the above Goods imported in foreign Bottoms double Duties; and for 't foreign Goods not above-mentioned imported in english Bottoms 3 d. per Tun, and for foreign "Bottoms 6 d. per Tun; and for Butter shipped off 1 d. per Firkin. For dried Fish and Mudd "Fish shipped off 2d. per Score. For barrelled Fish per Barrel 4 d. For Tallow 3 d. per Hun "Every Ham 2d. Neats Tongues per Dozen 3 d. Pickled Pork per Barrel 1 s. For every Flitch "of Bacon 2 a. Rabbit Skins per Pack 2 s. 6 d. Calves Skins per Dozen 3 d. Leather per Hundred "Weight 1 s. And for every English) Ship which shall enter the Piers 6d. And for the Top or Cross "being of the Burden of 130 Tuns or upwards, 4d. and for every foreign Ship 1 s. and for the "Top or Cross Trees of such foreign Ship, being of the Burden of 130 Tuns or upwards, 2d. Bailiffs "and Burgesses to appoint Collectors. On Death or Refusal of Commissioners, others to be chosen "and Burgesses may contrast with Artificers for improving the Harbour, and place or displace "C Collectors to give Security. Collectors may enter Vessels, take an Account of their "Lading, and seize for Nonpayment of Duties. Goods distrained to be sold, if not redeemed in 20 Days: "Duties assignable for Money borrowed. Bailiffs may summon Persons to give an Account of Goods "liable to the Duty. Refusing to give Account of Goods, forfeits 201. Annoying the Harbour by bal tc last, Dust, C forfeits 40s. to be levied by Distress. On want of Distress, to be imprisoned. An act"Officer to be appointed to direct the mooring of Vessels, and prevent Annoyances. Penalty on not "mooring in the Places appointed, 51, on emptying Rubbish, 20 s. Chief Magistrate of the Corporation to "exercise the Powers given, though their Style may be altered. Ancient Duties to be continued. Clause "Exemption for Great Yarmouth." [Amended by 25 Geo. 2. c. 44.

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C 12.

77

CAP. XII.

An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional Act for the Improvement of 'tillage.

1 WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring James the 1 j30, 2, 19-

C yv Second, intituled An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, Provision was made for exa mining and determining the common Market Prices of midling English Corn and Grain, which never theless hath been found ineffectualtherefore for the better ascertaining the common A'larket Prices of midling English Corn and Grain, and for preventing the fraudulent Importation of foreign Corn and Grain, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty after i June two, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Justices of Peace for the several and '73*> Ju{*' "s at respective Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick J, charge ths°ns upon Tweed, wherein foreign Corn or Grain shall or may be hereafter imported, and they are hereby en Grand jury, joined and required, at every their Quarter sessions, to give in Charge in open Court to the Grand Jury there assembled, to make Inquiry and Presentment upon their Oaths of the common Market Prices of who are to pre midling English Corn and Grain of the respective Sorts and Quantities mentioned in an act made in Market Prices of the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act English Com. for Improvement of Tillage and Breed uf Cattle, as the lame shall be commonly bought and sold in every'22 Car 2 C 13* such County, which Inquiry and Presentment the said Grand Jury are hereby empowered and required to make.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Presentment shall be made in open ^refen*n>ent to

Court, and shall be certified by the said Justices in Writing to his Majesty's Chief Officer and Collector coumcertitict of the Customs for the Time being, residing in every such Port or Haven, where such Corn and Grain to Collector of shall be imported, and shall be hung up in some public Place in the customhouse belonging to every s'ata^ such Port or Haven, to be resorted to by all Persons for their Information, Custonvhouses

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of forpublickview. June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, the Custom and Duty of foreign Corn and Grain im Duties on so ported into that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, ap reign Corn to be pointed to be paid by the said Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King so the^resm Charles the Second, shall be collected and paid according to the Prices contained in such respective Cer the Certificates, tificates as aforesaid, and not otherwise; anything in the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Not to extend to contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or affect the Authority given by the said London

Ad made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second, to the Mayor, Alder 1 Jac. 2. C 19, men and Justices of the Peace of the City of London, but that the said Mayor, Aldermen and Justices of the Peace may continue to exercise the same at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of nowarrant, June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, no Warrant, Sufferance, Coast Cocquet, Transire or ^.grantedf°e Let Pass whatsoever shall be granted or allowed for transporting, conveying or carrying forth to the open foreign corn^o7 Sea in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Haven within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales any otherengiifh and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to any other Port or Haven of the same, any foreign Corn or ?aven' after Grain after the Importation thereof; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said mpor atlon' first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, shall directly or indirectly transport, convey

or carry forth to the open Sea, or cause or procure to be transported, conveyed or carried forth to the open Sea out of or from any Port, Haven, Creek or Road, or Member thereof, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in order to be landed or discharged

in any other Port or Place within the same, or lade, or cause or procure to be laden in any Ship or Vessel,

in order to be landed or discharged in any other Port, Haven or Place within the same, any foreign Corn Foreign Corn fa

or Grain, or any foreign Corn or Grain mixed with English Corn or Grain, after the Importation thereot, f^fef^ted

under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned, that is to say, That all such Corn and Grain '

that shall be transported, conveyed or carried forth into the open Sea, or laden contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited; and that every Offender therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of and 20 s. per

such Corn or Grain so transported, conveyed or carried forth into the open Sea, or laden contrary to this bushel'

Act; and moreover the Ship or vessel, upon which such Corn or Grain shall be so transported, conveyed Vessel and or carried forth into the open Sea or laden, and all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture shall be Tackle forfeit forfeited; the one Moiety of all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs ed' and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for the same, to be recovered byadtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint orjnformation in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law (half be allowed; and that the Master and Mariners of any such onaffiftingin Ship or Vessel, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and such transpor willingly aiding and assisting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such Court of Record as cark

aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three months without Bail or Mainprize, jtflrtwr, '

II. Gio, 2. C 22. 24 Geo. 2. c. 56. 26 Geo. 2. c. 15. 30 2. C 1, 31 Geo. 2. C I. 22 Geo. 2. c. 2 sit E.

78 C 13 — 15,

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

CAP. XIII.

An act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton in the County of Cumberland.

PR.

1: Geo. i, C 16. C tt WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton in the County of Cumberland, a Duty was laid upon all Coals shipped on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Harbour, and diverse other Duties in the said Act particularly mentioned were granted for the Term of fifteen Years, to commence from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty five; by which said Act the Trustees therein named and thereby appointed and constituted, and the Trustees that should then after be appointed and constituted in Pursuance of the said Act, were ime powered to borrow any Sum not exceeding two thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon Security of the said Duties for rebuilding the said Pier and Har

*: And whereas the said Trustees have borrowed the said Sum of two thousand Pounds upon secu e rity of the said Duties, and applied the same to the rebuilding the said Pier, whereby the Harbour is capable of receiving several small Ships, and from which there is a frequent Exportation of Coals to Ireland, and other Parts: And whereas, to make the said Harbour complete and capable of receiving mere Ships and of greater Burden, it will be necessary to add several Yards to the Foot of the said Pier, C and for cleansing the said Harbour, and carrying away and keeping the same clear of Sand, it will be necessary to bring and cause a small Brook, called Morrejby Bed, running near to the said Harbour, to run into the same; all which cannot be done, unless the said Duties be continued for a longer Term,

and the Trustees empowered to borrow a further Sum upon the Security thereof be it therefore enacted, sv "

"continued for 21 Years after the Expiration of the Term before granted by 4 & 5 Ann. C 18. "Trustees appointed by ri Geo. t. C 16. to execute this Act, who may borrow the further Sum of "2, 500l. and assign the Duties."

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon, and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished by Reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future.

PR.

CAP. XV.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of York.

PR.

*3 Geo. 1. c. 33.c tl

WHEREAS the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Powers and Authorities ' W, given by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze in the County of York, have proceeded to improve the mid Navigation, and to that End have expended considerable Sums of money: And whereas the Commissioners appointed in and by the said Act, in Conjunction and with the e Concurrence of the said Trustees, have in Pursuance thereof laid the several Tolls or Rates therein mentioned on all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and other Commodities, to the very Extent of the Power given them by the said Act; but by Reason of the great Inequality and Disproportion of the Rates which the said several Goods, Wares and Merchandizes pay, the annual Income arising therefrom is not sufficient to effect the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, and to answer the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, which would with more Ease and Certainty be perfeded, if the Tolls or Rates were more equally and proportionably laid upon the several Goods, Wares and Mer ' chandizes in the said Act mentioned, according the respective Values, and - if further Powers were given to the said Trustees relating thereunto: ' Be it therefore enacted, jsy.

"After 24 June 1732, the following Duties to be paid, viz. All Goods carried on the River Ouze "above wharfmouth (except Manure or Lime used in Tillage) for every Tun of Wines, Groceries, £?7. "2 s. 6 d. For every Tun of Cheese, C 2 s. For every Tun of Oak, Bark, Corn, cis. For "every Tun of Allom, Copperas, c. 6d. For every Firkin or other Vessel of Butter 1 d. For every "Hundred of Oysters 1 d. Goods to be entered before unladen. Master of Vessels to give a Copy of Bill "of Lading. Bills of Lading to be attested on Oath, on Refusal the Goods to be weighed at mailer's "Charge. Duties assignable for Money borrowed. Not to lefien the former Mortgage. Duties to be "lessened, after Payment of Money borrowed.

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. i 17. 79

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Bland ford Forum in the County of Dor jet, and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished by Reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

PR.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off one million of south-sea Stock, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament 9c

assembled, being desirous to have the Public Debts and Encumbrances lessened and discharged, as (§ c. 19 fall: as conveniently may be with Regard to Justice and the Public Faith, do moult humbly beseech your 1 da. 1. C zr, Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with 3 £«. 1. C 9. the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as are or shall be in the u Receipt of Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called he Sink 7 gj° ing Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John br.ptijl, which shall be in \ cz\c. 21 the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two (after Payment of or reserving & sufficient to pay such Moneys as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be g6

paid out of the same) there shall be issued and applied to the Governor and Company of Merchants 1 q \\ ^, 5 of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery & at the said Feast day, and afterwards quarterly from Time to Time, as the same shall arise, such Sum £a^n2'/umi or Sums of Money as shall on such Quarter day or Days be in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, for afermidfum or towards redeeming Part of the Annuities attending on the Capital Stock or Sum remaining due mer 173*, to to the said Company in their own Right, until the same Payments shall in the whole amount to the redeeming^Sum of one million of Pounds Sterling; and that as the said Payments of Principal Money shall be,000,000l. of from Time to Time made, a proportional Part of their said Capital Stock, and of the Annuities at south-sea tending thereon, shall also from Time to Time cease and determine for the Benefit of the Public: Stock

But as it may so happen, that on the said Feast day of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, there may not be sufficient Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen from the said Surplusses, to satisfy and pay the said entire Sum of one million of Pounds Sterling, and the said south-sea Company may desire then to receive the whole Sum in one entire Payment, in order to make one Distribution of the whole amongst all the Proprietors of their said Capital Stock at one Time, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application being made by the said Company to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury may treasury now or for the time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and giving ^ntenyt.

them Notice of such their Desire to have and receive the said one million of Pounds in one entire on the wdfund Payment ten Days at least before the said Feast day, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said to supply Den Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, by Warrant under their Hands to permit or suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer so much Money, as together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one million of Pounds, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof, in the mean Time, after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and in such case the Money so to be lent or advanced, shall be issued and paid to the said Company, together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, to complete the Payment of the said entire Sum of one million of Pounds; and the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise from the said Surplusses, shall quarterly be issued and applied to discharge and satisfy such Loans with the Interest thereof, in the due Order and common Course of the Exchequer, in cases of Loans; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Sea Company shall forthwith, up The Money u on the Receipt of the said Sum of one million of Pounds, or as soon after as conveniently may be, di be applied to vide out, and distribute the same as near as conveniently may be done, amongst all the several Proprie pr^qt°^sth* tors of their said Capital Stock, towards sinking and discharging so much of their Shares or Interests ropn in the said Capital Stock, by even and equal Dividends amongst them all, in Proportion to their respective Shares or Interests therein, or may pay and apply the said Sum of one million in Satisfaction and Discharge of one million of the Principal Money due upon the Bonds of the said Company which remain undischarged, in such Manner and at such Times as the said Company in a General Court thereof by Direction of shall think fit to order and direct: Provided always, That in such Case one million of the Capital Stock ageneraiccuri.

of

8o

C 17.

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

Clause relating to the Sub governor, & C

Method of transferring

of the said Company, together with the Annuity attending thereon, be redeemed and discharged for the Benefit of the Public.

III. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Uifability for or by Reason of anything done in Pursuance of this Act; nor shall the Sub governor, Deputy Governor or any of the Directors now or for the Time being, after the Payments hereby directed shall take Place, be deemed to be disqualified to continue Sub governor, Deputy Governor or Directors, if by Reason of such Payments there shall not remain, in their own respective Names or Rights, so much Capital Stock of the said Company, as they were before required to have for the Qualification of such Sub governor, Deputy Governor or Director respectively, so as such Sub governor, Deputy Governor or Director respectively, within three Months after his being obliged to receive any Sum or Sums of Money in Discharge of any Part of his Share or Interest in the said Capital Stock of the said Company, which will reduce his Interest or Share therein under the Sum required for such his Qualification, do or shall obtain, by Purchase or otherwise, so much more Capital Stock of the said Company, to be transferred into his own Name and Right, as shall complete the Sum necessary for such his Qualification.

IV. And for the Accommodation of such of the Proprietors of the said Capital Stock as shall be obliged to receive small Sums as Dividends of their laid Capital, in case such Dividends shall be agreed to be made, and for enabling them to replace the same with the lead Expense, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and Cases, where any Proprietor or Joint Proprietors of any

r 11 are or Shares in the said Capital Stock shall, out of the said Sum of one million, be paid off a divi sums.as L m dend of Capital on such their respective Shares or Interests, which Dividend shall not amount to more than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, their Officers or Servants, and they are hereby required, at any Time before the Day to be appointed by the Court of Directors for (hutting up their Transfer Books, in order to the Payment of the half year's Annuity to be due on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, to permit or suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Proprietors of the said Stock, to transfer to such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, any Sum or Quantity of south-sea Capital Stock, not exceeding the Sum or Sums so divided out of Capital, to him, her or them respectively, by Writing in the Transfer Books of the said Company, without any of the Stamps being impressed thereon, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament are required in Cases of Transfers, and without any Fees or other Charges to the said Company, or their Officers, Clerks or Servants for the same, and also to permit and suffer the Transferrees, or some other Person or Persons on their Behalf respectively, to accept the same, and that such Transfers without Stamps (subject to the Restrictions before mentioned) shall be as good, valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been stamped according to any former or other Law or Laws for that Purpose; that no Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by any such former Law or Laws, for or on Account of making or permitting transfers of Stock without being first stamped, shall be incurred by any Person or Persons acting therein in Pursuance of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said south-sea Company, within the Time before mentioned, to sell and dispose of, to any such of their Proprietors, any Parcels or Quantities of that Part of their Capital Stock as now' remains in the said Company, or in any Person or Persons in Trust for them, not distributed amongst the rest of their Adventurers, as shall be necessary or sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid and no more, at such Price or Prices as shall be from Time to Time agreed Transfers to be cm between the said Company and such Proprietors, and to cause the same to be transferred accordingly, or feestsumps ree rom such Stamps, Fees or other Charges as aforesaid; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And to the End, Intent and Purpose that all trust Estates or Interests in the said Capital Stock of the south-sea Company, in case the said Sum of one million shall be agreed to be distributed and divided as aforesaid, may be preserved and improved for the Benefit of the Persons concerned therein, with the lead Expense and Inconvenience to them: Be'it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Trust Estates That in all and every Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments or Dividends shall be made so be preserved. of the Capital of any such Stock, as shall be veiled in any Person or Persons in Trust for other Persons, who have or claim distinct or different Interests therein, or for any other Ends or Purposes, for which the Capital Sum or Stock ought to be preserved entire, such Payments or Dividends of the Capital Stock shall not be paid or applied as Dividends of Profit, Annuity or Interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise disposed of at Interest; and for that Purpose it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Trustee or Truste: s, who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion, to lay out or dispose of the same or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of so much other Ca

ital Stock of the same Kind, as at the current Market Price of such Stock the Moneys received for such (ividends shall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchase; new purchased Stock shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such respectively, by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed and acknowledged before one of the Marfers of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Moneys in the said Receipts were the Produce of the said Dividends of the said Capital Stock, (which Signing or Acknowledgment such Adafters in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take) and each and every such Matter, (before whom the same shall be done) shall at the same time certify the same, by subscribing his Name thereto; for doing whereof such Master shall be paid for each Certificate one Shilling and no more; then, and in every such Case, the Stock mentioned in such Receipts so to be transferred, shall respectively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trusts, for the Benefit of the same Persons,

H and

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C 17.

81

and for the same Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes, as the rest of the trust Stock remaining in such Trustees respectively will or ought to be subject or liable to; and such Trustees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnilied from any Loss, Charges or Damages, on account of their so doing, at the Expenses of the said trust Estates.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to not |.; pder restrain or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or disposing of any of the said trust Moneys in the difooiiiis of any other Purchases or any other Securities, public or private, if they shall so think fit, in the lame Truil Moneys m Manner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves as they might have done if the Act had

not been made.

5. Sea Company, 6 Geo. a. C 2; & 2s. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17. g Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 20 Geo. 2. f. 3. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 OJ 1j.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming Moneys <crante<t into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, 'this Sciiion howintituled, An Act for continuing the duties upon Malt, Alum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part oj Great Bri cap!, a.pi'c 1 tain tailed England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mutn, Cyder and Perry', in

that Pat t of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and lb much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the interest. Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be rajed C. 1p, s in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act Cap. 6. for reviving the Duties on Salt for the Time therein mentioned, and so much Money, if any such be, of the '

Duties thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and also the Sum of one hundred twenty-three thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds two Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and not applied for the Service of that Year, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

VIII. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there 6a*'for Navd shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred eighty eight services. J thousand eight hundred and eighty-five Pounds seven Shillings and five Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say. For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for Half pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals,

Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, ^r|enwic*h0f there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand pitai.

Pounds, upon Account, for and towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

X. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there tff' shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty six thousand ordnance and ninety one Pounds seventeen Shillings and threepence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the

Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service not provided for by Parliament.

XI. And it is hereby likewise enaeled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afire r'n'nnv

said, there shall or may be issued or applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine hundred fovland"forces, thirty-four thousand three hundred and eighty one Pounds seventeen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say. Any Sum of Money not exceeding six hundred fifty-three Jcf.

thousand two hundred and sixteen Pounds fen Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Charge of in create J seventeen thousand seven hundred and nine Men, including Commission and Non commission Officers Britain.

and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, 'and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Foices for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money, 160, 214l. 4s. not exceeding one hundred sixty thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds four Shillings and eleven h1'tll % i Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, 'nations, IV and for Provision for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty5.34*1.5. five thousand three hundred and forty-eight Pounds two Shillings, upon Account for Out pensioners f Chelsea Hospital, for the ear one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; and any Sum or Sums ot pi vol. VI M Money,

82

C 17.

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

S. Money, not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred and fifty-eight Pounds ten Shillings and eight Pence for extraord1 ny halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred, and not provided for by nary Services. Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand six hundred and eighty 5c, 6?81. is for eight Pounds two Shillings, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land cers. pay 1 " f°ices and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed 3, 96*1 forwi concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand nine hundred p°7officcn. and sixty two Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth. Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen) for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; which said Sum of two thousand nine hundred and sixty two Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over 10 such Widows of half-pay Officers or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty by such or the like Warrant or Warrants shall be graciously pleased, 22, 6941.7s. 6d. from Time to Time, to direct or appoint; and any Sum or Sums of morey, not exceeding twenty-two. jjenmark°wn f t^ou^an<^ X lumc re^ ninety four Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, to make good and complete the Agio or Difference of the Subsidies parable to the Crown of Denmark, in pursuance of his late majesty's Declaration dated the sixteenth Day of Abril one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven.

41, 3461. is. id.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, 3 Farthings for there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-one thou thegeneral0 land three hundred forty six Pounds one shilling and one Penny three Farthings, for making good the Fund. Deficiency of the Fund commonly called The General Fund, for raffing seven hundred twenty-four

thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, 10,000l. for for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums fricancompany Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and set p' y' dements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and the Sum ia.cool. for Sir of fourteen thousand Pounds, to be applied and paid to Sir Thomas Lombe as a Reward and Recompense lombe> to him for the eminent Service he has done this Nation in discovering, with the greatest Hazard and Difficulty, the Art of making and working the three Capital Italian Engines eroded by him at Derby for making Organzine Silk, and introducing and bringing the same to full Perfection in this Kingdom at his own great Expense.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments, directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XIV. And as to the said Sum of fifty-eight thousand six hundred and eighty eight Pounds and Firved in Appli two Shillings, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enabled canon of Half and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after, prescribed shall be duly observed

in the Application thereof; that is to say, that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when die Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were

lately taken oft the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

. m

nner iking several

which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex

sixty one thousand one hundred fifty-eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, was appro priated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject never theless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enabled and declared, by

Overplus of Mo the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of sixty one thousand one hundred fifty-eight nies allowed to Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, as is or shall be more than ('efficient to satisfy the said reduced reduced offi Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application

The Moneys to be applied only as the Act directs.

Rules to be obit

Gen, 2. C 9.

be dispose'd of thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of ro to officers wi l0ft their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reafori of tl

rl/vtafc a r y

tlows, C

such Officers who are maimed or their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C 18.

83

Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, and several Tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, and also several Orders and Certificates made forth, not only in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, but likewise for Annuities of diverse Kinds payable at or near the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, have by Casualty or Mischance been lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, which ex chequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders, and other Orders of the respective Dc 1 nominations aforesaici, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament in that Be ' half: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hi all Cases where it shall appear by Exchequer biil*. Affidavit to be made before any of the Barons of the Exchequer for the lime bring, who shall intciro ordit^'

gate the Deponent thereupon, to the Satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer iuoycd, r'

Bills or any such Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders or other Orders as aforesaid, before the twenty h _ eighth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, have been or are lost, burnt or other ° Baron only wise destroyed, or that there be good Reason to believe the same have been, burnt, lost or otherwise de Exchequer, stroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders or other Orders, or to pay or discharge the same, or to issue any Moneys due or payable thereon, upon producing a Certificate from any m.d. Certificate, of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him (which Affidavit the said Barons or any of them is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the said respective Officers and Persons to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning the Moneys specified in or due upon such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, they the said Persons and Officers respectively shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the raid Bills, Tickets, Certificates and Orders at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay and discharge the same, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on any of them to be paid as if carrying Interest, as he or they should have paid or discharged on the said original Bills, Tickets, Cer 'li^oduced tificates, Annuity Orders or other Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such pr u Payments in their respective Accounts.

XVII. And in all Cases where the Signing of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Duplicates to be Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, is necessary for making the said Duplicates fisned or any of them effectual for the Purposes aforesaid, It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

WHEREAS the constituting Persons of mean Estates to be Justices of the Peace may be highly < Amended prejudicial to the public Welfare, ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma 18 Geo. jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this c"20" present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth No Persons today of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three no Person shall be capable of being a justice be justk.es who of the Peace, or to act as a Justice of the Peace for any County within that Part of Great Britain called "eaern^a1r°of'*England, or the Principality of I Vales, who shall not have an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold to and for encumbrances, his own Use and Benefit, in Possession, for Life, or for some greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, or an Estate for Years, determinable upon one or more Life or Lives, or for a certain Term originally created for one and twenty Years, or more, in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments lying in that Part of Great Britain called England, or Principality of tvales, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, over and above what will satisfy and discharge all Encumbrances that may afteeft the same.

II. And befit" further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney, Solicitor or proctor in Attorneys, soii any Court whatsoever shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven him jjr°7ncapua rired and thirty-three, be capable to continue or be a Justice of the Peace within any County for that tat: d.

Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of ivales, during such Time as he shall continue in the Business and Practice of an Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall not be qua Persons aping lified according to the Directions of this Act, shall after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand jpqualified', 'to seven hundred and thirty-three accept or take upon himself the Office of a Justice of the Peace, or shall form; 1001. do any Act as such, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of 011c hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and' Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no eitoin, Protection,

Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be conftrtted E°P°

to extend to any City or Town, being a County of itself, or to any other City, Town, Cinque Port counties!^or" 0 or Liberty having Justices of the Peace within there respective Limits and Precincts by Charter, Com other Places ua mission or otherwise; but that in every such City, Town, Liberty and Place such Persons may be capable sluft*c«9 tty

by

M

to

84 C 19. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

to be Justices of the Peace, and in such Manner only as they might have been, if this Act had rtever been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ror to the eldest V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall e?: tend to incapacitate any Peer or Lord or of Knight?' f Parliament, or the cldefl Son or Heir apparent of any Peer or Lord of Parliament, or of any Person of Shires, 5 qualified to serve as Knight of a Shire by an Act, intituled, An Act to secure the Freedom of Par9 Ann. C 5. liamenu by the further qualifying Members to sit in the House of Commons, to be a Justice of the Peace for any County, or to act as such; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

of gree^ciotif ^1. Provided a Ho, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to inca r principal Of pacitate or exclude the Officers of the Board of Green Cloth from being Justices of the Peace within iicers of the the Verge of his Majesty's Palaces, or to incapacitate or exclude the Commissioners and principal Of

Navr» fleers of the Navy, or the two Under Secretaries in each of the Offices of Principal Secretary of State,

from being Justices of the Peace in and for such Maritime Counties and Places where they usually have been Justices of the Peace; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

nor to Heads of

VII. Provided always, That this Act, nor anything herein contained, shall extend or be construed universityeuher to extenc to any f the Heads of Colleges or Halls in either of the two Universities of Oxford and cam 7 Geo. 2. c. 10. b/idre, but that they may be made Justices of the Peace of and in the several Counties of Oxford,

3- Berks and Cambridge, and the Cities and Towns within the same, and execute the Office thereof as

tcr, 'a, !d % ?thfr-^dy and freely in all Respects, as heretofore they have lawfully used to execute the same, as if this Geo. 1. c. 10. Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

15 Geo. 2. c. 24. 16 Geo. 2. C is. is G. 2. r. 20. 24 Geo. 2. c. 44 & 55. 26 Geo. 2. c. 14 (St 27. 27 Gm. 2. r. 16 G? 20. 1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to oblige the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions to determine Appeals made to them according to the Merits of the Case, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings; and to oblige Persons suing forth Writs of Certiorari to remove Orders made on such Appeals into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, to give Security to prosecute same with Effect.

Fmyr Provisiau ' WHEREAS in many Cases where his Majesty's Justices of the Peace by Law are empowered to ffl give or make Judgments or Orders, great Expenses have been occassioned by reason that such

2 Ed. 3. r. 6. ' Judgments or Orders have, on Appeals to the Justices of the Peace at their respective General or Quarter Sessions, been quashed or set aside upon Exceptions or Objections to the Form or Forms of the Fro

12 A! ci.'io.s' ' ceedings, without hearing or examining the ft ruth and Merits of the Matter in Question between the

13 it. 2. C 7. ' Parties concerned Therefore to prevent the same for the future, may it please your most Excellent

ff z»rlv majesty at h may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with if 5] ft. 2'. C die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament j 1 i r. C 6. assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the twenty-fourth Day of fun: one

1/ifi f' 4i thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, upon all Appeals to be made to the Justices of the Peace at their

1 ed.f. c.v.' respective General or Quarter Sessions to be held lor any County, Riding, City, Liberty or Precinct, X R 3. C 3. within that Part of Great Britain called England, against Judgments or Orders given or made by any Ju

i. 7. C 1. ftices of the Peace as aforesaid, such Justices so assembled at any General or Quarter Sessions shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon all and every9Cro. j. C 7. such Appeals lo made to them, to cause any Defect or Defcdls of Form that shall be found in any such vt Itilices original Judgments or Orders, to be reblified and amended without any Cost or Charge to the Parties may refhfy De concerned, and after such Amendment made shall proceed to hear, examine and consider the Truth lefts of Form and Merits of all Matters concerning such original Judgments or Orders, and likewise to examine all sdxsp Witnesses upon Oath, and hear all other Proofs relating thereto, and to make such Determinations ceed to deter thereupon as by Law they should or ought to have done, in case there had not been such Defect mine them. or Want of Form in the original Proceeding; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. "And whereas diverse Writs of Certiorari have been procured to remove such Judgments or Orders

into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at jfefminjhr, in hopes thereby to dilcoura0e and weary out

the Parties concerned in such judgments or Orders by great Delays and Expenses: 'Be it therefore en

No Ccruoran to a(qe(j by the Authority aforesaid, ft hat no Certiorari shall be allowed to remote any such Judgement or removequfticcs Order, unless the Party or Parties prosecuting such Certiorari, before the Allowance thereor, shall enter Orders, without into a Recognisance with sufficient Sureties before one or more Justices of the Peace of the County. or Place, or before the Justices at their General Quarter sessions or General Sessions where such Judge

cute°to meet or Order shall have been given or made, or before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the said

Court of King's Bench, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with Condition to prosecute the same at his or their own Costs and Charges with Effect, without any wilful or atfecled Delay, and to pay the Party or Parties, in whose Favour and for whose Benefit such Judgement or Order was given or made, within one Month after the said Judgement or Order shall be confirmed, their full Costs and Charges, to be taxed accord rtco^nizance 'ns the Course ov the Court where such Judgments or Orders shall be confirmed; and in case the fufticls to pro Party or Parties prosecuting such Certiorari shall not enter into such Recognisance, or shall not period.' form

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C 20.

85

form the Conditions aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to proceed and make fadi further Order or Orders for the Benefit of the Party or Parties for whom such Judgement shall be given, in such Manner as if no Certiorari had been granted.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Recognisance and Re Recognizances

aforesaid shall be certified into the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, imo iheking's

cognizances to be taken as

and there filed with the Certiorari and Order, or judgement removed thereby; and if the said Order Ecndi or Judgement shall he confirmed by the said Court, the Persons entitled to such Cofis for the Recovery thereof, within ten Days after Demand made of the Person or Persons who ought to pay the said Cofis, upon Oath made of the making such Demand and Refusal of Payment thereof, shall have an contempt f Attachment granted against him or them by the said Court for such Contempt, and the said Recogui Tor subsequent zance so given, upon the allowing of such Certiorari, shall not be discharged, until the Cofis dial, be D'chf!' Le pa; d, and the Order so confirmed shall be complied with and obeyed. Bit 'in

CAP. XX.

at

cf tbi f'regnr.g Lb a friar

Act for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mi (chiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge.

C WHEREAS the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the k naoft glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strand in the County of Kent, have for above two hundred Years last part been a Corporation, and by luig Usage and by Virtue of diverse Letters Patent granted to thereby the Crown, been authorised and empowered to appoint Pilots, Loadsmen or Guides to conduit Ships and Vessels out of the Rivers of Thames and Medway through the North Channel to or by Orfordness, and round the Long sand head into the Dawns, k and from and by Orfordness up the North Channel and the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and also to make such Orders and Constitutions as Should be necessary for the wholesome Government, Maintenance and Increase of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men coming or being within the River of Thames, and in Pursuance of such Powers and by ancient Usage have, from Time to Time, appointed a competent Number of Pilots for the Purposes before mentioned, and made Orders, from Time to Time for the better Regulation and Government of the same, and also for preventing Mischiefs, Damages and An act' noyances upon the said River; but diverse Persons, without Examination, Licence or Authority by or from the said Corporation, have taken upon themselves to ast as Pilots or Loadsmen, and to conduct and guide Ships and Vessels to and from the several Places aforesaid, to the great Plazard of such Ships and vessels and their Cargoes, and the Lives of the Persons on board the same, and to the Obstruction of Navigation within the said Limits, and the Prejudice of lawful and licensed Pilots, who attend wholly on that Service, and on which their Livelihood chiefly depends: And whereas great Lolles by Fire may happen to Merchants and Owners of Ships, occasioned by Powder being taken in ad remain ing on board while Ships lie in the River of Thames, and by heating of Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Grcafe, C Tallow, Od and other combustible Matters and Tilings on board Ships and other Vessels lying in.

the said River: And whereas by the keeping Guns (hotted on board Ships lying in the said River, and.

by firing Guns in the nighttime, not only the Ships lying in the said River, but also his Majesty's ' Docks and Yards, and the Tower and City of London, and the Lives of diverse Persons, may be greatly endangered: And whereas the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Corporation are round not sufficient or effectual to remedy and prevent the Mischiefs and ill Practices before mention ed Therefore for promoting and securing a mere safe Navigation for Ships and Vessels in the River of Themes, and for the more effectual preventing and remedying the Dangers, Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the said River below London Bridge, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and nfer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ani Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day After 24 Tune of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, if any Person shall take upon himself the Charge of any Ship or Vessel as Pilot down the River oi Thames, or through the t£ethames, ssc. North Channel to or by Orfordness, or round the Long sand head into the Dozens, or down the South Channel without licence. into the Drums, or from or by Orfordness up the North Chapel, or the River of Thames, or the River Medway, other than such Personas shall be licensed and authorised to actl as a Pilot by the said Mafier, Wardens; nd Assistants for the Time being, under the Common Seal of the Corporation, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any Two or more of his Majesty's justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the Counties of middhj'ex, ejj.x, Kent or Surrey; or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall lor every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: Provided, That noihing in this Act contained shall extend or Penalty col. be construed to extend to the obliging of any Matter or Owner of any Ship in the Coal Trade, or other 10

coastin'g Trade, to employ or make use of any Pilot. C e,

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mafier or Commander of Gunpowder any Ship or other Vessel whatsoever outward bound, shall receive, or cause or permit to be received on board any such Ship or Vessel any Gunpowder, either as Merchandise, or as Store or Ammunition for Btackwall. the Voyage (except for his Majesty's Sendee) before such Ship or Vessel shall be at, or over against, or below Black uadi, upon Pain of forfeiting for every fifty Pounds Weight of Gunpowder to be so shipped or received on board such Ship or Vessel the Sum of five Pounds, and foin Proportion for a greater Penalty, or Idler Quantity.

4

C 20.

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

Ships coming into the Thames to land their Powder before Arrival atblack wall.

[Penalty.]

No Sinn Guns to be fired between London Bridge and Blackwail alter Setting of the Sun.

[Penalty.]

No Pitch, Tar, C to be melted on board such veltds,

[Penalty.]

Corporation to appoint a Person to inspeifl vesselsj

Penalty on ob flrufling him.

Penalties to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Corporation.

Two Justices of London, C

may issue Warrants against Offenders,

and give Judgement.

A ppealto Quar

eer sessions.

Pilots to be ("object to the Corporation,

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Masteror Commander of every Ship or Vessel coining into the River Thaws shall land and put on shore, or cause to be landed and put on Shore, all the Powder on board such Ship or Vessel, either before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at Blackwail, or within twenty-four Hours, in case the Weather shall permit, after such Ship or Vessel shall come to an Anchor there, or at the Place of her Unloading, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of live Pounds for every fifty Pounds Weight of Gunpowder found on board, and in the like Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; and if any Gunpowder shall be found on board any such Ship or Vessel above Blackwail, after the Time hereby limited for unloading the same, the Master or Commander of every such Ship or Vessel shall, for every fifty rounds Weight of Gunpowder lb found on board, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mailer or Commander, or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel (except his Majesty's Ships) shall, while such Ship or Vessel shall lie or be in the River of Thames between London Bridge and Blackwail, keep any Gun or Guns of and belonging to such Ship or Vessel (hotted or loaded with Ball, or shall fire or discharge, or cause or permit to be fired or discharged, any Gun or Guns on board such Shi]) or Vessel lying above Blackwail, before Sun rising or after Sun setting, such Mailer, Commander or Officer shall for every such Gun so kept lhotted or loaded forfeit the Sum of five Shillings; and for every Gun so fired or discharged the Sum of ten Shillings: And also, That if any Master, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Veiled, or any other Person on board the same shall, while such Ship or Vessel shall lie or be in the River of Thames between London Bridge and Blackwail, heat or melt, or cause or permit to be heated or melted by Fire, Logger Heat, Shot or any other Thing, on board any such Ship or Vessel, any Pitch, 'far, Rosin, Grease, Tallow, Oil or other such combustible Matter or Things, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

V. And for the better Discovery of the oft ende' s against this Act, and bringing them to condign pu nishment, and ascertaining and recovering the Penalties hereby inflicted and directed to be levied, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master, Wardens and Affillants for the Time being, by Instrument or Instruments under their Common Seal, to authorise and appoint any elder Brother of the said Corporation to go in a Boat between the Sun rising and Sun. setting to airy Ship or Vessel, and to enter and go onboard the same (his majesty's Ships always excepted) in order to search for Powder, Guns (hotted, and the heating and melting such combustible Matters as aforementioned, within the Limits wherein such Offences are respectively by this act prohibited; and if the Master, Commander or other Officer in any such Ship or Vessel shall, upon Demand in that Behaf made, refuse to permit, or shall not permit any Person or Persons so authorised and appointed for the respective Services as aforesaid, to enter into and come on board such Ship or Vessel, and make a due and proper Search and Examination for the Purposes aforesaid, every such Master, Commander or other Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the pecuniary Forfeitures

and Penalties arising and imposed by this Act shall be paid, disposed of and applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for two or more Justices of the Peace in the City 01 London, or any of the four Counties above-mentioned, within their respective Jurisdictions, not being Members of the said Corporation, to hear and determine any of the Offences against this Act; and such Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and reepuired, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf within ten Days after any such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties nccufed, and also the Witnesses on either Side, or after Oath made of the Commission of any of the Facts above-mentioned, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party offending in the said City of London, or any of the Counties within their respective Jurisdictions, or upon the River of Thames within any of the Limits above-mentioned, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing (upon the proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses on Oath (which Oath they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to administer) and to give Judgement or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by the View of the said Justices or any of them, or upon such Information as aforesaid, or on Confession of the Party accused, to award and issue Warrants for the levying any pecuniary Penalties so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five Days, rendering to the Parry the Overplus, if any there be, and where Goods of such Offenders cannot be found, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, or until such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be paid; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied in the Judgement of the said Justices, then such Person or Persons shall and may by virtue of this Act complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter sessions, for the County, City or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case of Conviction to issue Warrants for levying or compelling, by such Means as aforesaid, the Payment of the said Penalties.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Pilot and Pilots already admitted and appointed, or hereafter to be admitted and appointed by the said Corporation, shall, from Time to Time,

A.D. 1732. Anno ouinto Georgii IX C. 20i 87

Time, 'and at all times hereafter, be subject! to the Regulation and Government of the said Corporation; provided such Regulations do not relate to the Pilots keeping of Turns, or to the settling the Rates of'

Pilotage; and shall pay the ancient and accustomed Dues, provided the same do not exceed one Shilling p»ylhc 30 in the Pound, out of Their respective Wages, jloadfm anage or Pilotage, which they shall respectively re L eiw uc!' ceive, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation, within ten Days after the Service of such Pilots respectively shall be ended, unto such Person or Persons as by the Corporation shall, from

L ime to Time, be appointed to receive the same.

IX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Pilot or Pilots shall Pilots mifbrfia refule to take the Charge or Conduct! of any of his Majesty's Ships, when appointed thereto by Or may b^cami^ der of the said Corporation, or that it shall appear to the Corporation, that such Pilot or Pilots shall ed. have misbehaved themselves in the Conduct! of any Ship or Ships, or in the Execution of any other Part of their Duty as Pilots, or if such Pilot or Pilots shall reful'e to obey any Summons of the said Corporation requiring their Appearance, or to obey such Orders as the said Corporation shall make in the Premises, or in any wise offend again! this Act, then the General Court of the said Corporation, upon Examination thereof, are hereby authorised and required to recall the Warrant or Warrants granted to such Pilot or Pilots, and to declare the same to be from thenceforth utterly' void; and if any such Person or Persons so offending shall (after such Declaration and Notice thereof given by the Clerk of the said Corporation to him or them in Person, or left at his or their usual Place of Abode) act as a Pilot within the Limits afore mentioned, he or they shall be subject! to all the Penalties infiidied, Penalty n anon Persons acting as unlicensed Pilots by this Act, to be levied in manner aforesaid.

X. And whereas by the frequently laying up and mooring of Ships and other Vessls in the Mouth and other Parts of Saint Saviours Dock in the County of Surrey, great Quantities of Soil and Mud have settled and lodged there, which oblfrudls the passing and repairing of Ships and Vessels in and out of the said Dock; 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Penalty on Vessel shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, "^s^savicurti be laid up or moored in the Mouth or any Part of the said Dock (except such Ships or Vessels as shall be Dock, " loading or taking in or unloading or delivering their Cargoes respectively, and also except such Ships or Vessels, not exceeding two in Number at any one time, as shall lie at the Yard called Shipwright lard, at the Northwest Corner of the said Dock, during the Time such Ships and Vessels shall be repairing and no longer) the Master or Owner of every such Ship or Vessel so laid lip or moored, shall forfeit and pay for every Day such Ship or Vessel shall f. continue to be laid up and moored (unless for the Purposes aforesaid) the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered, applied and disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes, as the other pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act are directed to be recovered and applied.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the taking Notto extsndto away, abridging, defeating, impeaching or interrupting of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises and Privi hou^of'huil leges heretofore granted to or which by any ancient Usage and Custom have from Time to Time been or Newcastle. enjoyed and used by the Pilots of the Trinity House of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or the Trinity House of Ntwciijile upon Tyne.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Adr or any Tiling therein vcr Des}' contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, lessening, abridging, 'prejudi et' except cing or impeaching any of the Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Powers, Authorities or Immunities, nor to lessen or take away the sole Right and Privilege of piloting all Merchants Ships and Vessels from or by Dover, Deal, and the Kle of Thanet, up the Rivers Thames and Medway, granted, given and allowed to the Society and Feilowfiiip of the Master, Warden and Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the I lie of Thanet, by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of his late Majesty King George, 3 Geo. ic. 13.intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, which said Act, together with a Cause 7ceo.j. stat. contained in an Act of the seventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further C I preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East indies under Foreign c'.rmnifjions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal and the isle cf Thanet, 'was further confirmed and continued by an Act of the tenth Year of his said late Majesty, h Geo. i.e, 17.intituled, An Act for continuing Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern. Borders of England, and for better regulating of Pilots, and for regulating the Assize of Bread, and for better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; all which Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Powers, Authorities and " Immunities as before expressed, and the said lole Right and Privilege of Pilotage as aforesaid, are hereby declared and enacted to remain wholly untouched, and to continue in as full Force and virtue to them the said Master, 'Wardens and Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, as if this present Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall he deemed and taken to be a Publics ha, public Act, of which all Judges, justices and other Persons are to take notice; and if any Suit or Limitation of Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything clone or to bedone in Actions, pursuance of this Act, that in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months after the! committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was clone in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such action or Suit shall be brought after the

---

88 C. 21. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Not so prejudice London,]

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or take away any Right, Property or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, or of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to, in and upon the River of Thames aforesaid.

[nor Lord High Admiral.]

XV. Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to abridge, prejudice or derogate from any Right, Authority or Jurisdiction belonging to the Office of Lord High Admiral; but that the same shall be and continue in the same State and Condition as before the making of this Act.

CAP. XXI.

An additional Act for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom of Ireland to foreign Parts.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

[10 & 11 W. 3. C. 10.]

---

Admiralty to appoint three Ships, and eight armed Sloops, to cruise on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, to seize Vessels having Woollen Manufactures on Board.

Lists of Ships and Sloops to be sent to the com nftftionerb of Customs, C

Commanders of Ships and Sloops may feurch vessels

on finding the Goods prohibited,

carry Crew and Cargo into Port.

Ships and Goods forfeited,

after Condemnation to be sold publickly on 21 Days Notice.

Distribution of Forfeitures.

intituled, An Act to prevent the exportation of wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England, and for the Encouragement of the tvoollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, certain Ships and Sloops are directed to cruise on the Coasts of England and Inland, particulatly between the North of Ireland and Scotland, with Orders to take and seize all Ships, Vessels and Boats, which shall export any Wool, with intent to carry it into foreign Parts, but the Commanders of such Ships and Sloops are not thereby authorised to seize Ships, Vessels and Boats, which ilial! export any Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts, the Exportation whereof is nevertheless pro hibited by Lav.', and are discouraged by other rerih6tions in the said Act from putting tyre same in Execution Therefore, to render the said Act more effectual, te it enacted b the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office cf Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint three Ships of the sixth Rate, and eight or more armed Sloops, constantly to eruize on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, in such Stations as the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for the Time being, shall assign to such Ships and Sloops respectively, with Orders for taking and seizing all Ships, Vessels and Boats, in which any Worded, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Clothj Serges, Bays, Kerleys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons or any other Drapery Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or wool flocks, shall be exported or laden in order to be exported from Inland into foreign Parts; and that the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for the time being, shall send a List of such Ships and Sloops, and the Names of the Commanders thereof, together with true Copies of the several Instructions to them given, within ten Days after th; Date of the said Orders, to his Majesty's Commissioners for the Management of the Customs in Gnat Britain, and to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commander of every such Ship and Sloop in any Port, Creek or Road, or in the open Sea, within the Limits of the Station which shall be assigned to such Ship or Sloop as aforesaid, to enter and search or cause to be entered and searched, any Ship, Vessel or Boat; and if upon such Seaich any of the said prohibited Commodities shall be found therein, and the Master or Commander of such Ship, Vdill or Boat, flvdl not immediately produce to the Commander of such Ship or Sloop a lawful Cocket oc Warrant, licensing the Exportation or Transportation thereof, to take and seize such Ship, Veiled or Boat, and to carry the same, together with the Crew and Cargo thereof, into any Port in Great Britain or Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Ship, Vessel or Boat so taken and seized, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, and all the said prohibited Commodities which shall be found therein, shall be forfeited, and the said prohibited Commodities shall be lodged in the King's Warehousehotife in such Port into which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be carried as aforesaid, until it shall be condemned according to Law, and being so condemned, shall be exposed publicly to sale, after one and twenty Days' publick Notice thereof in Writing, being affixed upon tyre customhouse of the said Port, by Inch of Candle, to the Raft and bed Bidder; and that every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and all the Guns, Tackle, Furniture and Apparel thereof, shall after Condemnation thereof be exposed to late in like manner; and that one fourth Part of the Produce of such Sale or Sales shall be to the Commander of the Ship or Sloop, that shall m ke such Seizure as aforesaid, one other fourth Part to the other Officers of such Ship or Sloop, one ot' er fourth Part to the Mariners thereof, to be equally distribured to the said Marine' s by the chief Officer of the Customs hi the said Port, or by such Person or Persons as Hull be authorised to make such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, and the other fourth Part thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after a

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 22. 89

'Deduction made out of the lad fourth Part for air the Charges of Prosecution and Condemnation':

Provided always, That if such Seizure shall be made upon the Information of any Person or Per informers in -- fons, such Informer or Informers shall not only be indemnified from the Pains, Penalties 'and, dsrmmiurd. Forfeitures, to which Exporters of the said prohibited Commodities, their Aiders and Abetters are liable, but shall also receive one fifth Part of the Produce of such Sale or Sales, and the Residue thereof shall be divided into four equal Parts, and distributed in such Manner as is herein before also 'ltt

directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. that if any Action shall be commenced General Issue. against: any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Person shall and 'may plead the General lithe, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue the Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, or Judgement be given against him upon a Demurrer, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be admitted to claim Property in any recfonsciaim seizure that shall be made upon any Clause in this or any Act of Parliament for preventing the un ip? siiaa s in lawful Exportation of Woollen Goods from Ireland, till he or they shall first have given sufficient ^cmvy to an? Security by Recognisance entered into before one of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, or rwcrtlic Pen atone of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, to answer the Penalties attending the Forfeiture thereof. - 1

VI. And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign Chufc in n*'* of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and foriej, c'13*' ' explaining the At, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the woollcn Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, it is enacted and declared, That neither the "said Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, nor anything therein contained, shall be con

to extend to subject any Person or Persons, or any Ship or Veiled, to any of the Pains,

Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said Act contained, for or touching such Woolsells, Shorlings or Mortlings, as shall be necessary for the Use of the Gunner or boatswain's Stores, for the Ship or

1 Vessel only, and as for so much Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges,

Shalloons or other Drapery Stuffs, or other Manufactures, as shall be for the proper Use for Clothes

only of any Mariner or Passenger, for his of her Wearing Apparel or Furniture, on Board such Ship

in the Voyage, and shall not exceed in the whole, for any one Mariner or Passenger, the value of forty Shillings: And whereas under pretence of the Exemption in the said Clause contained, great Quantities of Woolsells, Shorlings and Mortlings, and of Cloth, Serge, Bays, Says, Kerseys, Frizes,

Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons or other Drapery Stuff's, or other Manufactures. been exported from Ireland into Foreign Parts, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause shall from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, be and is hereby repealed.

VII. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained shall not extend or be construed Not to make to extend to disannul or make void any other Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by any former Law, upon ^ohvnn'er1" the Exportation of Wool and Woollen Manufactures, or to alter or repeal any Clause therein conon Exnoi -- tained, which is not hereby altered or repealed; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in tation of wool, any wise notwithstanding. ivcol

see farther, 12.

Geo. 2. c. 21. 15 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25 Geo. 2. e, 14. 26 Geo. 2. C % & 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

---

CAP. XXII.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America and to restrain the Number of Apprentices taken by the hat makers in the said Colonies or Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making Hats in Great Britain.

[Former Provisions concerning Hats, &c. 8 Eliz. c. 13. 1 Jac. I. c. 17.]

WHEREAS the Art and Mystery of making Hats in Great Britain hath arrived to great Perfection, and considerable Quantities of Hats manufactured in this Kingdom have heretofore been exported to his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies in America, who have been wholly supplied with Hats from Great Britain; and whereas great Quantities of Hats have of late Years been made, and the said Manufacture is daily increasing in the British Plantations in America, and is from thence exported to foreign Markets, which were heretofore supplied from Great Britain, and the hat makers in the said Plantations take many Apprentices for very small Terms, to the Discouragement of the said Trade, and debasing the said Manufacture: Wherefore for preventing the said ill Practices for the future, and for promoting and encouraging the Trade of making Hats in Great Britain, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After 29 Sept. 1732, no Hats or Felts to be transported from British Plantations.]

That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, no Hats or Felts whatsoever, dyed or undyed, finished or unfinished, shall be shipt, loaden or put on Board any Ship or Vessel in any Place or Parts within any of the British Plantations, upon any Pretence whatsoever, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, and also that no Hats or Felts, either dyed or undyed, finished or unfinished, shall be loaden upon any Horse, Cart or other Carriage, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, transported, shipped off, carried

90 C. 22. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

or conveyed out of any of the said British Plantations to any other of the British Plantations or to any other Place whatsoever, by any Person or Persons whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Offender and Offenders, Offence and Offences against this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned, that is to say,

[Hats or Felts so transported, forfeited,]

The said Hats or Felts dyed or undyed, finished or unfinished, so exported, transported, shipped off, carried, conveyed or loaden contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited,

[and 500l.]

and that every of the Offender and Offenders therein shall likewise forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every such Offence committed;

[Penalty on assisting 40l.]

and every Master, Mariner, Porter, Carter, Wagoner, Boatman, or other Person whatsoever knowing such Offence, and wittingly aiding and assisting therein, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds; which said several Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or in such of the said plantations wherein such Offence shall be committed (in which Suit no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed) and shall go and be applied, one moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, that shall sue for the same.

---

[Prohibited Hats

icing's ware honfe.

Seijers indem nined.

rlum.ni.u

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for and Fdts tobe° any Person or Persons to seize, take, secure and convey to his Majesty's next Warehouse all such Hats isued and car and Felts dyed or undyed, finished or unfinished - he or they shall happen to see, find, know or discover to be laid on Board in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, or to be brought, carried or laid on Shore at or near the Sea, or in any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported or conveyed out of the said Plantations, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Actor to be' laden upon any Horse, Cart or other Carriage to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, conveyed or carried into any other of the said Plantations, or into any other Part or Place whatsoever, to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and that such Person or Persons, that shall happen so to seize. -. or secure any of the Commodities aforesaid, shall be indemnified for so doing to all.intents and Purposes.

IV. And to the Intent and Purpose that this Act may more effectually be put in Execution, for' ' preventing the growing Mischiefs that daily do or may arise to this Kingdom, from the Exportation of such Goods as aforesaid, or any of them, out of the British' Plantations, should the same ftilk t be suffered to be sent from thence to supply other Plantations and Foreign Markets, that are or have' ' been supplied from Great Britain: ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid*.that if any Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Officer or Officers of the customs.of any Port or Place within the anri/ft Plantations, or any Farmer or Farmers of the Revenue of the Customs arising.in the Plantations, or any Officer or Officers employed in the Management of the said Revenue, shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, take or suffer to be taken, any Entry outward, or sign any Cocket, Warrant or sufferance for the Shipping, or Exporting any Hats or Felts dyed or undyed, finished or unfinished. wittingly and willingly permit, contrive or suffer the same to be clone, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; that then and in every, such case, such Commissioner or Commissioners, Farmer or Farmers, Officer or Officers so signing such Cocket, Warrant or Sufferance, or passing, such Entry for the same, or any wise conniving the reat, contrary to the true Intent and meaning, hereof, shall for every such Offence or Neglect, forfeit his Office, and shall moreover for every such forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, so be recovered and applied in Manner and Form as aforesaid.

---

[Offences where to be tried.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Offence committed against this act shall and may be inquired of, tried, heard and determined, in the County where any such Goods shall be so laden or put on Board as aforesaid, or else in the County or Place either in Great Britain or the Plantations where such Offender shall happen to be apprehended or arrested for such Offence, or where any of the Goods aforesaid shall happen to be seized, taken or brought in; and that the said Trial shall be in such Manner and Form, and in such Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Offence had been wholly done and committed in the same County or Place where the same shall be tried by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

[General Issue.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Person so sued shall and may file common Bail or enter into a common Appearance, and plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and, upon Issue joined, may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, or if upon Demurrer Judgement pass against him, the Defendant shall recover treble Costs and Damages.

---

[None to work Felts or Hats

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person residing in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one

fcrvedcansaa e thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, make or cause to be made, any Felt or Hat of or with any premiceship P' Wool or Stuff whatsoever, unless he shall have first served as an Apprentice in the Trade or Art of felt thereto, making during the Space of seven Years at the lead; neither shall any felt maker or hat maker in any

of the said Plantations employ, retain or set to work, in the said Art or Trade, any Personas a Journeyman or hired Servant, other than such as shall have lawfully served an Apprenticeship in the said Two Appren Trade for the Space of seven Years; nor shall any felt maker or hat inaker in any of the said plan tme°nlyat°ne tat ons have, take or keep above the Number of two Apprentices at one Time, or take any Apprentice, n, e'for

Officers of cu aonisj permitting Entries of such Hats, or Felts,

forfeit Office, and 5001,

---

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 23, 24. 91

for any less Term than seven Years, upon pain to forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Month that he shall continue offending in the Premises contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, of which one Moiety shall go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced, brought or prosecuted in any Court in the said Plantations, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be admitted or allowed for the Defendant.

---

[

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons inhabiting in Penalty on im the said Plantations, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred pi°yinsncsr0<: Si and thirty-two, shall retain or seton Work, in the said Art of Hat or Felt making, any Black or Negro,

upon Pain to forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every Month wherein such Person or Persons shall so offend, contrary to the Meaning of this act; and to be recovered and applied in Manner, and to the Uses aforesaid.

[

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained Avail extend to charge any Person or Persons Sons may work lawfully exercising the said Art, with any Penalty or Forfeiture for setting or uling his or their own Son in their taiheis or Sons to the making or working Hats or Felts in his or their own House or Houses, so as every such Houses

Son or Sons be bound by Indenture of Apprenticeship, for the Term of seven Years at the lead, which Term shall not be to expire before he shall be of the full Age of twenty-one Years; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every felt maker residing in the said Plantations, who at the Beginning of this present Session of Parliament was a Maker or Worker

of Hats or Felts, and being an Housholder, and likewise all such as were at the Beginning of this pre Exceptions sent Session Apprentices, Covenant Servants, or Journeymen in the same Art or Mystery of felt ma j^ersancl" king, so as such Apprentices serve or make up their respective Apprenticeships, shall and may continue journeymen, and exercise the Trade or Art of making Hats and Felts in the said Plantations, although the same Persons were not bound Apprentices to the same Art for the Term of seven Years; anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[Public Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present act shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be a public act, of which all Judges and Justices are to take Notice without special pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for making void the several Contracts for Sale of the Estate of James late Earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of two hundred Pounds during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in Pursuance of the same.

PR.

See Appendix.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America.

---

WHEREAS there is great Reason to believe that the Soil and Climate of the Island of Jamaica, and of other British Plantations in America, are proper for the Growth of Coffee, and that great Quantities of that Commodity may be produced in the said Plantations, and from thence imported into this Kingdom, if Encouragement be given for that Purpose, to the great Advantage not only of the said Plantations, but likewise of this Kingdom:

And whereas by an act of Parlia

meat made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

[10 Geo. i. C

intituled,

An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Coconuts, Chocolate and

Cocoa Paste imported, and for granting certain inland Duties in Lieu thereof, and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste, and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee,

Tea and Coconuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell late Earl of Carnwath, it was enacted and declared, That the several Duties upon Coffee then payable by an act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and by an act $ w. 3. C 7.

of Parliament made in tyre third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and by one Ann C '

t other act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, 5'^' C ' (hold cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable; and that an Inland Duty should be 10 ' nn' C

charged and imposed upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, after the Rate of two Shillings per Pound Averdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above all Customs, Subsidies and Duties which then remained payable to his Majesty for the same upon the Importation thereof, which Duty was to be managed and collected by Persons to be nominated and appointed by Virtue of the said act, under certain Rules, Limitations, Forfeitures and Penalties therein

mentionednow for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in the said Plantations, and the Importation of the same from thence into this Kingdom, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre After -5 March sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth an choft?e

Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, all eritin?plvnu coffee of the Growth and Product of any of the british Plantations in America shall, in Lieu of the tions in ameri said Inland Duty of two Shillings per Pound W eight, pay an Inland Duty of one Shilling and sixpence, "j.

C 24.

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

to be applied as duelled by 10 Geo. i.'c. 10.

Planter, or his Agent, to make Oath of the Growth,

and produce a

Copy to the Collector.

Commanders of Velieh to make Oath of the Receipt of such Coffee on board, and of no other;

See for the Oath.

Particulars to be fgecified.

The Goods to be marked.

re

and

and no more, per Pound Weight Averdupoize, and in that. Proportion for a greater orleffer Quantity, and the Persons nominated and appointed by Virtue of the first mentioned atto manage and collect: the said Inland Duty arising thereby, shall and are hereby empowered to take and receive the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence per Pound and no more, for. all Coffee of the Growth and Product of the British Plantations above-mentioned; anything in the said. Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided and be it enacted, That the said Duty shall be applicable to the Uses and Purposes contained and declared in the said Act of the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and all Officers employed in managing and collecting the same, and all Persons importing, jelling, buying or dealing, in such Coffee shall be subject to the Rules, Limitations, Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties to be prosecuted, received and divided in the Manner thereby prescribed and directed

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, no coffee flail 'be buffered to be put on. board any Ship or Vessel in any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, until the Planter or Grower of such Coffee, or his known Agent, flail make Oath or Affirmation in Writing, before two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in or near the Place where the said Coffee grew (which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) that the same is actually of the Growth' and Produce of such planter's or grower's Plantation lying in the District, Division or Parish of

within the Island or Colony of which Oath or Affirmation shall be

produced to the Collector, Comptroller and Naval Officer, or any of them, by the Pe'rforr or Persons who flail enter or ship fuel! Coffee, before the Entry and Shipping thereof for Great Britain; and such Person or Persons flail likewise make Oath or Affirmation before the said Officers, or any two of them, 'that the Coffee then to be shipped is the very same Coffee, and no other than what is mentioned in such Oath or Affirmation of the Planter or Grower, or his known Agent as aforesaid, which oath or Affirmation the Collector and comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer at the port where the said Coffee is to be loaded, or any two of them, are. empowered to administer; the said Collector and Comptroller, and Naval Officer are hereby required to deliver a Certificate of such Affidavit or Affirmation, under their respective Hands and Seals, to the Commander or Master of such Ship or Vessel, on board of which the said Coffee is to be shipped; the Master or Person having Command of such Ship or Vessel flail, before clearing his ship or Vessel, also make oath in the like Manner, that he has received such Coffee, on board his Ship or Vessel, and that he has no more or other Coffee on board his Ship or Vessel than such for which Proofs shall be made as aforesaid, and that he will not take or receive any more. Coffee on board before, his Arrival in Great Britain, and making a Report of his Lading the re, 'for which Affidavit or Affirmation, and Certificate, the said Collector and Comptroller, or Naval Officer shall receive as a Fee or Reward the Sum of five Shillings, and no more; and all Certificates of such Affidavits' or Affirmations flail, by the Commander or Master or such Ship or Vessel importing such Coffee into this Kingdom; be produced, by such Master or Person having command of tyre Ship or Vessel, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such Ship flail unlade at the Time of making his Report, and flail at the same Time deliver to such Collector and Comptroller a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer of the Port or Place where such Coffee flail have been.shipped, or any two of them, testifying the particular Quantities of such Coffee, which shall be so laden, and of which such Proofs shall be. made as aforesaid the Package, or Packages in which the same is contained, with the particular Marks, Numbers and Weights of each Package; and the said Master flail likewise make Oath, or if he be one of the People called Quakers, solemnly affirm before them, that the coffee.in the said or Certificates mentioned was truly taken onboard, 'as in the said Certificate or Certificates is expressed, and that after his Departure from the Place or Places where such Coffee mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates was laded, he did not take on board, or permit to be laded on board, his said Ship or Vessel, either at Sea or elsewhere, any Parcel or Parcels of Coffee, and that all the Coffee on board his said Ship is mentioned and set forth in the said Certificate or Certificates; and upon the Entry of such coffee at the customhouse, and paying or securing tile several Duties then due thereupon, a Mark shall be seton every Parcel, denoting it to contain coffee of the Growth of the British > 'and where and by what Ship imported, and thereupon such parcel.or Parcels of.coffee so marked, shall be lodged in a Warehouse or Warehouses, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act passed in the tenth year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and the Importer or Proprietor of any Parcel or parcels of Coffee, or any other Person who shall be hnployed by such Importer or Proprietor to make an entry with the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duty, shall deliver to the said Receiver or 1 Collector the said Certificate or Certificates of the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Growth of the said Coffee in the British Plantations, made before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs or Naval. Officers, together with the said Oath or Affirmation made, as aforesaid, by the Master of such Ship or Vessel, at the Port where such Coffee was taken on board, together with the Oath or Affirmation, ora copy thereof, made by the Planter or Grower before two of his Majesty's Justices off the Peace there,

in the Manner before directed; also the said Certificate of the Package, Marks and Numbers of the

Coffee so laden on board; which said Certificate or Certificates, Oath or Affirmation, flail remain with the said Collector or Receiver of the said Inland Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commander, or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, flail take in, or permit orpuffer to be taken in at any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or at Sea; or in any Creek, Harbour or other Place in America, or shall land, suffer or permit to be landed, our of any Ship or Vessel in any of the said Plantations, any Coffee of the Growth! of Produce of any foreign Country, except such. Coffee as flail regularly exported

from

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C

25*

93

from Great Britain, on Pain of forfeiting all such Coffee, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and likewise shall suffer twelve Months Imprisonment; such p'orfeiture to be fucd for, recovered and adjudged, in any Court of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's Plantations; and what shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, in any Court of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, shall be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same; and what shall be recovered in the Plantations, shall be divided, one third to his Majesty, one third to the Governor or Commander in Chief, and the other third to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make any Oath or Affirmation by this Act directed to be made, and shall thereof, be legally convicted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in any of the Paid Plantations where such Offence was committed, such Person 16 Guilty shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be imprisoned for the Space of twelve Months; and if any Person shall forge or counterfeit a Certificate of the said Oath or Affirmation, or shall publish such Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, and be legally convicted thereof in any of the Courts aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and such Forfeiture shall be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to be recovered and divided as ns before directed and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act final! continue and be in force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

32 Geo. 2. c. 23.. Concerning Coffcet see farther

Penalty on falfis" Oath or Certificate.

Continuance of this Act.

( Continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 35.' and farther by. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXV.

An act for making Process in Courts of Equity eftcflual against Persons who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

WHEREAS sometimes Persons have withdrawn themselves beyond the Seas; or otherwise absconded, to avoid appearing in Courts of Equity, or being served with Process for that Purpose

or being brought into Court by Habeas Corpus, have refused to appear; 'For Remedy of the In 36 Ed. 3. v.g

conveniences thence arising, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice j7 C 6 and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, \\egliix. and by the Authority of the same, That if in any Suit which hath been, or hereafter shall be, com as. menced in any Court of Equity, any Defendant or Defendants, against whom any Subpoena or other SEI C ls process shall issue, shall not cause his, her or their Appearance to be entered upon, such Process within*'

such time, and in such manner as according to the Rules of the Court the same ought to have been 1 if'. & if. entered in case such Process had been duly served; and an Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made to the Sa St ' of such Court, that such or Defendants is or are beyond the Seas, or that upon^fz?' C'Inquiry at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, he, she or they could not be found so as to be served iz Geo. 1. c. 32 with such Process, and that there is just Ground to believe that such Defendant or Defendants is or are 33\ gone out of the Realm or otherwise abscond, to avoid being served with the Process of such Court; then f'ersons noven and in such Case the Court out of which such Process issued, may make an Order directing and ap iringappear pointing such Defendant or Defendants to appear at a certain Day therein to be namedand a Copy thlen of such Order shall within fourteen Days after such Order made be inserted in the London Gazette, and subpoena*a'tet published on some lord's Day, immediately after Divine Service; in the Parish Church of the Parish and juffly fuf w he re such Defendant or Defendants respectively made his, her or their usual Abode within thirty Days.

next before such his, her or their absenting; also a Copy of such Order shall within the Time afore the vrocer1 said be ported up as after mentioned (that isto fayj'a Copy of every such Order made in his Majesty's Court to fix a High Court of Chancery, Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, shall be polled up in same public Place at the Royal Exchange in London; and a Copy of te^fnfertes in every such Order made in any of the Courts of Equity of the Counties Palatine of Chester, lanca/ier the Gazette, and and Durham, or of the great Sessions in Wales; shall be ported up at some public Place in some Market £ari^church° Town within the Jurisdiction of the Court by which such Order was made, and nearest to the Place Df the Defend where such Defendant or Defendants respectively made his, her or their usual Abode as aforesaid, such darn, and ported Place of Abode being also within the Jurisdictiorr of the said Court; and if the Defendant or Defen p|a^me publics' dants do not appear within the Time limited by Inch Order, or within such further Time as the Court Defendant not shall appoint, then on Proof made of such Publication of such Order as aforesaid, the Court being satis appearing, fied of the Truth thereof may order the plaintiff's Bill to be taken pro confesso, and make such Decree the plaintiff's thereupon as shall be thought just, and may thereupon issue Process to compel the Performance of such Bill to be taken > Decree, either by ail immediate Sequestration of the real and personal Estate and Effects of the Party so absenting (if any such can be found) or such Part thereof as may be sufficient to satisfy the Demands of q.zefired, 6 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Suit, or by causing Possession of the 'Estate or Effects demanded by the Bill to be delivered to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs or otherwise, as the Nature of the Case shall require; and the said Court may likewise order such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid and satisfied his, her or their jnj Demands out of the Ellate or Effects so fequellred, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such satisfied, '. Decree, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs first giving. sufficient Security in such Sum as the Court shall think proper, to abide such Order touching the: Rellitution of such Estate or Effects as the Court shall think.

8 proper'

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 173-2-

a Copy of the Decree.

Persons out of the Realm affected by such Pecree, if they return within 7 Years, to be served with a Copy,

or in case of Death, his Jfieir, C

94 C 25.

on givingsecu proper to make concerning the same, upon the Defendant or Defendants Appearance to defend fuefe to defend thert '3u*t' an paying such Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as the Court shall order; but in case such Plain suit on Defen tiff or Plaintiffs shall refuse or neglect to give such Security as aforesaid, then the said Court shall order dant's Appear the Efcate or Effects so sequestered, or whereof Possession shall be decreed to be delivered, to remain refusing such southeast un(^er ie Direction of the Court, either by appointing a Receiver thereof or otherwise, as to such Court entity, the Ef shall feetn meet, until the Appearance of the Defendant or Defendants to defend such Suit, and his, her fedb sequestered or their paying such Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, as the said Court shall think reasonable, or until Dii'ession'ot'thr Order shall be made therein as the Court shall think just.

Court.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of

After first Day Eajhr Term one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, if any Defendant or Defendants, by virtue of 1732j Defend" any Writ of Habeas Corpus or other Process issuing out of any Court of Equity, shall be brought into ants brought in court, and shall refuse or neglect to enter his, her or their A ppearance according to the Rules or me to court by ha thod required by the said Court, or to appoint a Clerk in Court, or Attorney of such Court to act on reefing toentw ^js' her or their Behalf respectively, such Court may appoint a Clerk in Court or attorney of such Appearance, ' Court to enter an Appearance for such Defendant or Defendants respectively, and such Proceedings Court to enter it may thereupon be had in the Cause, as if the Party had actually appeared.

pei fons^in Cu

III. Provided always, That if any Person, against whom any Decree shall be made, upon Refusal or itodyforefufing, Neglect to enter his, her or their Appearance, or appoint a Clerk in Court, or Attorney to act on his, tobefervedwith her or their Behalf, shall be in Custody or forthcoming, so that he, she or they may be served with a Copy of such Decree, then he, she or they shall be served with a Copy thereof, before any Process shall be taken out to compel the Performance thereof.

IV. Provided also, That if any Decree shall be made inpurfuatice of this Act against any Person or Persons being out of the Realm, or abteonding in manner aforesaid, at the Time such Decree is pronounced, and such Person or Persons shall within seven Years after the making such Decree return or become publicly visible, then and in such Case he, she or they shall likewise be served with a Copy of such Decree within a reasonable Time after his, her or their Return or public Appearance shall be known to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and in case any Defendant against whom such Decree shall be made, shall within seven Years after the making such Decree, happen to die before his or her return into this Realm, or appearing openly as aforesaid, or shall within the Time last before mentioned die in Custody before his or her being served with a Copy of such Decree, then his or her Heir, if such Defendant shall have any real Estate sequestered, or whereof Possession shall have been delivered to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Heir may be found, or if such Heir shall be a Feme Covert, Infant, or Non compos mentis., the Husband, Guardian or Committee of such Heir respectively; if the personal Estate of such Defendant be sequestered, or Possession thereof delivered to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then Jiis or her Executor or Admiftistrator (if any such there be) may and shall be served with a Copy of such Decree within a reasonable Time after it sin all be known to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, that the Defendant is dead, and who is his or her Heir, Executor or Administrator, or where he, sae or they respectively may be served therewith.

If Persons served V. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons so served with a Copy of such Decree, shall not V Safi not within six Months after such Sendee appear and petition to have the said Cause reheard, such Decree so petition re made as aforesaid shall stand absolutely confirmed against the Person and Persons so served with a Copy

hearing of the thereof, his, her and their respective Heirs, Executors and Administrators', and all Persons claiming or '6 month's*the, to ch'm by, from or under him, her, them or any of them, by virtue of any Act done or to be done Decree to be ab subsequent to the Commencement of such Suit.

foiuteiy con

VI. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person, so served with a Copy of such Decree, shall within aimin'd b3r Months after such Service, or if any Person not being so served shall within seven Years next after

them!irnms y the making such Decree, appear in Court, and petition to be heard with respect to the Matter of such Defendants pe Decree, and shall pay down or give Security for Payment of such Costs as the Court shall think reason hearing^within a^e 'n that Behalf, the Person or Persons so petitioning, his, her or their respective Representatives, or 7 Years, "'any Person or Persons claiming under him, her or them respectively, by virtue of any Act done before and giving Southeast the Commencement of the Suit, may be admitted to answer the Bill exhibited, and issue may be joined, admittedto°anlan^ Witnesses on both Sides examined, and such other Proceedings, Decree and Execution may ifwer, and the be had thereon, as there might have been in case the same Party had originally appeared, and the Proceedings had then been newly begun, or as if no former Decree or Proceedings had been in the same Cause.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, against whom such Decree shall be made, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, petidontosbech ah not w'tbjn seven Years next'.after the making of such Decree, appearand petition to have the absolutely Cause reheard, and pay down or give Security for Payment of such Costs as the Court shall think rea bqrred. (finable in that behalf, such Decree made as aforesaid shall stand absolutely confirmed against the Person and Persons against whom such Decree shall be made, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and administrators, and against all Persons claiming or to claim, by, from or under him, her, them or any of them, by virtue of any act done or to be done subsequent to the Commencement of such Suit; and at the End of such seven Years it shall and may be lawful for the Court to make such further Order as Net to ffedl ah be just and reatonable, according to the Circumstances of the Case.

Persons beyond

VIII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to warrant or make the Seas, imleff good any Proceeding against any Person beyond the Seas, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of A I the Court by Affidavit or Affidavits, before the making of such Decree, that such Person had been in

Cause to be heard again.

Not appearing within 7 Years,

Affidavit he made of their

being inengland

that

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C 26, 27. q5

that Part of Great Britain called England, within two Years next before the Subpoena in such Suit issued within Years against such Person. ^oreihesub*

IX. Provided also, this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to warrant or make good Kot to extend any Proceeding against any Person'in' any Court of Equity having a limited Jurisdiction, unless it shall to Courts having' appear to the Satisfaction of such Court by Affidavit or Affidavits, before the making of such Decree, di^tuniefs* that such Person had resided within the juridiction of such Court, within one Year next before the oat'°hema<'e of Subpoena in such Suit issued against such Person. personal Residence

in such

Jurisdiction 1 Year before the Subpoena. See farther, jz Gee. 2. c. 24. 23 Geo. 2. c. 259-

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the effectual repairing the Highways between di'.njlable and Hocklijffe in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two former Acts, one of the ninth and the other of the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty qu.e.n Anne. P R. [The two as continued: for 21 Years.].

CAP. XXVII.

An act to explain, amend and render more effectual an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests,

WHEREAS in an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

[Recital of

intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, it is amongst other things 12 Geo. ic. 29.

enacted - from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which was in the Year of our Lord one ^jfpfrpj, uai u' thousand seven hundred and twenty six, no Person (hold be held to special Bail upon any Process fell. C 3.

issuing out of any superior Court, where the Cause of Action (hold not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court, where the Cause of Action should not amount to' the Sum of forty Shillings or upwards; and that in ail Cases where the Cause of Action (hold not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards in any such superior Court, or to forty Shillings or upwards in any such inferior Court (and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hold proceed by the way of Process -

the Person) he, she or they (hold not arrest or cause to be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but (hold serve him, her or them personally, within the Jurisdiction of the"

"Court, with a Copy of the Process; if such Defendant or Defendants (hold not appear at the

Return oft the Process, or within four Days after such Return, in such Case it (hold and might be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court of the personal Service of such Process as aforesaid (which said1 Affidavit (hold be filed gratis) to enter a common Appearance or file common Bail for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon,

as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance, or filed common Bail,

any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.: .: whereas the said Process' in the said AI mentioned is in a language for the most part unknown to such Defendant or Defendants: And whereas' such Defendant or Defendants are to appear at the Return of such Process, or within four Days after'

'such Return, the Shortness of which Time hath been found inconvenient in many Cases: And whereas Affidavit is to be made of the personal Service of such Process, and unnecessary Expense and'

Delay hath been occasioned for want of a sufficient Number of Persons duly authorised to take such 'affidavits: 'For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and After the End of with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present thlssel5on Pr, °* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the End of this or 40s. refjccl present Session of Parliament, in all Cases where the Cause of action shall not amount to the Sum of tivtiy, to be inten Pounds or upwards in any superior Court, qr to forty Shillings or upwards in any inferior Court, ensll, hand in the Writ, Process, Declaration and all other Proceedings shall be in the English Tongue, and written ha°t.m°n in Words at length, in a common legible Hand and Character; and the Defendant or Defendants in Defendant to such Cases (a: Copy of such Process in English having been served, as by the said Act is directed) shall^"afterr1" -8 appear at the Return thereof, or within eight Days after such Return, and the Affidavit of the Service tumof the Proof such Process shall and may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court, out of which cess. such Process shall iffae, authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, or eife before the proper Officer made^fvhebc for entering common Appearances in such Court, or his lawful Deputy; and which Affidavit is hereby service, directed to be filed gratis.

II. Provided always, That no Attorney, Bailiff or other Person, shall have, take, charge or demand

more than five Shillings, for the making and serving a Copy of such Process issuing out of any superior of pro^'r/mjn court, or more than one Shilling for the making and serving a copy of such Process, issuing out of any perior.and is.in inferior Court, on such Defendant or Defendants respectively as aforesaid. inferior Courts.

III. Provided nevertheless, That in particular Franchises; and Jurisdictions the proper Officer there shall processir>parti

execute such Process. cufarfranehuw,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Copy of such Process, to be served upon any Defendant, shall be written in like manner an English Notice to such Defendant of the Intent and Meaning of such Service to the Effect following, videlicet, .'

8

A.B. you

96 C 28. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

Form Of Enpiifli A B. you are served with this Process, to the Intent that you may by your Attorney appear in his Majesty's Defendant^£*' Court of at the Return thereof, being the Day

of _ _ (as the Case shall happen to be) in order to your Defence in this Action; and

without Fee. fr which said English Notice no See or Reward shall be demanded or taken.

£ V And whereas great and unnecessary Expenses have been occasioned in small and trifling Suits, ' by the suing forth of special Writs; 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. After the End That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, where the Cause of Action shall o f 'cciat Writs not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards in any superior Court, or to forty Shillings or may betflued^n upwards in any inferior Court, no special Writ or Writs, nor any Process specially therein expressing (mailer Suits, the Cause or Causes of Action, shall be sued forth or issued from any such superior or inferior Court respectively, in order to compel any Person or Persons to appear thereon in such Court or Courts: And all Proceedings and Judgments, that shall, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, be had on any such Writ or Process, shall be, and is hereby declared to be void and of none

Effect; and every Attorney or Officer of such Court or Courts, suing forth or issuing any such Penalty on i(tu Writ or Process, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, who ing such special shall and may recover the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's coils5of°suit. Courts of Record at westninfer, together with full Costs of Suit, in which no Efibin, Protection or Wager of Law, shall be allowed or any more than one Imparlance.

VI. And whereas the said Act hath been found by Experience to be useful and beneficial, 'Be it These acts to therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act (except wherein the same is by this pre v°earsfent Act explained and amended) shall be and is hereby continued, and shall, together with this present Mad perpetual Act, be and remain in full force from the End of this present Session of Parliament, for and during 21 Geo. 2. c. 3. the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no sabgu.z. C 14, longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery.

Ca. 2. £ 7. C. 1

WHEREAS the Trade to Greenland, the Greenland Seas, and davis's Straights, in the filling 4 S TV. M. ' y, for Whales, Seals and other Creatures caught there, is a very beneficial Trade to this king io II W. 3. ' dom, not only in employing great Numbers of Seamen and Ships, and consuming great Quantities of r. 25. § i7. C Provisions, but also in bringing into this Nation great Quantities of Sins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, logni1 c"lp'* anc Skins, and other Produce of Seals and other Creatures; and whereas the permitting the im-12 Gtq. n C 26'. C portation of such Sins, Oil, or Blubber, or other Produce whatsoever of Whales, Seals, and other §7. C Creatures caught by his said majesty's Subjects in the said Seas, Straights, or in any other Parts of the

C Seas adjoining thereunto, without paying any Duty for the same for a competent Time, may greatly contribute to the Encouragement and support of the said Trade; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. After Dec. 25 and by the Authority of the same., That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, for vf°whale aru' during the Space of nine Years, to be computed frcln the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou o/ss Skins, 6 sand seven hundred and thirty-one, to import Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Sea Oil, Seal ac. may be im skins., or any other produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the said greenland ere^niand^ C ^eas or davis's Straights, or in any other Parts of the Sens adjoining or adjacent thereunto, in British Cuiioni tree by Ships, whereof the Captain or Mailer, and one third Part at the least of the Mariners are British sub eritish Subjects, jedls, without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or other Duty for the same, during the said Term of nine Years, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

H. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give r.noaih of the liberty of importing any of the before mentioned Commodities Duty free, unless the Captain, Mailer Waiter of the' or other commanding Officer of the Ship or Vessel importing the same shall first make Oath before some Vessel before the or one of the Commissioners or principal Officer of the Cuiloms in the Port or Ports of Importation the6cu(tomss f (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) that all the Whaie Sins, that such Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Qil, Seal Skins, or other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Crea whaies, C tures, imported in such Ship or Vessel was really and bona fide the Sins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, or there by such t^le Skins, Oil, or other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures caught and taken in the said green ships. land Seas, Davis's Straights, or other Parts of the Seas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, by the Crew

Continued by^f such Ships and Vessels only, whereof the Captain or Mailer, and one third Part at least of the Mariners were British Subjects.

2 s Geo. 2. c. 20, See farther 6 Geo. 2. c. 33. 13 Geo. 2. c. 28. §5.

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II.

C 29, 30

97

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the reviving an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commisswns.

WHEREAS the Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 5 e i.

the First, intituled An act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indics, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions, which was to continue in Force for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the ninth Year of his laid late9ce° n e6 Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscription for an East-india Company in the Austrian Netherlands, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies, was further continued for seven Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and is lately expiredmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first herein before mentioned Act shall be and is hereby revived, and shall be in full Force from the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two for and during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Act; Geo. 1. continued from 1 May 1732 for 7 Years, C Continued by 20 Geo. 2. c. 47.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS Commissions of Bankrupt have been illiied against several Persons not long before

and since the Expiration of the Statute made in the fifth Year of his late majesty's Reign, inti 5 Geo 1. C 24.

tuled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, and such Persons have been de For firmer Laws clared Bankrupts by the Commissioners by such Commissions authorised, and yet several of such emarmng Baak Bankrupts, by reason of the Expiration of the said Statute, have not only refused to surrender them rffjf 35 4 selves to the Commissioners, and to discover and deliver up their Estate and Effects to the said Commit 13 Eld. I. 7.

sioners for the Benefit of their Creditors, but have carried away and concealed the same in such Manner, 1 Jac c. 5that the said Commissioners have not been able to seize the same, to the manifest Wrong and In 2!'

jury of their Creditors, and to the great Discouragement of Trade: And whereas many evil minded ft24.

Persons have, since the Expiration of the said Statute, bought and taken upon Trust and Credit, D C T ' diverse great Quantities of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and have thereby, and by their extrava 7 Ge°' L 4'

gant Manner of living and otherwise, contrasted great Debts, and having gotten such Goods and Ef 4 teds into their Custody, have sold or pawned the same for less than the Value thereof, and thereby raised ready Money, and have withdrawn themselves from their usual Places of Abode, with their effects, into secret Places, in order to oblige their Creditors to accept of such Composition for their respective Debts,

4 as such evil minded Persons think fit to offer, or have carried away their Effects beyond the Seas,

whereby their Creditors have been totally deprived of their Debts: And whereas many Persons have and do daily become Bankrupts, not so much by reason of Loftes and unavoidable Misfortunes, as to the Intent to oblige their Creditors to accept such their unjust Prefers and Composition, and to defraud and hinder their Creditors of their just debtstherefore to remedy the said Abuses, and to supply the Defects and Inconveniences of former Laws relating to Bankrupts, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Bankrupts since Persons, who since the fourteenth Day of May which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven 14 May hundred and twenty-nine, hath or have become Bankrupt, or who shall at any Time hereafter during f offences agawfi the Continuance of this Act become Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of the fevetal Statutes made and now in Force concerning Bankrupts., or any of them, and against whom a Commission of jlerf?p°frdfn. Bankrupt under the Great Seal of Great Britain hath, since the said fourteenth Day of May which Get. z. C 52.) was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven bundled and twenty-nine, been awarded and illiied our, or shall at any Time hereafter be awarded and issued out, whereupon the Person or Persons against whom such Commission hath issued or shall issue, have or hath been or shall be declared Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall not within forty-two Days after Notice thereof in Writing, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or personal Notice, in case such Person or Persons be then in Prison, and Notice given in the London Gazette, that such Commission or Commissions is, are or have been issued, and of 'die Time and Place of a Meeting of the Commissioners therein named, or the major Part of them, surrender him, her or themselves to the said Commissioners named in the said Commission, or not run endrin'g the major Part of them, and signor subscribe such Surrender, and submit to be examined from Time within 42 Day to Time upon Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, upon the solemn Affirmation by Law ot, 4e'

Vol. VI O appointed

98 C 30.

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

conforming to the Statutes,

appointed for such People, by and before such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by such commission authorised, and in all Things conform to the several Statutes already made and now in Force concerning Bankrupts; and also upon such his, her or their Examination fully and truly disclose and discover all his, her or their Effects and Estate real and personal, and how and in what Manner, to whom and upon what Consideration, and at yyhat Time or Times he, she or they have or hath disposed of, assigned or transferred any of his, her or their Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Moneys or other Estate and Effects (and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto) of which he, she or they was or were possessed, or in or to which he, she or they was or were any ways interested or entitled, or which, any Person or Persons had, or hath or have had in Trull; for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, at any Time before or after the Miring of the said Commission, or whereby such Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family or Families, hath or have, or may have or expefl any Profit, possibility of Profit, Benefit or Advantage whatsoever, except only such Part of his, her, or their Estate and Effects, as shall have been really and bona fide before sold or disposed of in the way of his, her or their Trade and Dealings; and except such Sums of Money as shall have been laid out in the ordinary expence of his, her or their Family or Families; and also upon such Examination deliver up unto the said Commissioners by the said Commission authorised, or the major Part of them, all such Part of his, her or their the said Bankrupts Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Money, Estate and Eflecfts, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, as at the Time of such Examination shall be in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power (his, her or their necessary Wearing Apparel and the necessary Wearing apparel of the Wife and Children of such Bankrupt only excepted) then he, she or they the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in case of any Default and wilful Omission in not surrendring and submitting to Goods to thea exa('n'nccl as aforesaid, or in case he, she or they shall remove, conceal or embezzle any Part of

lue of sol. guilty such his, her or their Estate real or personal, to the Value of twenty Pounds, or any Books of Ac

ot Felony. count, Papers or Writings relating thereto, with an Intent to defraud his, her or their cred.tors (and being thereof lawfully convicted by Judgement or Information) shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as Felons without Benefit of Clergy, or the benefit of any Statute

Goods of Bank made in relation to Felons; and in such Cases such felon's Goods and Estate shall go and be di

rupts condem vided among the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission; any Law, Usage or Custom to the Credkofs contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, au

initttion of sit ".thorized as aforesaid, shall appoint within the said forty-two Days so appointed as aforesaid for the bank tings. rupt to fumender and conform as aforesaid, not less than three several Meetings for the Purposes aforesaid,

the last of which shall be on the forty second Day hereby limited for such bankrupt's Appearance; except on Commissions already issued since the said fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, where the Person or Persons against whom such Commission issued has or have before surrendered and submitted to be examined; in which Case' the said Commissioners authorised as aforesaid, shall appoint only one Sitting more for the Purposes aforesaid, unless the Assignee or af signees of the Estate of such Bankrupt shall think more Sittings necessary, and desire the same, and three_weeks Notice at least shall be given in the London Gazette of the Time and Place of such Meetings.

lord Chancellor

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and er.afied by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall may enlarge the and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of dring. r urren" the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, to enlarge the Time for such Person or Persons lur rendrin°; him, her or themselves, and disclosing and discovering his, her or their Estate and Efrefls as aforesaid, as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or such Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding fifty Days, to be computed from the End of the said forty-two Days, so as such Order for enlarging the Time be made by the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or such Commissioners six Days at least before the Time on which such Person or Persons was or were so to surrender him, her or themselves, and.' make such Discovery as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as

iciui aforesaid, after any Assignee or Assignees of his, her or their Estate and Effects shall be chosen and ap

lignees on Oath, pointed, as herein after mentioned, shall be and is and are hereby required forthwith to deliver up upon

Oath, or (one of the People called Quakers) upon solemn Affirmation before one of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery, or before any Justice of the Peace within his respective Jurisdiction, which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby empowered to administer, unto such Assignee or Assignees all his, her or their Books of Accounts, Papers and Writings not seized by the Messenger of the said Commission, or not before delivered up to the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and then in his, her or their Custody or Power, and discover such as are in the Custody or Power of any other Person or Persons, that Bankrupt to at anyways relate to or concern his, her, or their Estate or Effects; and all and every such Bankrupt or tend Assignees, Bankrupts, not in Prison or Custody, shall at all Times after such Surrender as aforesaid be at Liberty, and is and are hereby required to attend such Assignee or Assignees upon every reasonable Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by such Assignee or Assignees unto such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or left for him, her or them at his, her or their House or Place of Abode, in order to afllft, and shall such Assignee or Assignees in making out the Accounts of the said bankrupt's Estate and Effects.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Bankrupt or Bankrupts having surrendered as aforesaid shall, at all seasonable Times before the Expiration of the said forty-two Days, or such further Time as shall be allowed to such Bankrupts to finish his, her or their Examination,

inspect Ache at Liberty to in ip eft his, her or their Books, Papers and Writings, in the Presence of such Assignee or

counts, _ Assignees,

Books of account to be delivered to the Af

99

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30.

Assignees, or some Person to be appointed by such Assignee or Assignees for that Purpose, and to take and bring with him, her or them, for his, her or their Assistance, such Persons as he, she or they shall think fit, not exceeding two Persons at any one Time, and to make out such Extracts and Copies from thence, as he, she or they shall think fit, the better to enable him, her and them to make a full and true Discovery and Disclosure of his, her or their Estate and Effects; and in order thereto the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be free from ail Arrests, Restraint or Imprisonment of any of his, her or their Credi and be fwrw.i tors in coming to surrender, and from the actual Surrender of such Bankrupt to the said Commissioners, Restrainuiunn^ for and during the _said forty-two Days, or such further Time as shall be allowed to such Bankrupt or por^c'uiiod/ Bankrupts, for fi lishing his, her or their Examinations as aforesaid, provided such Bankrupt was not in before.

Custody at the Time of such Surrender and Submission to be examined; and in case fuclt Bankrupt shall be arrested for Debt, or on any Escape Warrant, coming to surrender hint or herself to the said Commissioners,

or after his or her Surrender shall be so arrested within the Time before mentioned, that then,

on producing such Summons or Notice under the Hands of the said Commissioners, Assignee or Assignees,

to the Officer who lltall arrest him, her or them, and making it appear to such Officer, that

fuclt Notice or Summons is signed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or such

Assignee or Assignees, and giving such Officer a Copy thereof, shall be immediately discharged. And in Penalty on 01t1-

case any Officer lltall detain such Bankrupt or Bankrupts (after lie, 'she or they shall have shown such cer detuning

Notice or Summons to him, and made it appear it was signed as aforesaid) in his Custody, such Officer eankrupts

shall forfeit and pay to such Bankrupt, for his own Use, the Sum of five Pounds for every Day such

Officer shall detain such Bankrupt, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts

of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, with full Costs of

Suit.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Bankrupt be in Prison or in Custody Bankrupts in at the Time of bluing of the said Commission as aforesaid, and is willing to surrender and fubniit to be Custody to be examined according to the Directions of this Act, and can lie brought before the said Commissioners and commissioners Creditors for that Purpose, the Expense thereof shall be paid out of the said bankrupt's Estate and Ef at the Creditors fedts: But in case such Bankrupt is in Execution, or cannot be brought before the Commissioners, that ej!pe"ce j. then the adfing Commissioners shall from Time to Time attend the said Bankrupt in Prison or Custody, commissioners0' and take his or her Discovery, as in other Cases; and the Assignees of the said Estate shall have Power, to attend them and are hereby required to appoint one or more Persons to attend such Bankrupt, being in Prison ormprison in Custody as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and to produce to him or her, his or her Books, Papers and Writings, in order to prepare his or her last Discovery and Examination according to the Directions before mentioned; a Copy whereof the Assignees of the said Estate shall apply for, and the said Bankrupt shall deliver to them or their Order, ten Days at leaf! before such last Examination.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons ^'l0fty'3nce to so become or to become Bankrupts as aforesaid, who shall within the Time limited by this Act, surrender Ban rupt5' hint, her or themselves to the acting Commissioners named and authorised in or by any Commission of Bankrupt awarded or to be awarded against him, her or them, and in all Things conform, as in and by this Act is directed, shall be allowed the Sum of five Pounds per Centum out of the neat Produce of all the Estate that shall be recovered in and received; which shall be paid unto him, her or them by the Assignee or Assignees of the said Commissioners, in case the neat Produce of the said Estate, after such Allowance made, shall be sufficient to pay the Creditors of the said Bankrupt, who have proved their Debts under the said Commission, the Sum of ten Shillings in the Pound, and so as the said five Pounds per Centum shall not amount in the whole to above the Sum of two hundred Pounds. And in case the neat Produce of the said Estate shall, over and above the Allowance hereafter mentioned, be sufficient to pay the said Creditors the Sum of twelve Shillings and sixpence in the Pound for their respective Debts, that then ail and every Person or Persons so conforming shall be allowed the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings per Centum out of such neat Produce, to be paid by such Assignee or Assignees, so as such seven Pounds ten Shillings per Centum shall not amount in the whole to above the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds. And in case the neat Produce of the said Estate shall, over and above the Allowance hereafter made, be sufficient to pay the said Creditors the Sum of fifteen Shillings in the Pound for their respective Debts, that then all and every such Person and Persons so conforming shall be allowed the Sum of ten Pounds per Centum out of such neat Produce, to be paid by the Assignee or Assignees, so as fu: h ten Pounds per Centum shall not amount in the whole to above the Sum of three hundred Pounds; and every such Bankrupt shall be discharged from all Debts by him, her or them due rr owing at the b|an]^ru.r>y?e a time that he, she or they did become Bankrupt. And in case any such Bankrupt shall afterwards be Detn^ ariefted, prosecuted or impleaded for any Debt due before such Time as he, she or they became Bankrupt, such Bankrupt shall be discharged upon common Bail, and shall and may plead in general, that the Cause of such Action or Suit did accrue before such Time as he, she or they became Bankrupts, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and the Certificate of such bankrupt's conforming, and the Allowance thereof according to the Directions of this Act, shall be and shall be allowed to be sufficient Evidence of the Trading, Bankruptcy, Commission and other. Proceedings precedent to the obtaining such Certificate, and a Verdict shall thereupon pass for the Defendant, unless the Plaintiff in such Action can prove the said Certificate was obtained unfairly and by Fraud, or unless the Plaintiff in such Addon can make appear any Concealment by such Bankrupt to the Value often Pounds; and if a Verdict pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become nonfiiited, or Judgement be given. againfhhe Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs. Al

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid J That if lo.vance II the the neat Proceed of such bankrupt's Estate so to be discovered, recovered and received, together with pro

2'wita; Pound.

loo C 30. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

what shall be otherwise recovered and received, shall not amount to so much as will pay all and every the Creditors of such Bankrupt, who shall have proved their Debts under the said Commission, the Sum of ten Shillings in the Pound for their respective Debts, after all Charges first had and deduced, that then and in such Case such Bankrupt shall not be allowed the Sum of five Pounds per Centum out of such Estate, as shall be so recovered in; but shall be allowed and paid by the Assignees so much Money, as the said Assignees and Commissioners authorised as aforesaid shall think fit to allow to such Bankrupt, not exceeding three Pounds per Centum.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, in case any Commission of Bankruptcy shall issue against any Person or Persons, who after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two shall have been discharged by virtue of this Act, or shall have compounded with his, her or their Creditors, or delivered to them his, her or their Estate or effects, and been released by them, or been discharged by any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors after the time aforesaid, that then and in either of tlrofe Cases the Body and Bodies only of such Person and Per in what Cases fens conforming as aforesaid shall be free from Arrest and Imprisonment by virtue of this Act; but the Bankrupts Bill future Estate and Effects of every such Person and Persons shall remain liable to his, her or their Creditors, liable tocredi as before the making of this Act (the Tools of Trade, the necessary Household Goods and Furniture, and t014- necessary Wearing Apparel of such Bankrupt and his Wife and Children only excepted) unless the

Estate of such Person or Persons, against: whom such Commission shall be awarded, shall produce clear after all Charges, sufficient to pay every Creditor under the said Commission, fifteen Shillings in the Pound for their respective Debts.

On what Condi

X. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Discovery upon Oath or to be signed.31* ftftemn Affirmation to be made by any Bankrupt or Bankrupts of his, her or their Estate and Effects pursuant to this Act, shall entitle such Bankrupt or Bankrupts to the Benefits allowed by this Act, unless the Commissioners authorised by such Commission, or the major Part of them, shall in Writing; under their Hands and Seals certify to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, that such Bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have made a full Discovery of his or her Estate and Effects, and in all Things conformed himself, herself or themselves according to the Directions of this Act, and that there doth not appear to them any Reason to doubt of the Truth of such Discovery, or that the same is not a full Discovery of all such bankrupt's Estate and Effects; unless four Parts in five in Number and Value of the Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, who shall be Creditors for not less than twenty Pounds respectively, and who shall have duly proved their Debts under such Commission, or some other Person. by them respectively duly authorised thereunto, shall sign such Certificate, and testify their Consent to such Allowance and Certificate, and to the said bankrupt's Discharge in pursuance of this Act, to be also certified by such Commissioners; but the said Commissioners shall not certify tyre same, till they (half have Proof by Affidavit or Affirmation in Writing of such Creditors, or of the Person by them respectively authorised for that Purpose, signing the said Certificate, and of the Power and Authority by which any Person shall be authorised by any Creditor to sign such Certificate for any Creditor; which Affidavit or Affirmation, together with such Warrant or Authority to sign, shall be laid before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, with the said Certificate, in order for the allowing and confirming the same; and unless such Bankrupt make Oath, or being of the People called Quafors, solemnly affirm in Writing, That such Certificate and Consent of the Creditors thereunto were obtained fairly and without Fraud; and unless such Certificate shall, after such Oath or Affirmation of the Bankrupt, be allowed and confirmed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or by such two of the justices of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Barons of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, to whom the Consideration of such Certificate shall be referred by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being; and any of the Creditors of such Bankrupt are allowed to be heard, if they shall think fit, before the respective Persons aforesaid, against the making such Certificate, and against: the Confirmation thereof; nor shall any Commissioner sign such Certificate, till after four Parts in five in Number and Value of the said Creditors shall have signed the same as aforesaid.

Contrasts to in

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bond, Bill, Note, Contract, agree ducecreditoir to mentor other Security whatsoever, to be made or given by any Bankrupt, or by any other Person, unto void, rtl lcates' or to the Use of or in Trust for any Creditor or Creditors, or for the Security of the Payment of any Debt or Sum of Money due from such Bankrupt at the Time of his becoming Bankrupt, or any Part thereof, between the Time of his becoming Bankrupt and such bankrupt's Discharge, as a consideration, or to the Intent to persuade him, her or them to consent to or sign any such Allowance or Certificate, shall be wholly void and of no Efiedt; and the Moneys thereby secured. or agreed to be paid shall not be recovered or recoverable; and the Party sued on such Bond, Bill, Note, Contract or Agreement shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; anything herein contained, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons except

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall ntfits of this act. ke construed to extend, or give or grant any Privilege, Benefit or Advantage, to any Bankrupt whatsoever, against whom a Commission of Bankrupt under the Great Seal of Great Britain, since the said fourteenth Day of May which wras in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, hath issued, or hereafter shall issue, who hath or shall, for or upon Marriage of any of his or her Children, have given, advanced or paid above the Vaiue of one hundred Pounds, unless lie or fne shall -

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30. joi

prove, or by his or her Books fairly kept, or otherwise upon his or her Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, upon solemn Affirmation, before the major Part of the Commissioners in such commission named and authorised, that he or she had at the Time thereof, over and above the Value so given, advanced or paid, remaining in Goods, Wares, Debts, ready Money, or other Estate Real or Personal, sufficient to pay and satisfy unto each and every Person, to whom he or she was any ways indebted, their full and entire Debts; or who hath or shall have lost in any one Day the Sum or Value of five Pounds, or in the whole the Sum or Value of one hundred Pounds within the Space of twelve Months next preceding his, her or their becoming Bankrupt, in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards, Shovelboard, or in or by cockfighting, horse races, dog malches or foot races, or other Pastimes, Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do or shall play, act, ride or run as aforesaid, or that within one Year before he or she became Bankrupt, shall have lost the Sum of one hundred Pounds, by one or more Contracts for the Purchase, Sale, Refusal or Delivery of any Stock of any Company or Corporation whatsoever, or any Parts or Shares of any Government orpublick Fund's or Securities, where every such Contradf was not to be performed within one Week from the Time of the making such Contract, or where the Stock or other Thing so bought or sold was not actually transferred or delivered in Pursuance of such Contraff.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bankrupt who shall have ob Bankrupt, im tained his or her Certificate from the acting Commissioners, and such Certificate shall have been allowed pufcned after and confirmed as by this Act is directed, shall be taken in Execution, or detained in Prison - Ac ij, wed, C how t o count of any Debts due or owing before he or she became Bankrupt, by reason that Judgement was ob be disc harsed. tained before such Certificate was allowed and confirmed, it shall and may be lawful for any one or

more of the Judges of the Court, wherein Judgement has been so obtained against such Bankrupt, on such bankrupt's producing his or her Certificate allowed and confirmed, to order any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Bailiff or Officer, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, who hath or shall have any such Bankrupt in his Custody, by Virtue of any such Execution, to discharge such Bankrupt out of Custody on such Execution without Payment of any Fee or Reward; and such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Bailiff or Officer, Gaoler or Keeper is and are hereby required to discharge such Bankrupt out of Custody accordingly, and is and are hereby indemnified from any Action for an Escape for his or their so doing.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Certificate made under the Judges or Tu hands and Seals of the Commissioners by such Commission authorised, or to be authorised, or the watrants^o"^major Part of them, that such Commission is issued - such Person or Persons proved before them to prehend bank become Bankrupt or Bankrupts, it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any of the Justices of his rupts notcoa majesty's Courts of King's Bench, or Common Pleas, or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and to fcrmins'

and for all and every the justices of the Peace within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application to them for that Purpose made, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals for the taking and apprehending such Person or Persons, and him, her or them to commit to the common Gaol of the County where he, she or they shall be so apprehended and taken, there to remain until he, she or they be removed by Order of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by "Warrant under their Hands and Seals; and the Gaoler or Gaolers to give Keeper, to whose Custody such Person or Persons shall be committed, is hereby required to take and Notice to coni receive lush Person or Persons into his Custody, and forthwith to give Notice to -- one or more of the said m' i0nsr!, '" Commissioners in the said Commission named, of such Person or Persons being in his or their Custody, to the Intent the said Commissioners may send their Warrant to such Gaoler or Keeper (which they are hereby empowered and required forthwith to send) for the delivering such Bankrupt or Bankrupts to the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, who shall be thereby authorised to convey and bring such Person or Persons to the said Commissioners, in order to such Examination and Discovery as aforesaid; the said Commissioners are hereby likewise authorised and empowered by such their Warrant, or any other Warrant, to take and seize any of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and effecsts of such.

Bankrupt or Bankrupts (the necessary wearing Apparel of such Bankrupt, or of his Wife or Children only excepted) and any of his, her or their Books, Papers or Writings, which shall be then in the Goods or Books Custody or Possession of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or of any aether Person or Persons, in any Prison p, k1[fzedin' or Prisons whatsoever; Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such Person or Persons so apprehended and taken, shall within the Time or Times allowed by this Act for that Purpose, submit to be examine.!, and in all Things conform, as if he, she or they had surrendered, as by this Act such Bankrupt or Bankrupts is cr are required, that then such Person so submitting and conforming Bankrupts so shall have and receive the Benefit of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he, she or they had apprehended on voluntarily come in and surrendered himself, herself or themselves; anything herein contained to the to

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. sit ovthe at.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to examine as well by Word of Mouth; as on interrogatories in Writing, all and every Person and Pei suns, against whom any Commission of Bankrupt is or shall be awarded, touching all Matters relating to the Trade, Dealings, Estate and effetsfs of all and every such Bankrupt and Bankrupts, and also to examine in the Manner aforesaid all and every other Person duly summoned before, or present at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, touching all Matters relating to the Person, Trade, Dealings, Estate and Effects

102

C 30.

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

Persons not in fwering interrogatories of commissioners, to be imprisoned.

ro be particularly specified in the Warrant.

If Habeas Corpus be brought 00 such Commitment,

the Judge may recommit the Prisoner.

of all and every such Bankrupt and Bankrupts, and any Act or Acts of Bankruptcy committed by him, her or them, and all'o to take down or reduce into Writing the Answers of Verbal Examinations of every such Bankrupt or other Person, had or taken before them as aforesaid; Examination lb taken down or reduced into Writing, the Party examined shall and is hereby required to sign and subscribe: And in case any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or other Person or Persons, shall refuse to answer, or, shall not fully answer to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, all lawful. Questions 'put to him, her or them, by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, as well by Word of Mouth, as by Interrogatories in Writing, or shall refuse to sign and subscribe his, her or their Examination so taken down or reduced into Writing as aforesaid (not having a reasonable Objection either to the wording thereof or otherwise, to be allowed by the said Commissioners) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit him, her or them to such Prison, as' the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as such Person or Persons shall submit him, her or themselves to the said Commissioners, and full Answer make to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners to all such Questions as shall be put to him, her or them as aforesaid, and sign and subscribe such Examination as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACE

XVII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall be committed by the said Commissioners for refusing to answer, or not fully answering any Question or Questions put to him, her or them, by the said Commissioners by Word of Mouth, or on Interrogatories, that the said Commissioners shall, in their Warrant of Commitment, Ipecify such Question or Questions.

XVIII. Provided also, That in case any Person or Persons committed by the Commissioners 'Warrant, by Virtue of this or any other acts now in Force concerning Bankrupts, shall bring any Habeas Corpus in order to be discharged from any such Commitment, and on the Return of any such Habeas Corpus, there shall appear any such Insufficiency whatsoever in the Form of the Warrant, whereby such Person was committed, by reason whereof the Party might be discharged of such Commitment; that then it shall and may be lawful for the Court or Judge, before whom such Party shall be so brought by Habeas Corpus as aforesaid, and such Court or Judge shall, and is hereby required, by Rule, Order or Warrant, to commit such Person or Persons to the same Prison, there to remain as aforesaid, until he, she or they shall conform as aforesaid, unless it shall be made appear to such Court or Judge by the party committed, that he, she or they have fully answered all lawful Questions put to him, her or them by the said Commissioners; or in case such Person was committed for not signing his, her or their Examination, unless it shall appear to such Court or Judge, that the Party so committed, had a good and suffi- -- for refusing to sign the same: And in case any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, to whom any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Person or Persons shall be so committed as aforesaid, shall wilfully suffer such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Person or Persons, to escape from such Prison, or to go without the Walls or Doors of the said Prison, until he, she or they shall be duly discharged as aforesaid, such Gaoler or Keeper shall for such his Offence, being duly convicted by Indictment or Information, forfeit five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for the Use of the Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison as aforesaid, shall upon request of any Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt, and having proved his, her or their Debt, under the said Commission, and producing a Certificate thereof under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, (which such Commissioners are hereby required to give gratis) forthwith produce and shew such Person or Persons so committed as aforesaid to any such Creditor or Creditors requesting the same: And in case such Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison shall refuse to show, or shall not forthwith produce such Person or Persons so committed as aforesaid, and being in his abrual Custody at the Time of such Request:, to such Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt, requesting to foe such Person or Persons committed as aforesaid, such Gaoler and Keeper of such Prison shall forfeit for such his wilful Refusal or Neglect the Sum of one hundred Pounds ot lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Use of the Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name or Names of the Creditor or Creditors requesting such Sight of such Prisoner.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons,

who shall at any Time after the Time allowed to such Bankrupt ho surrender and conform as aforesaid, voluntarily come and make Discovery of any Part of such bankrupt's Estate not before come to the Knowledge of the Assignees, either to tile said Assignees, or to the said Commissioners authorised as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall be allowed five Pounds per Centum, and such further and other Reward, as the Assignees and the major Parr of the Creditors in Value present at any Meeting of the Credi ors shall think fit, to be paid out of the neat Proceed of such bankrupt's Estate, which shall be recovered on such Discovery, which shall be paid to the Person or Persons so discovering the same, by the Assignee or Assignees of such bankrupt's Estate, and the Assignee or Assignees shall be allowed the same in their Accounts.

XXI. And for the better Discovery of the Estate of a Bankrupt, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and

in Trull, shall wilfully conceal or protebt any Eftaie, real or personal, of any Person or Persons becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, from his, her or their Creditors, and shall not within forty-two Days next after such' Commission shall issue. forth, and Notice thereof be given in ihe London Gazette, discover and disclose such Trust and Estate in Writing to one or more of the Commissioners or Assignees of such Bankrupt 4. or

Penalty on Gaoler for Escape 5001.

Penalty on Gaoler refusing to produce his Prisoner.

Allowance ro Persons making Discovery of Bankrupts Estate.

penalty on Per

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30. 103

or Bankrupts Estate, and likewise submit him or herself to be examined by the Commissioners, in and by the said Commission authorised, or the major Part of them, if thereunto required, and truly discover the same, shall forfeit the Suin of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and double the Value of the Estate either Real or Personal so concealed, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Creditors, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Assignee or Assignees of the said Commissioners, in which Case full Costs shall be allowed to either Party.

XXII. And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled An 7cco. i. C 31.

Act for the explaining and making more effectual the several Acts concerning Bankrupts, Persons taking Bills,

Bonds, Promissory Notes, or other personal Security for their Money payable at a future Day, are enabled to prove their Debts under a Commission of Bankruptcy, but not to petition for or join in petitioning for any new Commission, which having been found to be inconvenientnow it is hereby Persons having enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act as disables any such Person from Bonds or Notes petitioning for or joining in any Petition for a Commission against: any Person or Persons who have be commissions.oj fore committed any Act of Bankruptcy, is hereby repealed: And it shall and may be lawful hereafter for such Person to petition for or join in petitioning for any such Commission of Bankruptcy; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And for preventing the taking out Commissions of Bankrupts maliciously. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commission of Bankrupt under the Great Seal of Great Britain shall, condttlons of after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, be awarded and issued granting Com. out against: any Person whatsoever, upon the Petition of one or more Creditors, unless the Angle Debt millions, of the Creditor, or of two or more Persons being Partners petitioning for the same, do amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of two Creditors, so petitioning as aforesaid, shall amount to one hundred and fifty Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of three or more Creditors, so petitioning as aforesaid, shall amount to two hundred Pounds or upwards, and the Creditor or Creditors petitioning for such Commission shall, before the same shall be granted, make an affidavit, or (being one of the People called Quakers) make a solemn Affirmation in Writing before one of the Mailers of the High Court of Chancery (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby empowered to adntinifter, and which shall be filed with the proper Officer) of the Truth and Reality of such his, her and their respective Debt and Debts, likewise give Bond to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, in the Penalty of two hundred Pounds, to be: conditioned for proving his, her or their Debts, as well before the Commissioners named in such commission as upon a Trial at Law, in case the due bluing forth of the same shall be contested and tried, and also for proving the Party a Bankrupt at the Time of taking out such Commission, and further to proceed on such Commission as herein after is mentioned; and if such Debt or Debts shall not be really due or owing, or if after such Commission taken out it cannot be proved that the Party, was a Bankrupt at the Time of the issuing of the said Commission, but on the contrary it shall appear that such Commission was taken out fraudulently or maliciously, that then the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper 01 Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, shall and may, upon Petition of the Party or Parties grieved, examine into the same, and order Satisfaction to be made to him, her or them for the Damages by him, her or them sustained; for the better Recovery thereof may, in case there be Occasion, assign such Bond or Bonds to the Party or Parties so petitioning, who may sue for the same in his, her and their Name and Names; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas Commissions of Bankrupts are frequently taken out by Persons who by Means of such Commissions (on a Composition proposed by the Bankrupts) and on Promise not to execute the same, prevail with and extort from the Bankrupts their whole Debts, or much greater Part thereof than such Bankrupts pay to their Creditors, or otherwise get from such Bankrupts Goods or other real or personal Security, which is contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made concerning Bankrupts, which said Statutes intend, that all such Bankrupts Creditors shall be on am equal Foot, and not one preferred before another, or paid more than another in Respect of his or',

her debt be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bankrupt or Bankrupts Commissions shall, after issuing of any Commission against: him, her or them, pay to the Person or Persons who sued fraudulently eh out the same, or otherwise give or deliver to such Person or Persons Goods or any other Satisfaction or 1 belu" Security for his, her or their Debt, whereby such Person or Persons filing' out such Commission shall p privately have and receive more in the Pound in respect of his, her or their Debt ihn the other Creditors, such Payment of Money, Delivery of Goods, or giving greater or other Security or Satisfaction, shall be deemed and taken to be such an Act of Bankruptcy, whereby on good Proof thereof such commission shall and may be superseded: it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or and another Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, to award to any granted. Creditor or Creditors petitioning another Commission; and such Person or Persons so' taking or receiving such Goods or other Satisfaction as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose as well his, her or their penalty. whole Debt, as the whole he, she or they shall have taken or received, and shall pay back and deliver up the same or the full Value thereof, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners acting under such new Commission shall appoint, in Trust for and to be divided amongst the other of the bankrupt's Creditors in Proportion to their respective Debts.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Creditor or Creditors who shall The Charge of petition for and obtain any Commission of Bankrupt, shall be and is and are hereby obliged, at his, Commissions to her or their own Costs and Expenses, to sue forth and prosecute the fanie, until an Assignee or Assignees assignees!u1s

104 C 30.

Anno quint 0 Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

Creditors may prove Debts without paying Contribution.

Notice of Meeting to be given in the Gazette.

Debts how to be proved.

Choice of Assignees.

What Persons rot qualified to phoofe.

Mutual Credit to be settled.

Penalty on Debts faifly claimed.

Commissioners may appoint Assignees.

shall be chosen of such bankrupt's Estate and Effects; the Commissioners to be named in any such Commission shall, at the same Meeting which shall be appointed for the Choice of the Assignees, ascertain such Coils, and by Writing under their Hands shall direct and order the assignee or Assignees of such bankrupt's Estate, who is and are hereby required to pay and reimburse such petitioning Creditor or Creditors such his, her or their Coils and Charges as aforesaid, out of the first Moneys or Effects of the said Bankrupt that shall be got in and received under the said Commission; and every Creditor of the said Bankrupt shall be at Liberty to prove his, her or their Debt or Debts under the said Commission, without paying any Contribution or Sum of Money whatsoever for or on Account of such Debt or Debts; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Commission of Bankrupt shall issue out from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, the Commissioners therein named, or the major Fart of them thereby authorised, shall forthwith, after they have declared the Person or Persons against whom such Commission shall issue a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, cause Notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette., and shall appoint a Time and Place for the Creditors to meet, which Meeting for the City of London and all Places within the Bills of Mortality shall be at the Guildhall of the said City, in order to choose an Assignee or Assignees of the said bankrupt's Estate and Effects; at which Meeting the said Commissioners shall admit the Proof of any creditor's Debt, that shall live remote from the Place of such Meeting of the Commissioners, by Affidavit, or, being of the People called Quakers., by solemn Affirmation, and also permit any Person duly authorised by Letter of Attorney from such Creditors, Oath or Affirmation being made of the due Execution thereof, either by an Affidavit sworn or Affirmation made before a Mailer in Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, or before the Commissioners viva voce (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorised to administer) and in case of Creditors residing in foreign Parts, such Affidavits or solemn Affirmations to be made before a.magistrate where the Party shall be residing, and shall together with such creditor's Letters of Attorney be attested by a Notary Public, to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees of such bankrupt's Estate and Effects in the Place and Stead of such Creditor; and the Commissioners, or the major Part of them authorised, shall assign every such bankrupt's Estate and Effects unto such Person or Persons as the major Part in Value of such Creditors, according to the several Debts then proved, shall choose as aforesaid; the Assignee or Assignees so chosen shall be obliged to keep one or more.distinct Book or Books of Account, wherein he or they shall duly enter all Sum and Sums of Money or other Effects, which he or they shall have got in or received out of the said bankrupt's Estate, to which Book or Books of Account every Creditor who shall have proved his or her Debt shall at all seasonable Times have free Resort, and inspect the same as often as he or she shall think fit

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted "by the Authority aforesaid, That no Creditor or any other Person for and on the Behalf of any Creditor shall be permitted to vote in such Choice of Assignee or Assignees, whose Debt or the Debt of the Person or Persons so authorising him to vote, shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that there hath been mutual Credit given by the Bankrupt and any other Person, or mutual Debts between the Bankrupt and any other Person, at any Time before such Person became Bankrupt, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or the Assignees of such bankrupt's Estate, shall state the Account between thein, and one Debt may be set against another; and what shall appear to be due on either Side on the Balance of such Account, and on setting such Debts against one another, and no more, shall be claimed or paid on either Side respectively' '

And whereas many Abuses have been committed by pretended Creditors of Bankrupts, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person at any Time hereafter shall, before the acting Commissioners in any Commission of Bankrupt, or by Affidavit or Affirmation exhibited to them, swear or depose, or, being of the People called Quakers, affirm, that any Sum of Money is due to him or her from any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which Sum of Money is not really due or owing, or shall swear or affirm, that more is due than is really due or owing, knowing the same to be not due or owing, and that such Oath or Affirmation is false and untrue, and being thereof convicted by Indictment or Information, such Person shall suffer the Pains and Penalties inflicted by the several Statutes made and now in Force against wilful Perjury, and shall moreover be liable to pay double the Sum so sworn or affirmed to be due or owing as aforesaid, to be recovered and levied as other Penalties and Forfeitures are upon penal Statutes after Conviction to be levied and recovered; and such double Sum shall be equally divided among all the Creditors seeking Relief under the said Commission.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners authorised as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, as often as they shall see Cause, for the better preferring and securing the bankrupt's Estate, immediately to appoint one or more Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects or any Fart thereof; which Assignee or Assignees, or any of them, shall or may be removed or displaced at the Meeting of the Creditors so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Choice of Assignees, if they or the major Part in Value of rhem (whose Debts reflectively amount to ten Pounds or upwards as aforesaid) then present, and of such Persons duly authorised as aforesaid, shall think fit; and such afflnee or Assignees as shall be so removed and displaced shall deliver up and assign all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt which shall have come to his or their Hands or Possession, or which shall have been assigned by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, unto such other Assignee or Assignees who shall be so chosen by the Creditors as aforesaid; all the estate.and

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30. 105

Effects of the Bankrupt which shall be delivered up or assigned, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as effectually and legally veiled in such new Assignee or Assignees as if the first Alignment had been made to him or them by the said Commissioners: if such first Assignee or Assignees shall refuse or neglect by the Space of ten Days next after Notice given of the said Choice of such new Assignee or Assignees, and of his and their Consent to accept such Assignment, signified to the first Assignce or Assignees by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to make fuclt Assignment and Delivery as afore Penalty on first find, every such first Assignee or Assignees shall respectively forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to Aflijneev not be divided and distributed amongst the Creditors, towards Satisfaction of their Debts, in such Manner as the Estate of the Bankrupt is or ought to be divided and distributed, and to be recovered by Action t]je new ones, of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by such Person or Persons as such the major Part of the Commissioners, authorised as aforesaid, shall appoint to sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Privilege, Protection or Wager in Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas it may be found necessary, that as well Alignments of Bankrupts Estates already made by Commissioners, as Alignments hereafter to be made pursuant to the Choice of Crc ' ditors, should be vacated, and a new Assignment or Alignments be made of the Debts and Effects un,

received and not disposed by the then Assignees to other Persons to be chosen by the Creditors as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Notice of Re. to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, upon Petition of any Creditors, to make such Order therein as he or Gazette, they shall think just and reasonable: in case a new Assignment shall be ordered to be made as aforesaid, that then such Debts, Effects and Estate of such Bankrupt shall be thereby effectually and legally veiled in such new Assignee or Assignees; it shall and may be lawful for him and them to sue for the same in his or their Name or Names, and to discharge any action or Suit, or to give any Acquittance for such Debts as effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the Assignee or Assignees in the former Assignment might have done in case no new Assignment had been made, anything herein or in any former at contained or made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that the said Commissioners shall cause public Notice to be given in the two London Gazettes that shall immediately follow the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, and the Appointment of such other Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, that such Assignee or Assignees is or are removed, and such other Assignee or Assignees appointed in his or their Stead, and that such Persons as are indebted to the said bankrupt's Estate, do not pay such Debt or Debts to such Assignee or Assignees as shall be removed as aforesaid.

XXXII. And whereas by Reason of the Moneys which are lodged in the Hands of Assignees until a 4 Dividend is made, Assignees do oftentimes delay the dividing thereof, to the very great Prejudice of the bankrupt's Creditors For preventing whereof, and to the End Assignees may make speedy Dividends of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That creditors, be before the Creditors shall proceed to the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees of any bankrupt's Estate, fore choosing the major Part in Value of the said bankrupt's Creditors then present shall, if they think lit, direct ^'^f^method what Manner, how, and with whom and where the Moneys arising by, and to be received from Time to "f Dividends. Time out of the bankrupt's Estate, shall be paid in and remain until the same shall be divided amongst all the Creditors as by this Act is directed; to which Rule and Direction every such Assignee and Assignees, afterwards to be chosen, shall conform, as often as one hundred Pounds shall be got in and received from such bankrupt's Estate, and shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do in Pursuance of such Direction of the said Creditors as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons chosen Method of m. or who shall be chosen Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Eifedts of such Bankrupt, shall, at same king Dividends, Time after the Expiration of four Months and within twelve Months from the Time of issuing of such Commission, cause at least twenty-one Days public Notice to be given in the London Gazette, of the Time and Place the Commissioners and Assignees intend to meet, to make a Dividend or Distribution of such bankrupt's Estate and Effects; which Time the Creditors, who have not before proved their Debts, shall then be at Liberty to prove the same; which Meeting for the City of London and all Places within the Bills of Mortality, shall be at the Guildhall of the said City; and upon every such Meeting the Assignee or Assignees shall produce, to the said Commissioners and Creditors then present, fair and just Accounts of all his and their Receipts and Payments touching the said bankrupt's Estate and Effects, and of what shall remain out handing, and the Particulars thereof; and shall, if the Creditors then present, or the major Part of them, require the same, be examined upon Oath, or, being of the People called Quakers, upon solemn Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, touching the Truth of such Accounts; and in such Accounts the said Assignee or Assignees shall be allowed and retain all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall have paid and expended in suing out and prosecuting of such Commission, and all other just Allowances, on Account of and by Reason or Means of their being Assignee or Assignees; the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall order such Part of the neat Produce of the said bankrupt's Estate, as by such Accounts or otherwise shall appear to be in the Hands of the said Assignees, as they or the major Part of them shall think fit, to be forthwith divided amongst such of the bankrupt's Creditors, who have duly proved their Debts under such Commission, in Proportion to their several and respective Debts; and the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall make such their Order for a Dividend in Writing under their Hands, and shall cause one Part of such Order to be filed amongst the Proceedings under the said Commission, and shall deliver unto each of the Assignee or Assignees, under such Commission, a Duplicate'

106 C 30. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

of such their Order likewise under the Hands of the said Commissioners; which Order of Distribution shall contain an Account of the Time and Place of making such Order, and the Sum Total or j|hianttm of all the Debts proved under the said Commission, and the Sum Total of the Money remaining inr the Hands of the Assignee or Assignees to be divided, and how much in particular in the Pound is then ordered to be paid to every Creditor under the said Commission; the said Assignee or Assignees, in Pursuance of such Order, and without any Deed or Deeds of Distribution to be made for that purpose, shall forthwith make such Dividend and Distribution accordingly, and shall take Receipts, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, from each Creditor, for the Part or Share of such Dividend or distribution which he or they shall make and pay to each Creditor respectively; and such Order and Receipt shall be a full and effectual discharge to such Assignee, for so much as he shall fairly pay, pursuant to such Order as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And whereas Assignees are, and may sometimes be prevented from making such speedy

Dividends of the Estate and Effects of Bankrupts, as by this Act is intended, by Reason of Debts due,

or pretended and claimed to be due from such Bankrupts, upon long and intricate Accounts or Demands, which are disputed or not admitted by the Commissioners and Creditors to be just and fair Debts, and such Claimants are thereby obliged to ascertain such their Demands by Actions or Suits in Law or Equity, which are oftentimes many Years depending, and many other Differences and Difficulties do arise under Commissions of Bankrupts, which might be determined by Arbitration, if Af assignees, with signees had Power to submit the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall storsr'm°y^ub all be lawfril to and for the Assignee or Assignees of any bankrupt's Estate and Effects, by and mit Disputes to" with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the bankrupt's Creditors, who shall have duly proved

Arbitration. their Debts under such Commission, and who shall be present at any Meeting of the said Creditors,

pursuant to Notice to be for that Purpose given in the London Gazette, to submit any Difference or dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or on Account, or by Reason or Means of any Matter, Cause or Thing whatsoever, relating to such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, his, her or their Estate or Effects, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or otherwise to compound and agree the Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and the Assignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do according to the Direction aforesaid.

Assignees with

XXXV. And be it further also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Assignee or Assignees Consent of Cre made or chosen as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby empowered, by and with the Consent of pound debts" major Part of such bankrupt's Creditors in Value, who shall be present at a Meeting to be had for that Purpose of which public Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Bankrupts, where the same shall appear necessary and reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part as can upon such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bankrupts, after

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Bankrupt Allowance of or Bankrupts shall have obtained his, her or their Certificate, and the same shall be duly confirmed as attend Assignees herein s mentioned, every such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall, and is, and are hereby obliged to give in settling Ac his, her or their Attendance, upon every reasonable Notice in Writing to be given to him, her or them, counts. or to be left at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, by the Assignee or Assignees, or their Order,

thereby requiring him, her or them, to attend the Assignee or Assignees of such bankrupt's Estate, in order to make up, adjust or settle any Account or Accounts between such Bankrupt or Bankrupts and any Debtor to or Creditor of such bankrupt's Estate, or to attend any Court or Courts of Record, in order to be examined touching the same, or for such other Business, which such Assignee or Assignees (hair judge necessary for getting in the said bankrupt's Estate and Effects, for the Benefit of his, her or Allowance for their Creditors; for which said Attendance the Bankrupt shall be allowed and paid the Sum of two Attendance. Shillings and sixpence per Diem by such Assignee or Assignees out of the bankrupt's Estate; in case such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall neglect or refuse to attend, or, on such Attendance, shall refuse to assist in such Discovery, without good and sufficient Cause to be shown to the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for such his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be by them allowed as sufficient, such Assignee or Assignees making due Proof thereof upon Oath, or, being of the People called Quakers, upon solemn Affirmation before the said Commissioners authorised as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants, directed to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, for apprehending Imprisonment such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and him, her or them to commit to the County Gaol, there to remain on non atten in close Custody without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she or they shall duly conform to the Satisfaction dance. of t]le fajci Commissioners authorised as aforesaid, and be by the said Commissioners, or the special Order

of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or otherwise by due Course of Law dischargea; and such Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison to which such Bankrupt or Bankrupts shall be committed, is hereby required to keep such Person or Persons in close Custody within the Walls of the said Prison, until he, she or they be duly discharged as aforesaid, under the Pains and Penalties before mentioned, for such Gaoler or Keeper suffering such Prisoners, committed pursuant to this Act, to escape and go at large.

8

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 30. 107

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within eighteen Months next rinnl_ divider)i after the issuing of any such Commission as aforesaid, the Assignee or Assignees shall make a second Months Dividend of the bankrupt's Estate and Effects, in case the same was not whoily divided upon the first Dividend, and shall cause a Notice to be inserted in the London Gazette, of the Time and Place the said Commissioners intend to meet to make a second Dividend and Distribution of such bankrupt's Estate or Effects, and for the Creditors, who flail not before have proved their Debts, to come and prove the same; and at such Meeting every such assignee or Assignees shall produce upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, his, her or their Account or Accounts of the bankrupt's Estate and effe<sfs, and what upon the Balance thereof shall appear to be in his, her or their Hands, shall, by the like Order of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, be forthwith divided amongst such of the bankrupt's Creditors who shall have made due Proof of their Debts, in Proportion to their several and respective Debts; which second Dividend shall be final, unlei's any Suit at Law or in Equity shall be depending, Exception;, or any Part of the Estate Handing out, that cannot have been disposed of, or that the major Part of the Creditors shall not have agreed to be sold and disposed of in Manner aforesaid, or unless some other or future Estate or Effects of the said Bankrupt shall afterwards come to or vest in the said Assignee or Assignees; which Case the said Assignee or Assignees shall, as soon as may be, convert such future or other Estate and ehefts into Money in Manner aforesaid, and flail, within two Months next after the same shall be converted into Money as aforesaid, by the like Order of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, divide the same among such bankrupt's Creditors who shall have made due Proof of their Debts under such Commission.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Af nosuit inequi

signees, without the Consent of the major Part in value of the Creditors of such Bankrupt, who shall be mencedvithout present at a Meeting of the Creditors, pursuant to Notice to be given in the London Gazette for that content of Cre purpose. ditors.

XXXIX. And whereas Persons dealing as Bankers, Brokers and Factors, are frequently intruded Bankers, Bro ' with great Sums of Money, and with Goods and Effects of very great Value belonging to other Per fordable to"

fons: 'It 's hereby further enacted, That such Bankers, Brokers and Fablers, shall be and are hereby statutes, declared to be subject and liable to this and other the Statutes made concerning Bankrupts.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Persons not lia that no Farmer, Grazier or Drover of Cattle, or any Person or Persons, who is or are, or shall be ble'

receiver-general of the Taxes granted by Act of Parliament, shall be entitled as such to any of the Benefits given by this Act, or be deemed a Bankrupt within the same, or within any of the Statutes now in Force concerning Bankrupts; any Law, Custont or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And whereas Commissions of Bankrupts, and the Depositions taken before the Commissioners

Bankrupts, and the Proceedings upon such Commissions, are most commonly kept by such Persons

act as Clerks or Secretaries to such Commissioners, and by reason of the Death of such Clerks or

Secretaries are many Times lost and mislaid, by Means whereof such Persons as have or may purchase any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under any Commission grounded upon the Stau tutes made concerning Bankrupts, may be disabled to make out their Right and Title to the same:

And there being no certain Place where the Creditors of any Bankrupt, or any Person or Persons claim ing any Estate or Interest in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by or under any such Commission as aforesaid, can have Recourse to such Commission and the Proceedings thereupon;

and such Commissions, Depositions and Proceedings, in cate they can be produced, are not at present of Record, nor can be given in Evidence, which may be of very evil Consequence to such Purchasers

or Persons claiming as aforesaid:: 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Proceedings to Petition of any Person or Persons to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody j_ee*" jed on of the Great Seal of Great Britain, praying that such Commissions, and the Depositions taken thereon, el0u'or any Part of such Depositions, and such Certificates so to be allowed and confirmed as aforesaid, or any by Direction of Certificates heretofore allowed and confirmed, or any other Matters or Things relating to the said Com thjjlord clun missions, or the Proceedings thereupon, may be entered of Record, the Lord High Chancellor, Lord ct or' Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall and may direct and order such Commissions, depoli tions. Proceedings and Certificates, or other Matters or Things, to be entered of Record; and in case of the Death of the Witnesses proving such Bankruptcy, or in case the said Commissions, Depositions, Proceedings, or other Matters or Tilings, shall be lost of mislaid, a true Copy of the Record of such commissions, Depositions and Proceedings, or other Matters or Things, signed and attested as herein after is mentioned, shall and may upon all Occasions, be given in Evidence to prove such Commissions, and the Bankruptcy of such Person, against whom such Commission hath been or shall be awarded, or other Matters or Things; any Law, Usage or Cullom to the contrary notwithstanding: And all Certificates which have been allowed and confirmed, or to be allowed and confirmed, and entered of Record as aforesaid, or a true Copy of every Certificate' signed and attested as herein after is mentioned, shall and may be given in Evidence in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, and be without any further Proof deemed, adjudged and taken, to be a full and effectual Bar and Discharge of and against any Ablion or Suit, which shall be commenced or brought by any Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt, for any Debt or Demand contracted, due or demandable before the issuing of such Commission, unless any Creditor or Creditors of the Person that hath such Certificate, shall prove that such Certift ate was fraudulently obtained; in which case Costs shall be allowed to either Party, as in other common Cases: And to the End any Creditor or other Person or Persons may know where to search and see whether such Commission hath issued, and find what Depositions have been taken by virtue thereof, and

io

Liberty to search,

Clause to prevent unnecessary Expenses.

Commissioner

Oath,

a Memorial thereof to be entered.

Commissions not to abate by the Death of his Majesty, &c.

Kills of Fees, C to be settled by a Mailer in Chancery.

C 30. Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

what Proceedings have been thereupon, and whether the said Bankrupt hath made such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, and whether such Certificates are entered of Record as aforesaid, and all other Matters or Tilings which shall be entered of Record in pursuance of this Act, the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, shall appoint a certain proper Place near the Inns of Court, where all and every the Matters aforesaid shall be entered of Record, where all Persons shall be at Liberty to search and see if the same are duly entered of Record; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall, by a Writing under his or their Planets, appoint a proper Person, who shall, by himself, or his sufficient Deputy, to be approved by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners. a Writing under his or their Hands, enter of Record such commissions, Depositions, Proceedings and Certificates, and other Matters and Things, and have the Custody of the Entries thereof; and also appoint such See and Reward to be paid to such Person for his Labour and Pains therein, as the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners shall think reasonable, not exceeding what is usually paid in the like Cases; and that the Person so to be appointed, and his Deputy, shall continue to enter of Record all and every the Matters and Things aforesaid, and to have the Custody of the same, so long as he or they shall respectively behave themselves well in entering the same of Record, and keeping such Entries, and shall not be removed, but by Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners, on a good and sufficient Cause therein specified; and in case such Person shall die, or be as aforesaid removed, the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Time being shall and may, in Writing under his or their Hands, appoint another Person to enter the same of Record, who shall have the Custody of the Entries thereof, and shall have and receive the like See and Reward for his Labour and Pains therein.

XLII. And whereas the suing out and prosecuting of Commissions of Bankrupt is at present very expensive, to the great Prejudice of the Bankrupt and his Creditors Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid or allowed by the Creditors, or out of the Estate of the Bankrupt, any Moneys whatsoever for Expenses in Eating or Drinking of the Commissioners, or of any other Persons at the Times of the Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any of the Creditors: And that no Schedule shall be annexed to any Deed of Assignment of the personal Estate of such Bankrupt from the Commissioners to the Assignee or Assignees of the said Estate; And if any Commissioner or Commissioners in any Commission mail order any such Expense to be made, or eat or drink at any such Meeting at the Charge of the Creditors, or out of the Estate of such Bankrupt, or receive or take above the Sum of twenty Shillings each Commissioner for each respective Meeting, every such Commissioner so offending shall be disabled for ever to act as a Commissioner in such or any other Commission founded on this Act, or any of the Statutes made concerning Bankrupts.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners authorised as aforesaid, and every of them, shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this present Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force concerning Bankrupts, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths to Commissioners) until such Time as he and they respectively shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

AB. do swear, That will faithfully, impartially and honesty, according to the hest of my Shill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Trujls reposed in me as a Commissioner in a Cosnmijflon of Bankrupt against and that without Favour or Ajfettion, Prejudice or Malice.

So help me God,

XLIV Which Oath any two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer to each other in the same Commission named and authorised; and they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to enter and keep a Memorial or Memorials thereof, signed by them respectively, among the Depositions and other Proceedings on each respective Commission that shall be issued forth by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force concerning Bankrupts.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commission of Bankrupt shall abate by reason of the Death of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve) his Heirs or Successors, but such Commissions shall continue in full Force; and if it shall be necessary to renew any such Commission by reason of the Death of the Commissioners named in such Commission, so that a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not be living, who can act therein, or for any other Cause, in every such case such Commission shall be renewed, and but Half of the Fees usually paid upon granting or obtaining of Commissions of Bankrupt shall be paid for any such renewed Commissions.

XLVI. And to the End that Commissions of Bankrupt may be carried on and prosecuted with as little Expense as reasonably may be. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bills of Fees or disbursements claimed or demanded by any Solicitor, Clerk or Attorney employed under any Commission of Bankrupt shall be settled, adjusted and certified by one of the Matters of the Court of Chancery; and so much as the Master shall certify to be due to such Clerk, Solicitor or Attorney, and no more, shall be paid by the Assignee under such Commission; and the Master who shall settle and adjust such Bill, shall have and receive for his Care in settling and adjusting the same, as also for his Certificate thereof, the Sum of twenty Shillings, and no more.

XLVII. And whereas several Bankrupts have, either through Inadvertency or the Intricacy and Multiplicity of their Affairs, failed to obtain, within the Time limited, Certificates allowed as directed

A.D. 1732. Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 31, 32. 109

by a Clause in an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (amongst other Things) for Relief of Bankrupts whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of a late

Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, now expired, notwithstanding the y have discovered all their Estate and Effects, and delivered the same up for the Benefit of their Creditors, and been conformable unto the said Act in other Particulars; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Bankrupt and Bankrupts, who was or were declared a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, on or before the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and foreij luay 1719, have discovered all their Estate and Effects, and have delivered up the same for the Benefit of their Creon Conformity, ditors, shall be entitled to all and singular the Relief, Benefit and Advantages, and be subject and liable confirmtd>

to all the Penalties mentioned or contained in the Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled An Aid for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, if they already have obtained, or shall hereafter, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, obtain Certificates of their Conformity pursuant to the said Act; and such Certificates sit all be allowed and confirmed as the said Act directs; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And whereas Actions may have been brought against such Bankrupts, and other Proceed ings had thereupon, for Causes and Matters arising and growing due before the Time of the Bankruptcy ' o:; - such Bankrupts, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Actions, and all a"fjnft°tch|, n8s Proceedings thereon for any such Causes or Matters, shall be and are hereby discharged against such discharged.' Bankrupts and their Bail so obtaining such Certificates allowed as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be Duration of the in Force for the Space of three Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred confirmed by and thirty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. 24geo. 2. c. 57.

fed. 8. And continued farther by 31- Geo. 2*. C 35, to 29 Sept, 1764. See likewise 19 Geo. 2. c. 3z.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for appointing of for taking, Hating and determining all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of The Charitable Corporation for Relief of inaujlrious Poor, by assiji ing them with small Sums upon Pledges at legal Inter eft; and of all Persons claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation, and for enabling the said Corporation to name one Person to be an Assignee under the respective Commissions of Bankruptcy awarded against George Robinson and John Thomson; and for enabling the of acting under the said Commissions of Bankruptcy to proceed and inquire of the Estates, Goods and Effects of the said Bankrupts, and to apply the same; and to oblige John Thomson, Father of the said John Thomson the Bankrupt, to appear before the said Commissioners of Bankruptcy in England.

PR.

WHEREAS many and great Disputes and Law Suits have arisen and are like to continue between the Proprietors of The Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by afjijiing them with small Sums upon Pledges at legal Interest, and their Creditors: And whereas the said Charitable Corporation have already suffered great Losses: whereas it is just and reasonable, that the said Disputes should be settled with as little Expense, and in as short and easy a Manner as may be, and that the State of the Affairs of the said Corporation, and the Demands of all Persons. claiming any Share, Interest.

or Sums of Money in, to, out of or from the same, may be ascertained, settled, adjusted and determined May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

"Trustees for ascertaining Claims: Duration of their Authority for six Months. Creditors to deliver "their Claims by i Aug. 1732. Officers of the Corporation to assist the Trustees. Persons refusing to "answer Commissioners, to be imprisoned. Persons possessed of Goods belonging to the Corporation "11 Oil. 1731, to discover them. Claims not entered in the Time limited, void. The Corporation in "a General Court may choose an Assignee for each bankrupt's Estate, and displace them again. New "Assignments to be certified under the company's Seal. Effects to be delivered to the new assignees. s Surplus of the respective Estates to go to the Corporation. J. thomson's Father not submitting to Examination, declared a Felon. J. tbonfon's Father answering, not to hinder any other Evidence. Com "to deliver accounts to the Parliament.

e

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond,

William Burroughs, Esquires, Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of one Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for dif eovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the same; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the same; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act. P R,

iio

C 33-

Anno quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1732.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Loch or other Works ereffed by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable.

1 Geo. 2. Stati2. { C 19.

En sore

ireed by 8 Geo. 2. c. 20.

After 24 Tune 1712, malici

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of his present Majesty for punishing such Persons as should wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable: And whereas the Provisions by the said Act made for puniftling such Offenders have by Experience been found to be insufficient for Remedy thereof, and for rendering the said Act more effectual, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, shall either by Day or Night wilfully Turn maliciously break down, cut down, pluck up, throw down, level or otherwise destroy any Turn

lonyt* es' pike Gate or Turnpike Gates, or any Polls or Polls, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or other fence or Fences belonging to any such Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, erected or to be erected to prevent paf fengers from passing by without paying the 'Foil directed to be paid by any Act or Acts of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made for that Purpose, and shall be lawfully convicted of the same upon Indictment before any of his Majesty's Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery' for the County, City, Town, Borough or Corporation where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon and Felons shall be subject and liable to like Pains and Penalties, Transportation. as in Cases of Felony; and the Courts, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to transport such Felons for the Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Returning from

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Offender or Offenders shall re d turn 'nt Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the said Term of seven Years, contrary to the

1 Geo. *2. stat.2.true Intent and Meaning hereof, or of the said Act passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as fall zuilfully and maliciously pull down or defray Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected by the Authority of Parliament for making rivers navigable, lie or they so returning shall suffer Death as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees, Commissioners, Proprietors, Undertakers or other Person or Persons whatsoever authorised or empowered to put in Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made for repairing of Highways or making Rivers navigable, shall and rnay, by and out of the 'Foils, Rates and Duties arising by virtue of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, pay and discharge the Cods, Charges and Expenses arising or becoming due for or by reason of any Action, Information, Indictment or other Prosecution whatsoever, which shall or may be commenced or prosecuted for or on account of the pulling down or otherwise destroying any Turnpike Gate, Pod, Rail, or other Fence or Fences belonging to any Turnpike Gate or any Turnpike House or Houses, or any Lock, Sluice, Floodgate or other Works, on any navigable River, erected or to be erected by Authority of Parliament.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commissioners and Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put any Act of Parliament made or to be made for the Repair of any Highway or Highways in Execution, shall abuse or exceed their Power by erecting or causing to be erected, or conti,

remove nuing or causing to be continued, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, where they have not unwarrantable any power by virtue of any Act of Parliament, to erect such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, umpi u. Qlar] ancj may b. c. ]awfu] to and for the Justices of the Peace of the County where any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, is, are or shall be erected or continued, in their General quarter sessions assembled, upon Complaint of any such Abuse or Excess of Power in such Commissioners and Trustees, in a summary Way to hear and determine the same, and thereupon to order the Sheriff of the County (who is hereby authorised and required to execute such Order) to remove any such Gate or Gates,

Turnpike or Turnpikes.

Act 1 Geo. 2. V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and also the said Act hereby and this Cconti expiaineci and amended, and every Article, Clause and Sentence therein contained, not altered by this nuedfor5years". present Act, shall from henceforth continue and be in full Force and Effect for the Term of five Years, Made perpetual to be computed from the twenty-fourth Dav of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and cyi67 Geo 2' from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Concerning Highways, see farther 7 Geo. 2. c. 9. 3 Geo. 2. c. 20.9 Geo. 2. C is. 14. Geo. 2. c. 42, 26 Geo. 2. c. 2$, 28 Geo. 2. c. 33* 22 Geo. 2. c. 28.

24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 30. 28 Geo. 2. c. 17, 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34. t

C 29.

Charges of Prosecution to be paid out of the Toils.

Sheriff, by Order of Justices in their General Quarter sef

Anno

A.D. 1733.

C 1, 2.

111

Anno Regni GEORGII II. sexto

At the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-third Day of January, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fc. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the sixteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty; hree; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Aprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An act to allow a further Time to John Thomson to appear and produce the Books, and discover the Effects of The Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by affijung them with small Sums upon Pledges at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon at the Times and Places fixed in the Bill, and for allowing the said John Thomson a Proportion out of the Effects of the said Corporation which he shall discover, and for preventing fraudulent Releasing or Assigning any Debt due, from George Robinson or the said John Thomson, or either 01 them.

PR.

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, entitled,

rln Adito encourage and cotnpel George Robinson Esquire, and John Thomson, to appear and pro duce the Books and difover the Effects of The Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon at the Times

and Places therein mentioned, it was amongst other Things enacted, That if the said George Robinson and John Thompson respectively (hold not, on or before the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, appear before either House of Parliament or a Committee of either House of Par

and submit to be examined touching the Matters and Things, and in the Manner therein mentioned, and in that Case should not, on or before the fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, surrender himself or themselves respectively to the Commissioners named in the several Commissions of Bankruptcy therein mentioned to be awarded against them respectively, or to some of them, and submit to be examined from Time to Time upon Oath by and before the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and in all Things conform themselves to the several Sta

made concerning Bankrupts, and also upon such Examination make such Discovery as is in the said Act mentioned, and deliver up to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Effects and Estate, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, as at the Time of such Examination before such Commissioners mould be in the Possession, Custody or Power of the said George Robinson or John Thomson, or either of them, then such of them the said George Robinson and John Thomson as should be guilty of any Default or wilful Omission therein, being thereof lawfully convicted by Indictment, should be deemed and adjudged to be a Felon, and (hold suffer as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy, and all Justices of Peace within the Kingdom of England,

Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed were authorised and required by the said A fit, in case the said George Robinson or John Thomson respectively (hold not appear before either House of Parliament or a Committee of either House of Parliaments and submit to be examined as aforesaid within the Time thereby limited for that Purpose, to grant Warrants for the taking and apprehending the said George Robinson or John Thomson, and them or either of them so taken to commit to the common Gaol of the County, City or Place where they or either of them (hold be so taken and apprehended; and Power and Authority was also given by the same Add to any Person or Persons, by virtue of a War rant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Bankruptcy in and by the said Commis 4 (ions respectively authorised, to demand Admittance in the daytime into any House or Room where in they or any of them (hold have Reason to believe, or should be informed, the said George Rcbin sin or John Thomson, so making Default as aforesaid, were, and upon Refusal to be admitted into such 1 House or Room, in the Company of a Constable or other Peace officer in the daytime, to break or cause to be broke open the Doors or Locks of every such House or Room, and the said George Robinson or John Thomson so making Default as aforesaid to seize, take and carry away, and to deliver to such Person or Persons, as by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, (hold be impowered and appointed to receive them respectively whereas the said George Robinson and John Thom son have both of them neglected to comply with the Terms of the said Act of Parliament, and are

112 C 3 — 5. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

thereby become liable to be indicted for Felony by virtue of the same Act: And whereas an humlofe Application hath been made to Parliament on the Behalf of the said John Thomson, who hath withdrawn himself, and is now beyond the Seas, that a further Time may be allowed him for submitting 'to ' the Terms and Conditions of the said Add, and it is apprehended that it would be for the Service of the said Corporation, that the said John Thomson should return into this Kindom, and be examined touching the Matters and Things in the said recited Act directed and appointed to be inquired into, ' and that the Discoveries he is capable to make may tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the said Corporation, and of the Sufferers by the fraudulent Management of the famebe it therefore en adied, C "

"relating to the apprehending John Thomson repealed: On his Submission and Conformity by "9 March 1732, not liable to Actions on that Account, and to be protedled from Arrests, but on Neglect the former Sentence confirmed, and the Clause relating to the apprehending of him to be in full Force. Penalty on G. Robinson and J. Thomson, if they deliver up any Mortgage, isfc.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and allowing them further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

££ Persons qualifying themselves before 29 Sept. 1733, indemnified. Members of Corporations, who "have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, qualifying themselves by 29 Sept. 1733, indemnified. Offrees already avoided by Law, not to be restored.

CAP. V.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees.

EXP.

3 Geo. 1. c. 18. WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and Real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for such Regijlring, and for securing Purchases made by Protestants, it was enacted, 'that from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen no Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, should pass, alter or change from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed within six Months after the Date, and such Will within LIX ' Months after the Death of the Testator, should be enrolled in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties, wherein the Manors, Lands and Tenements lie, in such Manner as therein for that Purpose is particularly directed: And whereas by a 10 Geo. 1. c. 4. C Clause in another Act of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending the Ail of the !ajl_ Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige all Persons being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain refusing or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, to register their Names and Real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for taking the said Oaths and making such Registers, and for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds or Wills made by Papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled, pursuant to an Act of the third Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, and also for giving Relief to Protestant Lessees, it was enacted, for the Relief of such Persons who had neglected or omitted to inrol their Deeds or Wills, that every Deed and Will which had been then made, since the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Person professing the Popish Religion, though not then enrolled, should be as good and effectual in the Law, as the same would have been, in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Time limited by the said Clause in the said former Act for Inrolment thereof, provided the said Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty four in such Manner as by the said former Act was directed: whereas by a Clause in another Act

[5 Geo. 2. c. 29.]

of Parliament passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, for Relief of Bankrupts whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of a late Act for the better preventing Brands committed by Bankrupts, for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds or Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees, and for making further Provision concerning Certificates relating to the Settlements of poor Persons, and the Charges of maintaining and removing certificated Persons, it was enacted, for the Relief of such Persons who had neglected or omitted to inrol their Deeds or Wills, that every Deed t and Will which had been made since the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 6, 7. 113

hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Perfoir professing the Popish Religion, though not then enrolled, should be as good and effectual in the Law, as the same would have been, in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited in the Paid Clauses in the said former Acts for the Inrolment thereof; provided the same Deeds and Wills (hold be enrolled on or before twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Act is directed: And whereas several of his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, have purchased Lands and taken Leases upon Fines paid, where some small Rents have been reserved, from rapilts or Persons professing the Popish Religion, and have omitted or neglected to inrol their Purchase Deeds and Leases within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts directed for the Inrolment thereof, and are in Danger of being defeated of their said Purchases and Leases: whereas several Infants and others, claiming under the lati Wills and Testaments of Pa 4 pills or Persons professing the Popish Religion, may be defeated of their said Lands so devised to them, through the Neglect or Omission of the Executors or Trustees of such Wills, to inrol the same in due Time, according to the Direction of the said Clauses in the said Acts: ' Be it therefore enacted,

CV

"Deeds and Wills made by Papists since zg Sept. 1717, and not duly enrolled, shall be good, if enrolled "by 29 Sept. 1733. Deeds or Wills, of whose Deficiency in Inrolment Advantage was taken by 1 Feb.

"1732, excepted. No Purchase made for valuable Consideration by any Protestant shall be avoided for "want of Inrolment: So as no Judgement, C hath been obtained." See 9 Geo. 2. c. 26. Concerning Papjls, see farther it Geo. 2. c. 17. 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

CAP. VI.

An Act for obviating a Doubt which may arise upon an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in the Courts of justice 'within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or to any Members or Branches thereof.

C

t \X7 WHEREAS by an Act made in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act that Geo. r. C 16.

£ all Proceedings in the Courts of justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, it is amongst other Things enacted,

£ That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, all Writs, Process and Returns thereof, and Proceedings thereon, and all Pleadings, Rules, Orders,

Indictments, Informations, Inquisitions, Presentinents, Verdicts, Prohibitions, Certificates, and all Patents, ^Charters, Pardons, Commissions, Records, Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, Bonds,

Rolls, Entries, Fines and Recoveries, and all Proceedings relating thereunto, and all Proceedings of Courts Leet, Courts Baron and Customary Courts, and all Copies thereof, and all Proceedings whatsoever in any Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and which concern the Law and Administration of Justice, shall be in the English Tongue and Language only, and not in Latin or French, or any other Tongue or Language whatsoever, and shall be written in such a common legible Hand and Character as the Acts of Parliament are usually ingrossed in, and the Lines and Words of the same to be written at lead as close as the said Acts usually are, and not in any Hand commonly called Court Hand, and in Words at length and not abbreviated: And whereas a Doubt may arise, whether the Proceedings in the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer are or may be comprehended or included within the said Act,

or any general Words therein contained; 'For obviating the said Doubts, Be it declared and enacted theaftycao.ik by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and pro edirf stn Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That law'w'bipin the said Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to English, rot to extend to the said Court of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or to any Proceedings therein, or to of^eceipfof any Members or Branches thereof. " the Exchequer.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Receipt and the The Business of several Members thereof, and their Under Officers, Deputies and Clerks, shall carry on the Business to the said Court to them severally and respectively belonging and appertaining, according to the usual Course and ancient Me he carried on thod and Practice, and in like Manner as if the said at5l had never been made; any Tiling therein to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the free Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds and all other Jewels and precious Stones.

WHEREAS this Kingdom is now become a great Mart for Diamonds and other precious stone's and Jewels, from whence moil foreign Countries are supplied, and great Numbers of rough Diamonds are sent from abroad to be cut and polished here, which is a great Advamsfgfc 'to "this Nation, Vox. VL Q.

114 C S, 9. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

and there is great Reason to believe, if the Importation thereof was encouraged and made easy, the fal Trade would increase: And whereas among the Rules in the Table of Fees and Allowance due and payable to the Officers of the Customs, dated the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred and sixty two, signed by Sir Edward Turner, then Speaker of the House of Commons, and confirmed by the Act of Tunnage and Poundage passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and since continued, and now in Force, it is declared, That Diamonds, precious Stones, Jewels,

and Pearls of all Sorts shall pass outwards without Warrant or feemay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present After to April Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Day of April. an^au'csier*58 all be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three all Diamonds,

precious Stones Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other precious Stones and Jewels, shall pass inwards without Warrant may be imported or See, in like Manner as they now pass outwards, and free from the Payment of any Duty granted to his from ?>utw ree Majesty k's Heirs or Successors; it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import or export the same in any Ship or V effeiwhatsoever; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise, notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to the Proviso herein after contained.

Proviso as to the

II. Provided always". That nothing herein contained shall extend to annul or make void the Duty panylnc', acom' grant( d to his Majesty for the Use of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to h East 9 & 10 w. 3. Indies by an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William

44- the Third, for such Pearls, Diamonds and other precious Stones or Jewels as shall be imported into this Kingdom from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said Company, or to take away or alter any Privileges, Profits or advantages granted.to or now held or enjoyed by the said Company.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as one of the fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the ninth, the other in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

"The Church of Saint George IIremartyr in Southwark to be built as one of the fifty new Churches.* 6.000l. to be paid out of the Coal Duty by 34. June 1733, for that Purpose.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts of Parliament, one made in the twelfth and the other in the thirteenth Year of his late majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River Dun in the County of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation, and for uniting the several Proprietors thereof into one Company.

PR.

1- Geo. 1. c. 38. ' \yt WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the River Dun in the Wcji Riding of the County of York, navigable from Plolmftile in Doncaster up to the utmost Extent of Tinlley tvef.ward.' - a Township within two Miles of Sheffield, the Mailers, Wardens, Searchers, Affillants and Commonalty of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire in the County of York, their Successors and Assigns, are nominated and appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, with Power to make the said River r.av ' gable, at their own Expense, from Holmffiile aforesaid, up the said River above Hohvfile to the utmost Extent of Tinfey Westward, and for making and erecting Wharves and Warehouses, Locks, Dams, '

and for making towing paths on the Banks of the said River, for the haling of Vessels with Men ' or Horses, and for purchasing Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, and also such Powers of taking Tunnage and Lock Dues, and other Sums of Money, as a Recompense for the Expenses they shall be at in making the said River navigable, as in and by the said Act will more fully appear: And where -53 Geo. 3. c. 20. ' as by one other Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Holmstile in the Township of Doncaster, in the County of York, to Wilfick House in the Parish of Barnby Dun in the said County, the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster in the said County of York, their Successors and Assigns, are nominated and appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation from Holmflile aforesaid down the said River Dun below Holmjlile to Wilfick House aforesaid, and they, '

their Successors and Assigns, are thereby empowered, by themselves, their Servants, Agents, Work men and Assigns, at their own Expense, to carry the Navigation of the said River, from Hbhnfiile in Doncaster aforesaid, down the said River to Wilfick House, and to make the same River pafliible with Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vessels, at all times in the Year, from holnjjlile aforesaid to Wilfick House, and to scour and cleanse the said River, make ways and Bridges, Locks, Cuts, Dams, and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, by the said Act given them, and also to make Towing -- ' paths on the Banks of the said River, for haling of Vessels with Men Or Horses, and also to purchase Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, and also Powers of taking Tunnage, Lock Dues, and either Sums of Money, as a Recompense for the Expenses they shall be at in making the said River navigable, and to exercise several other Powers and Authorities, mentioned in the said Act, as in and by the last men honed Act will more fully appear: And whereas by the said lad in part recited Act, three Wood Bridges

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 10, 11.

+Bridges over the River commonly called the New River or Dutch River, in the same Act mentioned, and fifteen Yards of the Banks of the same River, on each Side thereof (except so much of such Part of the Bank, near one of the said three Bridges, called Rockliffe Bridge, whereon there is a Cottage erected and built, and the Yard of the said Cottage) were and are vested in the said Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of Doncaster and their successors, who were and are obliged by the said Act, for ever, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, to repair, maintain and rebuild the said Bridges; and the said Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses, by the same Act, are authorised and obliged to make

Leaves to draw up, or drawbridges, and such other Alterations of and in the said three Bridges, as should be convenient and necessary for the more easy Passage of Boats, Lighters and other Vessels with Mails, through the same, without taking down or lowering their Mails in such their Passage, and the said Corporation of Doncaster, by the said Act, was obliged to make such Leaves or drawbridges within the Space of two Years next after the said twenty fifth day of March, and from thenceforth for ever after to keep and maintain such Leaves or Draw bridges, in the said three Bridges, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and said Corporation of Don ' caster and their Successors, for and in respect of the_charge which they should be put to in altering the said three Bridges, and making such convenient Passage for Boats, Lighters and other Vessels, through the same, and for repairing and maintaining the said three Bridges, and fifteen Yards of the Banks ' (except before excepted) above and below each of the said Bridges, and building new Bridges in lieu of them, so often as there shall be Occasion, are by the said Act authorised to demand, receive and take, for the paitage of every such Boat, Lighter or other Vefle), which shall pass through the said three Bridges, or any of them (for the Passage of which Boat, Lighter or other Vessel, such drawbridges or any of them shall be opened) of the Owner or Master of every such Boat, Lighter or other Vessel,

certain Duties or Sums of Money, by the said Act directed, and the Participants and Owners of Lands

lying in the Level of Hatfield Chase and Parts thereto adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham in the said Act mentioned, were and are by the said Act obliged to pay the said Mayor,

Aldermen and Burgesses, and their Successors, twenty Pounds a Year at certain Days and Times there in mentioned, and such Remedies were and are given to them for the Recovery thereof, as in and by the said Act are expressed: whereas the Undertakers of the said two separate Navigations of the said River, above and below Holmstile, have laid out several great Sums of Money in carrying on the said respective Navigations, amounting in the whole to seventeen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and have made great Progress in making of the said River Dun navigable, as well above as below Hobnjlik, and the said two Corporations for carrying on the said Work found it necessary to di vide their respective Interests, in the said two separate Navigations, into Shares, and to assign several Shares thereor unto several Persons, who had contributed towards raising of the said seventeen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, for the carrying on of the said respective Navigations; And whereas for the better carrying on and completing of the said. Navigations, above and below Holmjlik it is found necessary, that the Undertakers of both the said Navigations should be united into one Company and Copartnership, and that all the Interest of the Undertakers of both the said Navigations should be divided into one hundred and fifty Shares, to be distributed unto and among the said two Corporations, and other the Contributors to the said Undertakings, in proportion to the several Sums of Money by them rel peftively advanced, towards carrying on both the said Navigations, for each of which said Shares there hath been already advanced and paid or laid out, the Sum of one hundred and fifteen Pounds a Share, amounting in the whole to the said Sum of seventeen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds: And to the end that both the said Navigations, above and below Holmjlile, should be thence after carried on by the Proprietors, of the said one hundred and fifty Shares, at their common Expense, according to the Proportion of their respective Interests in the said Shares, they, by Indenture bearing Date the fifth Day of January in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present and in tyre Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, made or mentioned to be made, (sc.

"Powers given by the former Acts to the separate Navigations vested in the united Company, and the "whole to be divided into 150 Shares. After 24 June 1733, the Undertakers of each Navigation made "one Body Corporate, and may purchase Lands, Tenements, cffc. The Books of Accounts to be kept "at Sheffield and Doncaster. General Court may alter former Rules, or make new ones. The Na "to be continued to Titifiey, and capable of Vessels of 20 Tun. On Defect of such Conti "by the Proprietors, the Cutlers Company to carry it on, and receive the Duties. If the Cor "of Doncaster neglect to repair the three Bridges on the New River, Land Owners there may "repair them. This Act not to lefl cn the Powers given to Commissioners by the former Act.

CAP. X

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three. EXP. is. in the Pound.

CAP. XL

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minilrer of the new Church of Horfiydtwn in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and for making the District assigned to the same a distinct Parish, and for other Purposes therein pientioned.

PR.

"Appointment of 3300l. out of the Coal duties to the use of the Minister. 1100l. to be allowed out "of the said duties.for paving and adorning the Church Yard, esc. The Floor of the Church not to

q_z "bi

II. C. 12, 13. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

"be broken up for Burials. Churchwardens may setup Monuments and Grave Stones. oi. per tc Annum to be paid to the Minister. The Provisions hereby allowed to the Minister, to be instead of 11 all Tithes, e. The new Parish not to be held in Commendam. Churchwardens to provide three "decent Palls. No Persons to bring other Palls into the Church Yards without paying the Fees, except c' Palls of the old Parish. Vestry may raise 500 /. by a pound rate for buying Necessaries for the Sacra "sv. to be recovered as the Poors Rates. All Church Yards within the two Parishes to be "held in common. Inhabitants of the new Parish to enjoy all Advantages of the Free School in com "with the old. The old Pariilr to maintain its own Poor."

CAP. XII.

An act for erecting Piers in and for repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Little Hampton, called Arundel Forty in the County of Sussex.

PR.

'\iy7'hereas it is a great Encouragement to Trade and Navigation to have good Harbours < and Ports for receiving of Shipping: And whereas the Harbour of Little Hampton, called Arun del Port, in the County of Sussex, was heretofore a safe Harbour, and capable of receiving Ships and Vessels of a considerable Burden, but a Beach being now thrown up by the Sea, the said Harbour is thereby become choked up, and the Navigation of the River Arun, commonly called Arundel River y ' obstructed, and the said Harbour rendered almost useless, to the great Damage of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Arundel: And whereas the said Harbour cannot be restored, improved and pre served, unless a Channel be cut through the said Beach and Piers, and Locks erected and made in pro per Places: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Town are unable to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expense of carrying on, completing and preserving so useful and beneficial an Undertaking, without the Aid and Assistance of parliament may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

'c After 24 June 1733, the following Duties to be paid. For every Chaldron of Coal's or other Goods II paying Duty by the Chaldron, shipped or landed in the Port of Arundel, 1 s. For every Tun of Salt "and other Goods paying Duty or freight by the Tun, 1 s. For every Load of Timber or converted Timber, 1 5. For every Load of Tan or bark, 2 s. For every hundred of Spars, Users or Staves, L s. For every hundred of Unde Deals, is. 6d. For every hundred of double Deals, 2s. and for "every hundred of three Inch Deals, 2 s. 6 d. For every Quarter of Wheat and other Grains and "Seeds, 3 d. For every Load of Flower or Meal, is. and for every Load of Bran, 6d. For every "Hogshead of Wine or other Liquors, is. For every Hogshead of Sugar and dry Goods, gd. For "every Tierce, 6d. and for every Barrel of Pitch or other Goods in Barrels, d. For every Bundle, "cof Hemp, Linen, Woollen, Glass, Fruits and Earthen Ware, id. per Hundred. For every "hundred of Allom, Cheese and other Goods, paying Duty or Freight per hundred Weight, r d. For "every hundred Feet of paving Stone or Marble, 2s. For every thousand of Tiles, Bricks or Clin "1 s. For every Gross of Bottles, 3 d. For every Barge or Craft passing through each Lock, 1 s. "For all Goods not enumerated one twelfth Part of the usual Freight from London to Arundel. For "every British Ship which shall load or unload (Fishing Vessels excepted) 3 d. per Tun. i'or every "British Ship which shall sail into the Harbour, and neither load nor unload there, id. 2q. per Tun. "For every Foreign Ship, and for Goods imported and exported in foreign Bottoms, double Duties. "No Vessels to be cleared at the customhouse, without a Certificate that these Duties are paid. On "Justices Certificate that all Charges are reimbursed, half of the Duties to cease. Commissioners may "appoint a Person to direct the mooring and ballasting of Vessels. On Death or Removal of Com "others to be chosen.

Tor former Laws concerning plan tatiom, refer to VI Car. 2. C 13. 15 Car. 2. C 7. 22 23 Car. 2.

C 26.

Car. 2. C 7. IV C 22. 11 W. 3. C 12.

3 4 Ann. C 5

Xfj 10.

6 Ann. C 30 37-

8 Ann. C 13.

9 Anti. C 17 27.

10 Ann. C 22 26.

Geo. 1. c. 11.

5 Geo. L C 12 e i5.

13 Geo. 1. c. 5.

3 Geo. I. C. 12

fe'zs.

Gee.?., C 15. 5gv0.2. cy.

CAP. XIII

An act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies

in America.

WHEREAS the Welfare and Prosperity of your majesty's Sugar Colonies in America are of the greatest Consequence and Importance to the Trade, Navigation and Strength of this Kingdom: And whereas the Planters of the said Sugar Colonies have of late Years fallen under such great Discouragements, that they are unable to improve or carry on the Sugar Trade upon an equal Footing with the foreign Sugar Colonies, without some Advantage and Relief be given to them from Great Britainfor Remedy whereof, and for the Good and Welfare of your majesty's Subjects, we your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain assembled in Parliament, have given and granted unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and in such Manner and Form as is herein after expressed; and do moult humbly befeeji your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Ruin or Spirits of the Produce or Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, not in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty,

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 13. 117

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which at any Time or Times within or during the Continuance of After 25 Dtc. this Act, shall be imported or brought into any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, which now^are or hereafter may be in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, paid for Rum the Sum of nine Pence, Money of Great Britain., to be paid accord ng to the Proportion and Value of and Spirits mad fire Shillings and sixpence the Ounce in Silver, for every Gallon thereof, and after that Rate for any greater or lelter Quantity; and upon all Molasses or Syrups of fuel) foreign Produce or Manufacture as heioneing to his aforesaid, which shall be imported or brought into any of the said Colonies or Plantations of or belong Majesty, on im ing, to his Majesty, the Sum of iix Pence of like Money for every Gallon thereof, and after that rate^for any greater or lesser Quantity; and upon all Sugars and Paneles of such foreign Growth, Produce tions, or Manufacture as aforesaid, which shall be imported into any of the said Colonies or Plantations of 6 t' pr or belonging to his Majesty, a Duty after the Rate of five Shillings of like Money, for every hurt iafe"ndvy dred Weight Avoirdupoize, of the said Sugar and Paneles, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser rups.

Quantity. _ and js. per cr.

II. And for the better raising, levying and collecting the said Duties, it is hereby further enacted by g7rsiand°c'a u" the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Importation of any such Goods as aforesaid, into any of the ncies.

said Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, an Entry or Entries shall be Duties how t(j made with the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, or the Import Officer, or proper Of be levied, ficer of the Excise, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and that all and every the said Duties hereby imposed, for and upon all such Rum, Spirits, Molasses, Syrups, Sugar and Paneles, of such foreign Growth, Produce or Manufacture aforesaid, which shall be imported into any of the said Colonies or Plantations of or belonging to the Crown of Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, before the landing of the same respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Commodities shall be landed or put on The raid Goods Shore in any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations in America, out of any Ship or Vessel, before hi landed before due Entry be made thereof at the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and before the Duties roentom)mies- by this Act charged or chargeable thereupon shall be duly paid, or without a Warrant for the landing than be forfeit! and delivering the same; first signed by the Collector, or Import Officer, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Custom or Excise belonging to such Port or Place respectively, all such Goods as shall be

so landed or put on Shore, or the Value of the same, shall be forfeited; and all and every such Goods

as shall be so landed or put on Shore, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall and

may be seized by the Governor or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, of the Colonies or Plan and miybe

tations where the same shall be so landed or put on Shore, or any Person or Persons by them autho fdzcd'

tized in that behalf, or by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate (which Warrant

such Justice or Magistrate is hereby empowered and required to give upon Request) or by any Customhouse

Officer, Import or Excise Officer, or' any Person or Persons him or them accompanying, aiding

and assisting; and all and every such Offence and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted for and re and recovered in

covered in any Court of Admiralty in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America (which Court the Court of Ad

of Admiralty is hereby authorised, empowered and required to proceed to hear and finally determine co^rtyf Remr

the same) or in any Court of Record in the said Colonies or Plantations where such Offence is com there.

mitted, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, according to the Course and Method used and

practised there in Prosecutions for Offences against penal Laws relating to Customs or Excise; and such

Penalties and Forfeitures so recovered there, shall be divided as follows; viz. One third Part thereof Forfeitures how

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied for the Support of the Government to bediftri

of the Colony or Plantation where the same shall be recovered, one third Part to the Governor or Com u e

manner in Chief of the said Colony or Plantation, and the other third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor

who shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day u0 Sugar cof December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, no Sugars, Paneles, Syrups or Molasses, of except of the r the Growth, frodust and Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, nor any Rum n "(h

or Spirits of America, except of the Growth or Manufacture of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies there, poue'd'imo ire shall be imported by any Person or Persons whatsoever into the Kingdom of Ireland, but such only as (and, unless shall be fairly and bona fide loaden and shipped in Great Britain in Ships navigated according to the fe ^'pp?d '^'reat vqral Laws now in bei g in that behalf, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Sugar, Fancies, Syrups Kntain> C or Molasses, Rum or Spirits, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same 1>enaltx' shall be imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture', Ammunition, and Apparel; and if any of the Commodities aforementioned shall be imported into Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, a! and every such Commodities, with the Ship or Vessel wherein they shall be imported, and the Tackle, Ammunition and Furniture thereof, shall and may be seizeo by the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, or Lords Justices, for the Time being, for the Kingdom of Ireland, or any Person or Persons authorised by him, them of any of them, or by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate (which Warrant such Justice or Magistrate is hereby impowered and required to give upon Request) or by any custom honfe Officer, or Excise Officer, or any Person or Persons him, them or any of them, accompanying, aiding and aiffifting; and all and every the said Offences, committed against this Act, may he prosecuted, and the Penalties and Forfeitures recovered, in any of his Majesty's Comts of Record at ivejjniinsler, or in Dublin, at the Election of the Informer or pro lecutor, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no e.ffoin, Protection or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance '; and the Penalties and Forfeitures recovered on such pro fecution shall go and be divided and applied in manner following; viz. One Moiety to the Use of his.

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Informer or Prosecutor.

V. And;

i ib

Penalty on Per cons afliftinr in such unlawful Importation.

501. Penalty on tnolefting Officer in Ills Duty.

Officer, if sued may plead the General Mire.

30l. Penalty on Officer conniving at such fraudulent Importation.

1001. Penalty on Mailer of Ship, C per rr.itting such Importation.

The Onus pro bandi in Suits to lie on the Owners,

Duties paid for S u gar or Panel es imported from yhe British Plantations after 34 June 173-, to be repaid on Exportation within the Year,

Allowance on Exportation for Sugars refined in Great Britain,

C 13. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be aiding and affifiing in bringing on (bore or landing any such Sugar, Paneles, Syrups or Molasses, Rum or Spirits, into the Kingdom of Ireland, or into any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, contrary to the true intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall receive into his, her or their House or Custody, any of the Commodities aforementioned, knowing the same to be imported or landed and brought on shore, contrary to this Act, every such Person so ofrending shall forfeit treble the Value of such Goods, to be estimated and computed according to the bed Price that each respective Commodity bears at the Place where any such Seizures shall be made, to be sued for, recovered and applied in manner aforementioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hinder, moled or redd, any

customhouse Officer, Import or Excise Officer, or their or any of their Affidants, in the due Execution of his or their Duty in seizing or feenrino any of the Commodities aforementioned, imported into the Kingdom of Ireland, or landed or put on (bore in any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, which now are or hereafter may be in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, contrary to the Purport or true Meaning of this Aid, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and applied in manner aforementioned, and shall also be liable to be profectited for the same, By Indictment or otherwise, and being thereof found guide, shall be imprisoned for three Months without Bail or Mainprize; and if any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms, impod or Excise Officer or Officers, or their Affidants, shall be sued or prosecuted for anything done in Execution of his or their Duty for the better and more effectual putting in force this present Aid, he or they may and shall plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and the Judges shall allow thereof; and if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or ext cife, in the Kingdom cf Ireland, or any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms, impod or Excise Office, in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies in America, shall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent Importation, or landing and brinffing on shore, of any of the Commodities aforementioned, contrary to the Purport and true Meaning of this Acd, or such Officer or Officers shall take upon him or them to seize any of the said Commodities, and shall by Fraud or Collusion defid from or delay the Prosecution thereof to Condemnation, he or they so conniving, defiding or delaying, shall forfeit and Jose the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and applied in manner aforesaid, and such Officer or Officers shall also lie incapable of holding any Office or irr.ployment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if. any of his Majesty's subjects, who is or shall be Mader, or have the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, shall take in, or permit or differ to be taken in, at Sea or in any Creek or Harbour, or other Place, any Sugar, Paneles, Syrups or Molasses, Rum or Spirits, in order to be imported into Ireland, or brought on shore and landed in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aift; every such Mader or other Person, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, that.upon all Suits and Prosecutions for the Importation of any of the Commodities aforementioned into the Kingdom of Ireland, or for the bringing on shore and landing of any of the Commodities aforementioned in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, contrary to the Purport and true Meaning of this Aid, the Onus probjndi, that the same and every Part thereof were fairly and bona fide, and without Fraud, loaden and shipped in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to the several Laws in Being in that behalf, or that the Rum or Spirits were mads CL the Growth or Manufacture of some of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, or that all and every the Commodities aforesaid, which shall be imported into any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, were of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations there, or were duly entered, and had really and bona fide paid the Duties hereby charged and chargeable thereon, before the bringing on shore and landing thereof in any of his Majesty vcolonics or Plantations in America, shall lie on the clai.mcr or Owner thereof.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Sugar or Paneles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to or in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, shall at any time within one Year after the Importation thereof, be again exported out of Great Britain, and that due Proof be first made, by Certificate from the proper Officers, of the due Entry and Payment of the sub fidies or Duties charged or payable upon the Importation thereof, together with the Oath of the Merchant or his Agent importing and exporting the same, or in case such Merchant or Agent shall be one of the People called Quakers, by his solemn Affirmation to the Truth thereof, and that all other requl sites shall be performed that are by Law to be performed in Cases where any of the said Subsidies or Duties are to be paid by any former Statute, all the Residue and Remainder of the Subsidy or Duty, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament granted and charged on such Sugar or Paneles as aforesaid, shall without any Delay or Reward be repaid to such Merchant or Merchants, who do export the same, within one Month after Demand thereof.

X. And it is' hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Diyofjune one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for every hundred Weight of Sugar refined in Great Britain, and foin Proportion for a greater or Icfler Quantity, which shall be exported out of this Kingdom, there shall be, by virtue of this Act, repaid at the custom house' to the Exporter, within one Month after tyre Demand thereof, over and above the several Sums of three Shillings

and

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 14. HQ

and one Shilling per Hundred, payable by two former aos of Parliament, one of them made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the other ing& i w 3 the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the further Sum of two Shil Annt cg lings; Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, being first made by the Refiner, that the said Sugar so " V J exported, was produced from Brown and Muscovado Sugar, and that as he verily believes, the same was imported from some of the Colonies or Plantations in America belonging to and in the Possession of the Crown of Great Britain, and that as he verily believes, the Duty of the said Brown and Muscovado Sugar was duly paid at the time of the Importation thereof, and that the same was duly exported; his Majesty's Searcher also certifying the Shipping thereof, and all other Requisites being duly performed, according to the Book of Rates.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits and Prosecutions for Suits to be com any Offence against this Act ftiail be brought and commenced within two Years after such Offence entcdin T? committed.

XII. And for the better and more effectual carrying this Act into Execution, Be it further enacted, Charge of Pro that the Expense of prosecuting any Offence against this Act shall be paid and born, in the first Place, Jecution how to out of the Shares and Parts of the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby given and granted to his Majesty" " his Heirs and Successors, upon any Seizure, Condemnation and judgement to be had and obtained for or by reason of any Fraud or Misbehaviour against the true Intent or Meaning of this Act.

xlll Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend Sugars may be to Hinder or restrain the Importation of any Sugars, being of the Growth or Produee of any of the Do imported nom minions belonging to the King of Spain, or the King of Portugal, from any Part or Place from whence p'o, jjeuefe do such Sugars might lawfully have been imported before the making of this Act; any 'Filing herein before minions, as for contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. rnuly.

XIV. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That this p relent Act shall betaken to be a Public A aft, of which all Judges and Justices shall take Notice, without specially Pleading the same; and the 26 Geo. ^tc. t.' lame shall continue and be in Force for the Space of five Years, to be computed from the twenty and farther£y' fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and to the end of the then next 1 Gco 3- cof of Parliament. Farther Prvyi

Jions concerting

Plantations, 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 31 fs? 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 <£? 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 f 35, 30 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages, in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester, and for the obviating a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the english Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice held within the said Principality, and for explaining and amending the said Act.

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti s Geo. 2. C jv

tided. An Act to explain, amend and render more rffebual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the i2 Geo. 1.0.33.-

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent vexatious Arreffs, it is ' (inter alia) enabled. That where the Cause of Action (hold not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, in any superior Court,: e Writ, Process, Declaration and all other Proceedings should be in the 'English Tongue, and written in Words at length, in a common legible Hand and Cha ' rafter, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Cases (a Copy of such Process in English having been served, as by the said Act is directed) shall appear at the Return thereof, or within eight Days after such Return: And whereas the Courts of Great sdtions. in the Principality of If Acs, and the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester, ate held only for and during the Space of six Days, '

therefore for the more effectual and speedy Detei initiation of all Actions personal, to be commenced in the said Courts of Great Sessions, and the said Court of Assize respectively, where the Debt or Damages expressed in the said Process, or declared for, do not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, Be it enacted therefore by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con Cent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all fuel) personal Actions where the Debt or Damages as aforesaid, shall ft perform ac not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, to be commenced in the said Courts of Great Sessions and af fi e, and where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in.such Action or Actions, shall sue out an original Wrft or Great Sessions, Process, and fen7e the Defendant or Defendants with a true Copy thereof, by a literate Person, at least con original, eight. Days before the Commencement of the said Courts of Great Sessions and Assize respectively, and ^'elt: ^" dser' shall cause on every Copy of such Process to be written the Notice in the said Act speeined and directed, '" the Defendant or Defendants in such Cases shall appear at the Return of such original Writ or Process, and defendant's. or at or before the third Court to be held in the same respective Courts of Great Sessions and Assize, Nonappearance; and in case the said Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the said original Writ r or Process, or at cr before the said third Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the °ur^: Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Attorney, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper

Court,

120 G. 15. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

Plaintiff, con Court of the personal Service of such Writ or Process as aforesaid (which said Affidavit shall be filed a^dmay°enter 'n fie ^alc^ Gourt, and for the filing whereof there shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling to the proper Appearance for Officer, and no more) to enter an Appearance for such Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed Win. thereon as if the Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance to such Action or Actions; Law or Usage in the said Courts of Great Sessions or of Assize to the contrary liot withstanding.

ss °na{°'f° H Provided always, no Attorney, Bailiff or other Person shall have, take, charge or demand more P; an emcc. tjlan Sum of five Shillings for the making and serving a Copy of such original Writ or Process

issuing out of such Courts of Great Sessions or of Assize, on such Defendant or Defendants respectively as aforesaid.

The Act Geo. '

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether an Act made in the fourth Year of his present ma z. C 26l. That jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Bri courts X ' tain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, sail be in the English Language, doth

fiice shall be extend to the said Courts of Great Sessions and other Courts in the Principality of Wale:, the said

u1 el'5li(w ejt Courts of Great Sessions, and the said other Courts in the said Principality, not being therein men

t n L to ues. i tjonej .> por tpe removing and obviating of such Doubts, be it further enacted, ard it is hereby declared,

That the said last mentioned Act, and all Clauses and Directions therein, shall be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby directed to be deemed and taken to extend to the said Courts of Great Sessions, and all other Courts within tyre said Principality of Wales, in as large, ample and beneficial Manner as if the said Courts of Great Sessions, and the said other Courts in the said Principality, had been particularly mentioned and expressed in the said Act.

Penalties for Of

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall offend against the said fences there last mentioned Act in the said Courts of Great Sessions, or the said other Courts in Wales, that the against the said Penalty expressed in the said Act to be forfeited and paid for such Offence, shall and may be sued for be recovered ani recovered by such Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, either in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in fvefhninjier, as by the said Act is directed, or in the Court of Great Sessions held for the County where the same Offence shall be committed, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs, Process and Returns thereof, and Proceedings thereon, and all Pleadings, Rules, Orders, Indictments, Informations, Inquisitions, Presentments, Verdicts, Prohibitions, Certificates, Patents, Charters, Pardons, Commissions, Records, Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, Bonds, Rolls, Entries, Fines and Recoveries, and all Proceedings relating thereunto, and all Proceedings of Courts Leet, Courts Baron and Custoniary Courts, and all Copies thereof, and all Proceedings whatsoever, in any Courts of Justice within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and winch concern the After March Law and Administration of Justice, may from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand ip, No Pe seven hundred and thirty-three, be written or printed in a common legible Hand and Character, and "urred forab with the like Way of Writing or Printing, and with the like Manner of expressing Numbers by Figures, breviations as have been heretofore or are now commonly used in the said Courts respectively, and with such ab n>eimi?by nor breviations as are now commonly used in the Emlifo Language, and that no Penalty or Punishment shall Technical' nr be incurred, by Virtue of the said recited Act, for any other Offence than for Writing or Printing any Terms, &c. of the Proceedings, or other the Matters and Things above-mentioned, in any Hand commonly called Court Eland, or in any Language except the English Language; nor shall any such Penalty or punishment be extended to the expressing the proper or known Names of Writs or other Process or tech neal Words in the same Language as hath been commonly used, so as the same be written or printed Prosecutions to in a common legible Hand and Character, and not in any Hand commonly called Court Hand and within'^lcnced t^lat Lrofecutions for Offences against the said Act shall be commenced within three Months after Months. the same shall be committed; and that the Several Officers in the several Offices of the King's and the Procet< of Lord treasurer's Remembrancer, and in the Offices of the Clerk of the Pipe, and the Clerk of Estreats the Pipe office, ffi his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, shall and may write and send out, in Process for his Majesty's C maybe iffii service, Rolls or Schedules of all such Debts as have been forfeited and became due and owing to his ed as formerly, fey p^/tajesty, before the said twenty filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, if the Process 'n lhfi same Manner they used to do, provided the Writ or Process to be annexed to the said Rolls or annexed be in Schedules shall be in the Engliflo Tongue and in a common legible Hand, and according to the Direction enp, le aj?d j of the said recited Act; anything in the said Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's common an. Reign? or any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware in the County of Hirford, and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge to the South End of the great Bridge at Wades Mill, and from the great Road at Cheshunt to tyre Welt End of Small Lea Bridge in the said County of Hertford.

PR.

"All Powers granted by the Act u Geo. i. C u. for repairing Enfield Road further continued for 7 "Years, and after 3 May 1733, extended to Wades Mill, C

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II.

C 16, 17. 121

CAP. XVI.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called Saint Johns Bridge in the County of Berls,

to a Place called Fyfield in the said County. PR. '

The Toll took Place from the first Day of June 1733, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years.

[Continued by iz Geo. 2. c. 11.]

CAP. XVII.

An act for repealing an act for laying a Duty on compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the running of Brandies.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof hath not answered the good Purposes thereby intended, and hath been a Discouragement to the distilling of Spirits from Corn in Great Britain, 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, the said Act and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be and is hereby repealed; anything in the said Act to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandizes, it is amongst other Things enacted,

That for every Tun of French Brandy of Angle Proof, imported after the twenty-eighth Day of Fe 4 bruary one thousand six hundred and ninety six, for the Term of thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, there (hold be paid the Sum of thirty Pounds, and for every Tun of French Brandy of double Proof, imported as aforesaid, sixty Pounds, over and above the Duties charged thereupon, without any Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, which said several Duties have been by several Acts of Parliament since continued, and are now payable to his Majesty: whereas the high Duties upon French Brandies have tempted many of the Traders therein to import great Quantities thereof from Flemish Ports, and as German or Flemish Brandy, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue and the fair Trader; 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, the said Duty of thirty Pounds per Tun on French Brandy of single Proof, and sixty Pounds per Tun on French Brandy of double Proof, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable.

III. And to the Intent that no Failure or Deficiency may.accrue or happen in the respective Funds; to which the Duties by this Act determined were appropriated and applicable, by the Determination of the aforesaid Duties; we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have, in Lieu of the said last mentioned Duties hereby determined, freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Duty and Imposition herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, in Lieu of the said Duties hereby determined, there be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after expressed, that is to say,

For every Gallon of single Brandy, Spirits or Aqua Vita imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, one Shilling.

For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits or Aqua vies above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, two Shillings.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates, Duties and impositions shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and accounted for unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, and with such Allowances, as any the Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale or other Liquors are by any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law whatsoever now in Force, enacted, appointed or allowed to be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered and paid; and that so much of the said Acts as are now in Force for the raising, levying, collecting, paying and answering the said Duties of Excise, shall be continued, and be practised, put in Execution and observed, in and for the raising, levying, collecting, managing, ad;

Vol. VI R judging

£ Geo. 2. c. 17.

The said Act after 24 June 1733> repealed.

The Duties imposed by 7 & S W. 3. C 20. on French Brandy repealed.

After 24 June 1733, to be paid, in lieu 01' the Duties pi 30 and 60 i. per Tull,

for Brandy, C imported per Gallon is. Double Brandy ?s.

Appropriated by 9'Geo. 2. C 23.'

To be levied as the Duties of Excise on Beer. Sc C

122

C 17.

Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

piid distinct: i'rom others.

id appropriated to the same Uses as the Duties here

Spirits drawn from Eritifli Com, without

1 w; & M. felt. F. C iz.

judging and answering the said Duties of Excise by this Act granted, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly and at large re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

The Money. Y And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid the several and respective cotnmif arising by these (loners of excise shall pay all the Mpnies that they respectively shall receive of the said Duties (the northeast 'utiesto e cessary Charges of receiving, levying managing and accounting for the lame excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes in this Act expressed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys arising by the said Duties by this Act charged and imposed, shall be appropriated, issued and applied, and the same are

ine wuues norc hereby appropria ed and made payable to the same Uses, Intents and Purposes as the said last mentioned by"determined)" Duties, hereby determined as aforesaid, were appropriated and applicable before the making of this pre seat Act, 'and shall have the same Continuance, and shall be also subject and liable to the same Redemption by parliament as the said last mentioned Duties, hereby determined as aforesaid, were subject and, liable unto,

VII. And for the Encouragement of the Exportation cf Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distiller

Mixture of other or Distillers, or other Person or Persons, to export such Spirits drawn From Com as aforesaid, upon Materials, °'1 Oath made before any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County of Place from whence any such Spirits, drawn from Corn in Great Britain, are intended to be cn o?th anti exported, That the same are drawn from Corn in Great Britain without any Mixture with any other Certificate, C Materials, either native or foreign, and that the Duties of the same are duly entered and paid, and that the same are exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing a Certificate under the Hands of the Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits were shipped, of the Quantity so shipped, and that the same was shipped in the Presence of such Officer, that such distill uiiowed adraw ]er or Distillers, or other Person or Persons, so exporting the same, shall be allowed or paid back by iss. per trim, ^Commissioners of Excise, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be shipped off, the Sum of four Pounds eighteen Shillings for every 'Pun of such Spirits so shipped off, and foin Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity, in full of all Drawbacks and Bounty that can be made for the same, except the Bounty of one Pound ten Shillings for every Tun of such Spirits, which shall be payable at the Customhouse in Manner herein after directed.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for encouraging the Exportation of Corn, an Allowance of two shillings and sixpence per Quarter is to be paid to the Exporter of Barley or Malt, when the same is sold at twenty-four Shillings the Quarter or under: And whereas in the making of a Tun of Spirits drawn from Barley or Malt twelve Quarters of Barley or Malt are made use of, but it is uncertain how much of the said Barley is made into maltfor preventing any Question or Dispute that may arise When Barley is thereupon, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Tun of Spirits drawn from Barley, Quarter, per Malt or other Corn, there shall be paid to the Exporter of the same, by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or other proper Officers belonging to them, when Barley is at twenty-four Shillings 11. los, allowed per Quarter or under, upon such Proof of the Exportation of the same, as by the said Act is directed. Drawback and out of such Duties as are liable to the Payment of the Bounties on Corn exported, the Sum of maitspirits" 0t one Pound ten Shillings, in the same Manner as if the like Quantity of Barley, Malt or other Corn, exported. bad been exported, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Not to alter the

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

Duties payable contained shall extend or be construed, deemed or taken to extend to alter the Duties now paid on on Rum or spi Rum or Spirits that shall be of the Growth or Manufacture of his Majesty's Plantations in America. rlcan Plants X And for the more effectual securing the due Execution by the inferior Officers of his Majesty's tions. Customs of the Provisions in the several Acts for preventing the running of Brandies; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Officer or Officers of the Customs (halt neglect to seize and prosecute any Vessel, Boat, Horses or other Cattle or Carriage which shall be forfeited for the causes wl. Penalty on above-mentioned, every such Officer and Officers being thereof lawfully convicted upon his or their ofcmbrctsr Appearance or Default, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Neglect of hisry the Confession of the Officer or Officers, by or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace off Duty herein. the County, Division or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be found (which Oath such Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby required to administer) the Officer and Officers so convicted shall severally forfeit for every such Neglect the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Informer or Prosecutor; the same to be levied by Distressuand Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid'; and for want of such Distress, every such Offender shall by such justice or Justices be committed to Prison, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months.

iol. Penalty on

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth hawking oriel Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, no Person or Persons shall hawk or sell, or Nng Brandy, C expose to Sale, any Brandy, Strong Waters or other Spirits about the Streets in any Wheelbarrow, or Streets', 6 upon the Water in any Ship, Boat or Vessel, or in any other Manner whatever, or shall sell or expose the same to Sale on any Bulk or Bulks, Shed or Sheds, Stall or Stalls, or on or in any other Place or Places, otlxer than the Dwelling House of the Persons so selling the same, upoa Pain of forfeiting for every

i23

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 18-21\

every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for or near the Place or Places where such last mentioned Offence or Offences shall be committed, and he or they are hereby impowered to hear and determine, upon the Confession of the offender or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnessaf (which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) in a summary Manner, every such Offence or Offences, upon complaint made to him or them thereof within one Calendar Month next after the Offence is committed; and if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences, the said Penalty or Forfeitures shall and may be raised and levied by such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals; and that after the same shall be levied, it shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety into the Hands of the Overseers of, and for the Use of, the Poor of that Parish where any such Offence or Offences shall happen to be committed; and in case any such Person or Persons as shall have been convicted of any stref^offendct such Offence or Offences last mentioned shall refuse to pay the said Sum of ten Pounds, or shall not to be sent to the have Goods and Chattels upon which the same may be levied, the said Justice or Justices of the Peace h°ffe ofcor" shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard re lon; Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month.

see 7 Geo. 2. c. 14.9 Geo. 2. c. 23. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17, 11 Geo. 2. c. 26. ij Geo. 2. c. 25. 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. j7 Geo. 2. c. 17. 19 Geo. 2. c. 12. 20 Geo. 2. C 39. 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 1. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. 2. c. 9 & 2s.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing a Duty of two Pennies Scots or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and sold within the Town of Linlithgow and Liberties thereof, in the County of I Veil Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

The Duty of two Pennies Scots granted by 9 Geo. r. C 20. further continued for 21 Years from sub 1734-

CAP. XIX.

An Act for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon a perpetual Cure, and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein'.

PR.

f The said new Chapel made a perpetual Cure, and vested in the present four Ministers and their Suc "as a Body Corporate. 601, per Ann. allowed to the Ministers, to be paid quarterly. Divine V Offices to be performed therein by Rotation. This Act not to divest the Ministers of any Ecclesiastical "within the Parish. The Wardens of the Church of Tiverton to be Wardens of the new "Chapel, and may dispose of the Pews, C to the Inhabitants, but not to others. The Ministers,

"appoint a Clerk and other Officers, with Salaries not exceeding 10l. per Ann. The Money "raised by Pews, C to be accounted for as belonging to the Parish of Tiverton, but appropriated, in "the first Place, to defray the Charges of the Chapel. The Chapel to be subject to the Jurisdiction "the Bishop of Exon."

CAP. XX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pie Road in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the Roads leading from Yaxley Bull through Eye to Lantern Green hi the said County.

PR.

The Toll took Place the first Day of June 1733, and is to have Continuance for 21 Years.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old street in the Pari ill of Saint Giles Cripplegate, and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called The Lordfnb Part, a distmd Parish, and for impowering the Commissioners for building of the fifty new Churches, to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church Yard, and to ered a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said fifty new Churches.

PR.

"Appointment 0^ 3, 500l. out of the Coal Duties to the Use of the Minister. 120l. per Ann. to be "paid to the Minister quarterly. The new District to be a distinct Parish. 2,0001, to be paid by 25 '

"'june 1733. _ Veftiy may make Rates for buying Necessaries for the Sacrament, UY. The Clerk of "the new Parish to be a Member of the Company of Parish Clerks. The Rector of the new Church "to pay the present Clerk of the old Parish 251, per Ann. On Death or Resignation of the present "the Rector f the new Parish to pay 10l. per Annum to the Rector of the old Parish. 'new Rectory not to be held in Commendam."

124 C 22, 23. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733'.

'., CAP. XXII

An Act for filling up such Part of the Channel of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge, and for converting the Ground, when' filled up, to the Use of the City of London.

PR.

ss Car.?, C 11.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An additional. Aid for the rebuilding of the City of London, uniting of Parishes, and rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, 7 hat for the Convenience of Trade, the Channel of Bridewell Dock, from the Channel of the River of Thames to London Bridge, should be sunk to a fuss cient Level, whereby to makejt navigable, of such Breadth and under such other Limitations as in that Ad is mentioned; and the lolls and other Profits arising by the Navigation were by the said Act ' vested in the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Preservation of the said Navigation, Sluices and other incident Charges thereof: And whereas a Channel was made and levelled pursuant to the said Act, but that Part of the said Channel which lies between Fleet Bridge 1 (at the End of Fleet Street) and Holborn Bridge, is by Experience found to be of no Convenience or Benefit to the Trade of the said City of London, and being dilufed in Navigation, and filled and choked

up with Mud, has been for several Years last pall, and now is, a grievous and dangerous Nuisance,

not only to the neighbouring Inhabitants, but also to Iris majesty's Subjects in general passing and repalfing by the same: 'Wherefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

"Lord Mayor and Citizens of London may fill up Part of Fleet Ditch at their own Expense, and the See "of the Ground thereof vested in them and their Successors for ever. Sufficient Drains to be "made. No Houses or Sheds to be erected thereon exceeding 15 Feet in Height. Saving Clause to "any Persons interested in the Premises.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the elesling and returning such Members, so far as the same relates to the holding of County Courts.

SOUTHWEST.'TT HER EAS by an Act passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King Willi aivt

'-s'*YV the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriff's and other Officers in the electing and return big such Members, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Sheriff of any County, upon the Election to be made of any Knight or Knights of the Shire, should proceed to Election at the next County Court, unless the same should fall out to be held within six Days after the Receipt of the Writy or upon the same Day, and then should adjourn the said Court to some convenient Day, giving ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Election: And whereas by the same Ad it was also enact 4 ed, That all County Courts held for the County of York, or any other County Courts, which were used to be held on a Monday, should from thenceforth be called and begun on a wednesday: And whereas there was no express Provision to prevent the Adjournment of any County Court to a Monday,

whereby Doubts have arisen whether the same might not be adjourned to a Monday, which is declared by the said Act to be a very inconvenient Day to all the Suitors thereunto, which hath given Occasion to County Courts being frequently adjourned over to a Monday, to the great Inconvenience of such Suitors, who at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and their Services at other Times, are thereby obliged to travel on Sundays: And whereas there is no Provision made by the said Act, with relation to

not adjourning County Courts to a Friday or Saturday, which is as inconvenient to all the Suitors as if After »4 June the same were adjourned to a Monday; 'For Remedy whereof be it therefore enacted by the King's s»rtin<greatr mo excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Britain to be ad Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after

iourned to a the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, no County Court what

ta1urday<|ay f°evel held within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be adjourned to a: Monday, a Fridas or Repealod by Saturday, and that all and every such Adjournment and Adjournments, and all and every Act and Deed

as Geo. 2. C 18. done or performed at such Courts so adjourned, shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be utterly null tea 11. and yqid to an Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Custom cr Usage to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding.

But County

II. Provided nevertheless, That any County Court began, hoklen on or adjourned to a Day nof prohibited any othe^days" W this Act, or the said other recited Act, for electing any Knight or Knights of the Shire for any County, maybe adjourn or for hearing and determining Causes, or such other Matters and Business as are usually transacted at ed to those. County Courts within the Limits aforesaid, may be adjourned over from Day today, though the same

Anno sexto Georgii II.

C 24, 25. 125

may happen on a Monday, Friday or Saturday, until such Election or such other Matters as aforesaid be Set farther fully finished and determined: anything in this present Act contained to the contrary, in any wise 8 c 3°*

notwithstanding. y G. ctf.

9 Geo. 2. c. 38.

11 Geo. 2. c. 24.

j^geo, 2. C 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 18 Geo. 2. c. 18. 19 Geo. 2. r. 28. 31 Gw. 2. r. 14. 33 G. 2. C 20,

CAP. XXIV.

act Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill in the County of Hertford to Barley and Royston in the said County.

PR.

The Tolls took Place from the 24th Day of June 1733, and have Continuance for 21 Years. [Continued

by 16 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off one million of south-sea Annuities, and for enabling his Majesty out of the Moneys arisen by Sale of the Lands in che Istand of Saint Christopher, to pay the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal, and ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges by taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for issuing to the Subdean, Treasurer and Steward of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, out of the Moneys reserved for building fifty new Churches within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provisions for the Ministers of the same, four thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church,; and twelve hundred Pounds for finishing the Dormitory belonging thereunto.

Most Gracious Sovereign? E

s' Ann. C 2t'. 10 Am. C 19 Gfjo.

I Geo. 1.

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament g. 'c9assembled, being desirous to have the Public Debts and Encumbrances lessened and discharged, as If' fall as conveniently may be with Regard to Justice and the Public Faith, and at the same Time to raise n.'a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds towards the Supply for the Service of the year7<?«.i. < .5. one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may beg"'

d, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent if 22. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the fi"

C 6, cs. C 16-

any

tivrty

John Baptist

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all cco^ooooj. out7c

such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Acts to be paid out of the same) themoneyinth; -

there shall be issued, paid and applied, a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, towards sinli.'), |furld

the Supply for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three as aforesaid; and the Lords* 1 to be ig of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the High rued towards Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby the Supply of authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly. Year; "14

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such moneys as are^or shall be in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, excdtes and Overplus Moneys, f, ngby°hesfaird" commonly called The Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the Foaft of Saint Michael the arch Fund, to be af angel which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three (after Pay t^rwaais apph metu of or reserving sufficient to pay the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, and such other ciiarg ing S '" Moneys as have been directed by any former al or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) i, oooo.ooool. of

there shall be issued, paid, and applied to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain south-sea Arw

trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, at the said nmtlesl' Feast day, and afterwards quarterly from Time to Time, as the same shall arise, such Sum or sums of Money as shall on such Quarter Day or Days be in the Receipt of Exchequer, for or towards' redeeming Part of the Annuities attending on the' Capital Stock of Annuities remaining due to the said Company, until the same Payments shall in the whole amount to the sum of one million Sterling; and that as the said Payments of Principal Money shall be from Time to Time made, a proportional Part of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, and of the Annuities attending, thereon, and of the Allowance for Charges of Management, shall also from Time to Time cease and determine for the Benefit of the Public: But as it may so happen, that on the said Feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel which shall be in the Year of onr Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty three there may not be, sufficient Money in the Exchequer, arisen from the said Surplusses, to satisfy

and --

126 C 25. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

and pay the said entire Sum of one million, and the said south-sea Company may desire then to receive the whole Sum in one entire Payment, in order to make one Distribution of the whole among: ! all the Proprietors of their said Capital Stock of Annuities at one Time; Be it further enacted by the Autho treasury may rity aforesaid, That upon Application being made by the said Company to the Commissioners of his borrow Money majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and

on the fallfund giving them Notice of such their Desire to have and receive the said one million in one entire Pay

to supply Defi ment ten Days at leall before the said Feast day, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com

mifltoners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, by Warrant under their Hands to permit or suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer so much Money, as together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one million, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof, in the mean Time, after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum; and in such case the Money so to be lent or advanced, shall be issued and paid to the said Company, together with the Moneys then remaining in the Exchequer of the said Surpluses, to complete the Payment of the said entire Sum of one million; and the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise from the said sur plufles, shall quarterly be issued and applied to discharge and satisfy such Loans with the Interest thereof, in the due Order and common Course of the Exchequer, in cases of Loans; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Sea Company shall forthwith, upon the Receipt of the said Sum of one million, or as soon after as conveniently may be, divide out, and distribute the same as near as conveniently may be done, amongst all the several Proprietors of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, towards sinking and discharging so much of their Shares or Interests in the said Capital Stock of Annuities, by even and equal Dividends amongst them all, in Proportion to their respective Shares or Interests therein.

IV. And to the End, Intent and Purpose that all trust Estates and Interests in the said Capital Stock of Annuities of the south-sea Company may be preserved and improved for the Benefit of the Persons concerned therein, with the least Expense and Inconvenience to them; Be it enacted by the Au

ttruft Estates thority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments to be preserved. or Dividends shall be made of the Capital of any such Annuity Stock, as shall be veiled in any Person or Persons in Trust for other Persons, who have or claim diitindl or different Interests therein, or for any other Ends or Purposes, for which the Capital Sum or Annuity ought to be preserved entire, such Payments or Dividends of the Capital Stock of Annuities shall not be paid oi applied as Dividends of Profit, Annuity or Interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise disposed of at Interest; for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees, who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion, to layout or dispose of the same or

any Part thereof, in the Purchase of so much other Capital Stock of the same Kind, as at the current Market Price of such Annuity Stock the Moneys received for such Dividends shall, as near as conveniently maybe, extend to purchase; which new purchased Stock of Annuities shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such Trustees respectively, by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed or acknowledged before one of the Matters of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Moneys in the said Receipts were the Produce of the said Dividends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, (which Signing or Acknowledg ste farther con ment such Matters in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take, and each and every such Master terning South before whom the same shall be done, shall at the same time certify the same, by subscribing his Name

Cap. 2^3 thereto, for doing whereof such Master shall be paid for each Certificate one Shilling and no more)

7 Geo. 2. c. 17. then and in every such Case, the Annuity Stock mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall re 9 Geo. 2. c. 34. spedlively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trulls, for the Benefit of the same Persons, 20 Geo. 2'. f. I?' ?nc fr the same Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes, as the rest of the trust Annuity Stock remaining 24 Geo. 2'. C 2 in such Trustees respectively will or ought to be subject and liable to; and such Trustees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges or Damages, on account of their so

26 Geo. 2. f. 16. doing at^Expense of the raid trust Estates.

lj°t to hinder V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Trust Monlfsln rehra'n or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or disposing of any of the said trust Moneys in other Securities, any other rurchafes or any other Securities, whether public or private, if they shall so think fit, in the same Manner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves as they might have done if this Act had not been made.

So,000l. out of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Money arisen by Sale of in^sf^hriftol le Lands 'n^Iflartcl of Saint Christopher, now remaining in the Exchequer, there be issued and applied pher's istand" the Stun of eighty thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, granted as the without any Deduction, See or Reward whatsoever; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any tion of the^prfn w'^e notwithstanding.

cess Royal, 1* "

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after satisfying and paying, or reserving and 10,000l. to sufficient to satisfy and pay the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, by this Act granted as a Marriage por the Colony of tion to Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, there shall and may be issued and applied, out of the Georgia. Money arisen by Sale of the Lands in the Island of Saint Christopher, now remaining in the Exchequer,

eiencies.

The Money to be equally dish ibuted to the Proprietors.

Anno sexto Georgii II.

25-

12 7

fira&si

Services.

the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, to be applied towards defraying the Charges of carrying over and settling foreign and other Protestants in the said Colony.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming The anpropria into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one at of this Session of Parliament, ft011 °>, he mointituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part oj Great Bri session. tain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts, and lo much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other ajt of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tan to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted out of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at or before the Feast day of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and also the Sum of thirty-three thousand one hundred forty-three Pounds six Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer for Arrears of former Land Taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

IX. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred thirty-one thousand four hundred ninety-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, I or or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his majel'ty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards extraordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards other Services of the Navy performed and to be performed.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, 10,000l. for there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand?; ?; Pounds, upon Account, for and towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better p' Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there 70, 1801. 17s, shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy nine thousand &jjn!, nrcehe one hundred eighty Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service not provided for by Parliament.

XII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine hundred seven thousand five hundred ninety-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum of Money not exceeding six hundred fifty-one thousand four hundred eighty 651'^4, 1; '7 s four Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of seventeen f0^'guarcunn5,; thousand seven hundren and nine Men, including Commission and non commission Officers and Inva and Can irons, »lids, for Guards, Garisons and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other fc.'? Great his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Forces britam'

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not 164*835l. 8s. exceeding one hundred sixty four thousand eight hundred thirty-five Pounds eight Shillings and one foj nje'santa penny halfpenny for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and tions, C Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 15, 1281: 15s, twenty-five thousand one hundred twenty-eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence, upon Account or chelfra for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; ° pta'

and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven.thousand two hundred fifty six Pounds eight Shil 7, 256l. 8s. 2 d. lings and twopence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred, and not pro lor exuaordi vided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-five thousand seven hun na, 7 emces. dred seventeen Pounds five Shillings, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's j&frlpay i)ffi r Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; subject neverthe cers. lei's to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand one hundred 3, 1701. for.wi seventy Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land do"y° al

9°7.59? 13*.

10 d. for the Land Forces.

Forces

pay Officers.

128 C 25. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen) for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; which said Sum of three thousand one hundred and seventy Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lids or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty by such or the like Warrant or Warrants shall be graciously pleased to direct or appoint,

'vor Defic'i

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, enc ies°^n the' there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and Year 1731. twenty-one thousand three hundred ninety five Pounds three Shillings and fourpence, towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two.

43>27'tl- 19s-

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, lies the Ge*there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-three thou neral Fund. sand two hundred seventy four Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence, for making good the Deficiency of the Fund commonly called The General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, for

forts of the"a le Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two; and any Sum or Sums

African company. f Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Seto, 784). to Will tlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum liam Strode. or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand seven hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to be applied and paid to the Trustees of William Strode an Infant, in full Satisfaction of all their Demands on, Claims to or Interest in certain Lands and Buildings thereon, called The Lambhay, in or near Plymouth in the County of Dev oil, and now in the Possession of the Crown.

The aforesaid

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued on?" to the Ufa or app^e(lt0 any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mention directed. ed, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments, directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XVI. And as to the said Sum of fifty-five thousand seven hundred seventeen Pounds five Shillings, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and de ^uiej -° ob, plared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed

cation of tlwp n die Application thereof; that is to say, that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same,

half-pay. who was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had

no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

5 Geo. 2. c. 17. C

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund by paying off one million of south-sea Stock; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders lost, burnt or otherwise defrayed, several Sup ' plies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand six hundred eighty eight Pounds two Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared, That so much Overplus Moos the said Sum of fifty-eight thousand six hundred and eighty eight Pounds two Shillings, as is or shall reduced Offi ° more than Efficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act eers, 1732, to prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be be disposed of disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as of" by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under After Tune is majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Actor the said 2733, the wages former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

and Allowance

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty rfourth onemanh!every ay Jme one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, there shall be allowed upon the Books of Hundred, ° in y every Ship of War, in Sea Pay, a Man in every hundred Men, that the Compliment of such Ship of Ships of War, to War shall consist of, and that the Produce of the Wages of each such Seaman, and Value of his Victuals, irahef of offi he Slven and applied to the Relief of the poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the cers Widows. - Royal

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 26. 129

£7 17.

j4 gvo. 2. C

31 2.

Royal Navy, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as his Majesty hath established and ap cmeermng sta p in ted, or shall establish and appoint for that Purpose; and the principal Officers and of of ", c\frl\ltrr the Navy Royal, now and for the Time being, and all other Persons herein concerned, shall and are 1 Lcn.\? ?. % hereby authorised and empowered to give Allowance on such Ships Books of the said one Man in every nfa' hundred Men born thereupon accordingly.

17 Geo. 2. c. 34. 18 Geo 2. e, 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. z^cco. 2. C 47.

CXIX. And whereas on or about the nineteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, an humble Address of the Commons in Parliament was presented to his Majesty, that he would be pleased to authorise and require the Officers of the Mint to allow four rounds one Shilling per Ounce Troy to all such Persons as Should bring any of the Gold Coins of twenty-five Shillings or twenty-three Shillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, into the Mint for the Space of one Year and to coin the same into the other current Gold Coins of this Kingdom; and it was on the twentieth Day of the said February resolved by the said Commons, That the Charge and Wafie in melting the said Broad Pieces and any Halves and Quarters thereof, and the Defi ciency which shall be occasioned by receiving the same into the Mint at the Rate of four Pounds and one Shilling per Ounce Troy, be made good out of the Moneys that have arisen or shall arise by the Coinage Duty: And his Majesty, by a Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual bearing Date the twenty eighth Day of the said February, did authorise and command the Officers of his Majesty's Mint to receive by Weight from all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate, or any of them, all such of the e said Coins as shall be brought into the Mint within the Space of one Year and to cause the same to be melted down into Ingots, and to be coined into the current Gold Coins of this Kingdom, and also to allow to the Importers of such Gold Coins as aforesaid four Pounds one Shilling per Ounce Troy for every Ounce troy be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That deficiencyocca the Deficiency which will be occasioned by taking the said Gold Coins into the Mint at the Rate of four ^fe"he

Pounds one Shilling per Ounce prov, during the Space of one Year and the Charges of receiving, Broad Pieces to melting and allaying the same, and of the Waste thereupon, be supplied or made good out of the Mo be supplied out nies which have arisen or sit all arise by the Duty commonly called Tie Coinage Duty; any former Act pjty!comase or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Treasury may for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to issue and mmfter Abby, 'pay, or cause to be issued and paid, out of the Moneys reserved for building fifty new Churches within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provision for the Ministers of the same, unto the Sub dean, Treasurer and Steward of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westmin jier for the Time being, the Sum of four thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church, to be employed and laid out thereupon in such Manner, as to the Dean and Chapter of the same Church, or the major Part of them, shall seem most necessary; and also to issue and pay to the said sub dean, and 1, 2001. for Treasurer and Steward the further Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds, for finishing the Dormitory fi01111?: tlle belonging to the said Collegiate Church, by and under the Direction of the said Dean and Chapter as orrrmor>r. aforesaid j anything in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to prevent the Coining or Counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces.

EXP.

WHEREAS upon an humble Address of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, his Majesty was pleased, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to issue his Royal Proclamation bearing Date the twenty first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, prohibiting all Persons to receive or utter in Payment, by Tale, any of the Gold Coins of twenty-five Shillings or twenty-three Shillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof; and was also graciously pleased, in order to give Ease to his People, and to prevent any considerable Loss on account of the Prohibition of the Currency of the said Gold Coins, by his said Proclamation to charge and command all the Collectors and Receivers of the Revenues and Taxes, for and during the Space of one Year from the said twenty first of February, to receive such Gold Coins at the Rate of four Pounds and one Shilling per Ounce Troy in all Payments on account of such Revenues and Taxes, and also to authorise, command and require the Officers of the Mint within the said Time to receive all such Gold Coins as aforesaid as should be brought into the Mint, and to coin the same into other current Gold Coins of this Kingdom, and to allow for such Gold Coins so to be brought in after the said Rate of four Pounds and one Shilling per Ounce Troy:' Now to the Intent that evil minded Persons may not, for the Sake of the Advantages allowed for bringing in such Gold Coins, be induced to forge, counterfeit or coin the same, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Before 21 Feb. 1733, Persons guilty of counterfeiting or coining Broad Pieces shall suffer as in High Treason.]

That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, on or before the twenty first of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, shall forge, counterfeit or coin any of the said Gold Coins of twenty-five Shillings or twenty-three Shillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, or any other Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, or shall utter or vend any of the said Gold

130 c. 27. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

Coins, knowing them to be so forged, counterfeited or coined as aforesaid, then all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Counsellors, Procurers, Aiders and Abettors in that Behalf shall be and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and being of the said Offences, or any of them, convicted or attainted, according to the Order and Course of the Laws of this Realm, shall suffer Death as in Cases of High Treason.

[40l. Reward on convicting such Offender,]

II. And for the better Discovery of Offenders in the Premisses, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person, who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons who have been or shall be guilty of forging, counterfeiting or coining any of the said Gold Coins, or of uttering or vending the same, knowing them to be so forged, counterfeited or coined as aforesaid, and shall prosecute such Person or Persons, until he, she or they be convicted of such Offences, or any of them, shall have and receive, from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Conviction shall be made, for every such Offender so convicted, the Sum of forty Pounds, to be paid, distributed and defrayed in the same to be paid as the Manner,

[to be paid as the Reward by the Act 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 3. against Clipping.]

as the Sum of forty Pounds by an Act made in the sixth and seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, is to be defrayed, distributed and paid to any Person who shall discover, prosecute and convict any Person or Persons of counterfeiting or any ways diminishing the current Coin of this Realm, and shall also be entitled to all such Gold Coins called Broad Pieces so forged, counterfeited or coined, or knowingly uttered or vended as aforesaid, which shall be found in the Custody or Possession of or shall belong to such Forgers, Counterfeiters, Coiners, Utterers or Venders of the same.

[Offenders on convicting others entitled to his Majesty's Pardon,]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being out of Prison, who shall have been guilty of forging, counterfeiting or coining any of the said Gold Coins called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, or of uttering or vending any of the same, knowing them to be so forged, counterfeited or coined as aforesaid, shall discover one or more Persons, who have been or shall be guilty of the same Crimes, or of any of them, so as one or more of the Persons so discovered shall be convicted of the same, any such Discoverer or Discoverers shall have, and is and are hereby entitled to, the gracious Pardon, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all such Crimes against this Act, which he, she or they have committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery made;

[and if Apprentices, declared Freemen.]

and if the Person making such Discovery be an Apprentice, he shall be deemed and and taken and is hereby declared a Freeman, and shall and may exercise any lawful Trade, Profession or Mystery with all Liberties and Privileges, and in as full and ample Manner, as if the said Person had served the full Time of his Apprenticeship; any Law, Custom, Statute or Ordinance to the contrary, notwithstanding.

[But not to extend to Corruption of Blood, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or any Thing herein contained, or any Attainder or Attainders of any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Act, shall not in any wise extend or be judged, interpreted or expounded to make any Corruption of Blood to any the Heir or Heirs of such Offender or Offenders, or to make the Wife of any such Offender to lose or forfeit her Dower of or in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or her Title, Action or Interest to the same.

[Offences how to be tried.]

V. And that all and every Person or Persons that shall or may be accused or impeached of any of the Offences made Treason by this Act, shall and may be indicted, arraigned, tried, convicted and attainted by suchlike Evidence and in such Manner and Form, as now are or may, by the Laws of this Realm, be had or used against any Offender or Offenders for counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

[Prosecutions to be commenced in 6 Months after the Fact.]

VI. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless the Prosecution against him or her shall be commenced within six Months after such Offence committed.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors.

[2 Geo. 2. c. 23.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act' y, Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty no Person, who should not before the said first Day of December have been sworn, admitted and inrolled, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, should be permitted to act as an Attorney, or to sue out any Writ or Process, or to commence, carry on or defend any Action or Actions or any Proceedings, either before or after Judgement obtained, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, in any of the Courts of Law in the said Act mentioned, unless such person should have been bound by Contrast in Writing to serve as a Clerk,

for and during the Space of rive Years, to an Attorney duly and legally sworn and admitted, as in the said Act is directed, in some crone of the Courts therein mentioned, and that such Person for and during the said Term of five Years, should have continued in such Service, and also unless such Person, after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, should be examined, sworn, admitted and inrolled in the same Manner as the Persons who should be admitted Attorneys of the said Courts are therein requi red to be examined, sworn admitted and inrolled: 'Now for the Relief of Persons who have served for and during the Space of five Years, as Clerks to Attorneys or Solicitors in any of the Courts of Law or Equity in the said Act mentioned, and have not been bound by Contracts in Writing, and who were by Sickness prevented from being sworn, admitted and inrolled Attorneys, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and for the Relief of Persons who have served as Clerks to such Attorneys or Solicitors for and

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 28. 131

during the Space of five Years, and have been bound by Contracts in Writing, but have not served for and during the Space of five Years since the Dates of such Contrails, or who, being Sons of such attorneys or Solicitors, have served as Clerks to their respective Fathers for and during the Space of five Years, but have not been bound by Contrails in Writing; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every such Person Relief for per being first examined and approved, as by the said Act is directed, shall and may, on or before the last Day sans notinroiied of Atichaehnas Term which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, be qualified to be sworn, admitted and enrolled an Attorney in the several and respective Courts in Lid Act. the said Act mentioned; any 'f iling in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. Persons admit

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who hath been by virtue ted Attorneys in of the said Act admitted an Attorney in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall and any Court at may be capable of being admitted to praitife as an Attorney in any inferior Court of Record, provided my beadmft such Person be in all other Reipeils capable and qualified to be admitted an Attorney according to the ted in inferior Usage and Custom of such inferior Court: anything in the said Act contained to the contrary in any Courts, if otherwise notwithstanding. fied yqu

Concerning Attorneys, see farther 12 Geo. 2. c. 13. 22 Geo. 2. c. 46.3 Geo. 2. c. 26. 33 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the converting a further Part of the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company into Annuities redeemable by Parliament, and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament of the ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First,

[Recital of the

intituled, An Act for reviving and adding two millions to the Capital Stock of the South £9e0'

Sea Company, and for reviving a proportional Part of the yearly Fund payable at the Exchequer, and for dividing their whole Capital (after such Division made) into two equal Parts or Moieties, and for convert

one of the said Moieties into certain Annuities for the Benefit of the Members, and for settling the re mailing Moiety in the said Company, and for continuing for one Tear longer the Provision formerly made against requiring special Bail in Actions or Suits upon such Contrails as are therein mentioned, it was amongst other Things enabled. That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand feveti hundred and twenty-three the whole Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery,

commonly called The south-sea Company, should be divided and separated into two equal Parts or Moieties, and that one Moiety thereof should be converted into a Joint Stock, attended with certain Annuities payable out of the Funds of the said Company, as in the said Act is provided, and should

thenceforth be called The Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities; and that the other Moiety Should remain in the said Company as their capita'l Stock, attended with the Residue of the said Annuities or Funds, payable at tyre Exchequer, and also with the several Sums settled and allowed for Charges of

Management, and with all other Benefits, Profits of Trade, Privileges and Advantages then belonging to the said Company, as in and by the said Ail, Relation being had thereto, may appear: And where as in pursuance of several subsequent Acts of Parliament the said Capital Stock of the said Company hath by Redemption been reduced to fourteen millions six hundred fifty-one thousand one hundred and three Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny, or thereabouts; and the said Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities hath by Redemption been reduced to fifteen millions six hundred fifty-one thousand ninety nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and five Pence, or thereabouts; And whereas it is judged adviseable and necessary, and also conducive to the better establishing of public Credit, to make a further and larger Reduction of the said Capital Stock of the said Company, by dividing the same into Annuities and a Trading Stock: 'May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Acivice and Consent of tyre Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from After 24 June and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three the whole Capital c7mta\hstwl|<of Stock of the said south-sea Company, which doth by Computation amount to fourteen millions LIX hun thtsouth sea died and fifty-one thousand and one hundred and three Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny as aforesaid; company to be and the Shares of the respective Members and Proprietors of and in the same, shall be divided and fepa 'aivljj.ep, " "four rated into four equal Parts, and the same from thenceforth shall be deemed and adjudged to be divided and equ'* am' separated accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That three of the said four equal Parts, Three Parts of or tlrree fourth Parts of the said Capital Stock so divided and separated, which three fourth Parts or inverted imo three Parts in four will by Computation amount to ten millions nine hundred eighty eight thousand three Annuities hundred twenty seven Pounds eleven Shillings and three Farthings shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, be converted into a Joint Stock, attended with certain Annuities payable out of tyre Funds of the said south-sea Company, in Lieu and full Recompense of all the Dividends, Profits and Advantages which such three fourth Parts or three Parts in four of the said Capital Stock are now entitled to (that is to say) with Annuities after the Rate of four at 4l. percent, Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, and that the same three fourth Parts or three Parts in four so converted into such Joint Stock shall from thenceforth be called The new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities; and that

132

The other fourth Part to continue as a Trading Stock.

C 28.

Anno sexto Georgii II.

The said Annuities to be paid quarterly, in full of all Profits, by the Company,

who are to receive the same at the exchequer in Trust for the Annuitants.

the allowances made to the Company for Charges of Management, C continued.

Proprietors of the Trading Stock entitled to all Benefus of Trade.

half yearlyac count to be laid before the ge neralcoui t, who are to appoint the Dividend.

Dividend not to exceed 4 i. percent, till company's Debts be paid.

A.D. 1733.

the other fourth Part or one Part in four of the said whole Capital Stock, amounting by Computation to three millions six hundred sixty two thousand seven hundred seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and a Farthing, shall remain, continue and be in the said south-sea Company as a trading or Capital Stock in their own Right, attended with the P, efidue of the said Annuities or Funds, which are payable at the Exchequer to the said Company for their whole Capital, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, and also attended with the several Sums settled and allowed for Charges of Management, and with all Moneys, Effedfs, Benefits, Profits of Trade, Debts, Dependencies, Privileges and Advantages now due, owing or belonging to the said south-sea Company, subject as the same is hereafter made subject.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Member and Members, Proprietor and Proprietors, having any Share or interest, cn the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, of or in the said three fourth Parts or three Parts in four of the said Capital Stock, amounting to the said Sum of ten millions nine hundred eighty eight thousand three hundred twenty seven Pounds eleven Shillings and three Farthings, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, in Lieu and full Recompense of and for such his and their Share and Shares therein, and of the proportional Annuities or Funds, Dividends, Profits and Advantages, which belonged to every such Share or Shares before the making of this Act, shall at the Times hereafter mentioned have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled, by Force ard Virtue of this Adito have, receive and enjoy, free of all Charges, one or more certain Annuity or Annuities, to be computed after the said fate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the said Sum of ten millions nine hundred eighty eight thousand three hundred twenty seven. Pounds eleven Shillings and three Farthings, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, until Redemption by Parliament, and proportional Annuities for any greater or lesser Sums; and the said south-sea Company shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June open thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, have and receive, and be entitled by Virtue of this Act to have and receive at the Exchequer, out of the Duties, Revenues and Incomes charged with their whole Annuities or Funds payable there, the Annuity to attend tyre said three fourth Parts or three Parts in four so as aforesaid converted into the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, until Redemption by Parliament as aforesaid, by weekly or other Payments, as the whole Funds or Annuities of the same Company are now payable to them; nevertheless in Trust and for the Benefit of the Annuitants, or the Members or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, according to their respective Interests therein; and the said south-sea Company iliali, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, have and receive, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have and receive in their own Right at the Exchequer, in the same Manner as, their whole Funds or Annuities are now payable, the Residue of the said Annuities or Funds, as the Annuity or Fund to attend the said remaining Trading Stock of the said south-sea Company hereby intended to be continued in the said Company as aforesaid, till Redemption thereof by Parliament; and shall also, until fuel) Redemption, have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled to have, receive and enjoy the said Allowances made and to be made for Charges of Management as aforesaid, and shall also be entitled to all the Moneys, Effects, Debts and Dependencies V hatsoever due, owing or belonging to the said south-sea Company, and also to hold, exercise and enjoy all the Profits of Trade and other Privileges and Advantages belonging to the said Company before the making of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Members or Proprietors having any Share or Shares, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, in the said remaining fourth or one Part in four of the said Capital Stock to be continued in the said south-sea Company, and be their Trading Stock as aforesaid, his, her and their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively shall have and be entitled to proportional Shares of and in the said Annuities or Funds attending the same, and alfc all the Moneys, Effects, Debts and Dependencies aforesaid, and all Benefits of Trade, Advantages and Benefits whatsoever belonging and remaining in the said south-sea Company, and the said Allowances made and to be made for Charges of Management, solely and exclusively from the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities.

V. And for the better preventing any Exceedings in Dividends to be made by the said south-sea Company for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Accomptant of the said Company shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, twice in every Year (that is to say) at christmas and Mtdfimmer, or within one Month, after, date and prepare an Account of the said company's Affairs, which shall be laid before the next General Court of the said Company, in order to their declaring a Dividend; and that all Dividends to be declared and made by the said south-sea Company to the several Members and Proprietors thereof shall be declared and made oik of the clear Revenue and Profits of the said Company, after the current Payments of Interest and other Outgoings, Charges and Expenses of the said Company shall be thereout first allowed and deducted; and that such Dividends shall not, at the respective Titnds of making thereof, exceed in the whole what the said Company at such respective Times, according to their then Circumstances and Ability (any sudden or unforeseen Losses which may happen to the said Company in their Trade, or otherwise, excepted) can or may reasonably divide, without incurring any farther Debt on their said Trading or Capital Stock, so near as the same can be computed; provided that the said Company shall not at any Time divide more than after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until their present Debts and Encumbrances shall be cleared and paid off; and the said South

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 28. 133

Sea Company in the State and Condition it shall he in, from and after the said Separation and Division of their present Capital Stock into a new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, and a Trading Stock of the said Company as aforesaid, and also their laid Trading Stock, and the Fund or Annuities attending The Trading the same, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and °j\h> thirty-three, remain and be solely and exclusively from the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, the Company's liable and subject to and chargeable with all the Debts, Demands, Charges and Encumbrances what Debts contrafi soever, which the said south-sea Company shall, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand CD after 24 June seven hundred and thirty-three, or at any Time hereafter, 'be liable and subject to or chargeable with, 733' on any Account whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Joint Stock of the South Annuities to Sea Annuities shall become due and payable, and be accounted to be due and payable, from the Feast Midfafrmcr6 Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and the first Payment thereupon shall be made for the half Year to end at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ

then next following, and the subsequent Payments from thenceforth half yearly (videlicet) on the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist and the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ in every Year, by even and equal Portions, and at the Rate before mentioned, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Provisoes and Powers of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trading Stock Trading Capital and the Fund attending the same tliall be subject and liable and are hereby charged he regularpa» and chargeable with and for the due and regular Payment of the Annuity attending or to attend the men: of anr.i said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, as also for the like regular and due Payment of the sorties

mer Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, at the respective Times appointed for Payment of or demanding the same.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Company shall, at the Time of such Demand, have received the Annuity payable to them at the Exchequer; and on Failure of paying the same, or any Part Failure, t.s thereof, at such Times or within sixty Days after, if lawfully demanded, then such Trading Stock and illjj jfj) Fund shall also be subject and liable and charged and chargeable with the Payment of Interest from cent 5 the Time of such Demand, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for all such Parts of such Annuities, as shall be so demanded and not paid as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or New Stock of

Times hereafter any Deficiency shall happen in the Produce of all or any of the Funds of the said Annuities to south-sea Company, to be continued to the said Company in their own Right as aforesaid, then and tionaf Far of" in every such Case so happening the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, in respect of their Part Deficiency in of the said Funds, and the said south-sea Company, in lefpebl of their Part of the said Funds, flail pjr_

from Time to Time feve ally and respectively bear a proportional Part of every such Deficiency, until liament. yra> the same shall be provided for and made goodbye Authority of Parliament, when the same shall be

made good and answered to the Persons respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators or af signs, to whom the deficient Sums should have been or ought to be paid, if the Deficiency had not happened.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Company shall from south seacom* Time to Time have and be entitled to the like Remedies, Ways and Means for receiving and recover frfwi^es^'&c*31 ing the said Moneys hereby intended for the Payment of the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities which they had as aforesaid, during the Continuance thereof, as they might have had or used for receiving or recovering before thssepa their whole Annuities or Funds at the Exchequer, if no such Division or Separation had been made, rauon> nevertheless in Trust as aforesaid; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Freed ms.

Immunities, Exemptions and other Advantages, and ail Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities,

and all Restrictions, Savings, Rules and Dirediens, and all Clauses, Matters and Things, which were enacted or provided by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or Laws which were in Force at or until the Time of making this Act, for better securing tile whole Capital Stock and Payment of the Funds of the said south-sea Company, or preventing or punching the Forging or Counterfeiting any Dividend Warrant, or any Transfers or Assignments of any Annuities, or any such Offences as are comprehended and described in one Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of s Geo. i. o. is. his late majesty (of glorious Memory) entitled (amongst other Things) An Act to prevtnt the Mischiefs by forging Powers to transfer such Stocks, or to receive such Annuities or Dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently personating the true Owners thereof, or any Powers relating thereto, shall be revived, continued, and be practised and put in Execution as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions and other Advantages, Pains of Death and other Penalties, Forfeitures' and Disabilities, re ftribtions, Savings, Rules and Directions were again repeated and particularly re enabled. in the Body of this present Adito be in Force, as to, for and concerning the said new Joint Stock, of south-sea Annuities, and all the Matters aforesaid, in any wise relating lherete.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proportional Share and Annuitants Shares which all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, upon such s1, aes r°jfr'r Division and Separation as aforesaid, flail have and be entitled unto, of or in the said cew Joint Stock Boote" cf south-sea Annuities, shall after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three be written off from the present Books of the said Company into proper Books for that Purpose.

134 C 28. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

be free from

XII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities created by this Taxes, Ad, an[j aj] an(] every the Principal Sums for which the said several Annuities are to be payable, and

whereupon they shall be computed pursuant to this Act, and every of them, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever. ha deemed a

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities shall, to all Perfoml Eftatf, Intents and Purposes, be and be deemed a Personal Estate, and not to be descendable to the Heir, nor be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise.; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Principal Moneys in the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, for which the said several and respective Annuities shall pursuant to this Act be payable as aforesaid, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be a Joint Stock, on and transferra which the same Annuities shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, Body and

ble. Bodies Politic and Corporate, in Proportion to such their respective Annuities, shall have and be deemed,

reputed and taken to have a Share in such Joint Stock, and that the same Joint Stock, or any Share or Shares therein, and the proportional Annuity and Annuities attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable, as this Act directs, and not otherwise; that the said south-sea Company, shall cause to be constantly kept, within some convenient Place within the City of London, an Office and a Book or Books, in which all Assignments or Transfers of the said new Joint Stock of south-sea. Annuities as aforesaid, and of the proportional Annuities attending the same, or any Part or Parcel thereof, shall be fairly entered and registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Method of Purpose, and shall be ligned by the Party making such Assignment or Transfer, or, if the Party be

transferring. absent, by his, her or their Attorney, thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, his, her or their Attorney do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock and Annuities to attend the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law.

Annuities may

XV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such new Joint Stock of south-sea be bequeathed. Annuities, or any Interest therein, may bequeath the same in the same Manner as any other personal Estate may be bequeathed.

No Stamp Du

XVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Stamp Duties whatsoever ties for Trans shall be chargeable upon any the Transfers or Assignments of the said new Joint Stock of south-sea sets Annuities.

The aforesaid

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the said south-sea Division not to Company, and their General Courts, their Courts of Directors, and Committees, and all their Officers lessen the Com and Ministers whatsoever, as also all the respective Members of the said Company, their Executors, lowers crim Administrators, Successors and Assigns for the Time being, in Respect of the said remaining fourth munities. Part, or one Part in four, of the said Capital Stock, to be continued in and to the said Company as a Trading Stock as aforesaid, and in Respect of the said Residue of the said Annuities or Funds attending or to attend the said Trading Stock, and in Respect of the said Allowances for Charges of Manager ment and in Respect of all the Shares and Interests of the said Members and Proprietors of and in the same, and every of them, and in Respect of all Moneys, Effects, Debts, Dependencies, Demands, Dividends, Profits and Advantages which are to belong and remain to the said south-sea Company in their own Right as aforesaid, shall and may have, exercise and execute, and shall be entitled, by Force and Virtue of this Act, to have, exercise and execute all such and the like Powers, Authorities and Capacities, and to have, receive and enjoy such and the like Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions from Taxes, and other Exemptions and Privileges, and such and the like Benefits of Trade, and other Benefits, Profits and Advantages (other than in Cases touching which different or other Provisions or Directions are made and given in and by this Act) as the said south-sea Company, or their General Courts, Courts of Directors, Committees, Officers or Ministers, or the Members of the said Company, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively might have had, exercised or executed, or might have received or enjoyed, if this Act had not been made; subject nevertheless to such and the like Rertridions, Savings, Rules and D redions as they respectively were subject to before the making of this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Freedoms, Immunities, Exemptions, Benefits of Trade, and other Benefits, Profits and Advantages, and all Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabi iities, and all Restrictions, Savings, Rules and Directions, and all Clauses, constitutions, bylaws, Orders, Matters and Things whatsoever, which were enacted or lawfully provided or establishea in, by or pursuant to any Act or Acts of Parliament, Laws or Provisions whatsoever, which were in For. e at or until the Time of making of this Act, for better securing the whole Capital Stock of the said south-sea Company, or for securing and paying their whole Annuities cr Funds at the Exchequer, by weekly or other Payments, or for, touching or concerning the Assigning or Transferring the same, or any Shares therein, or for Payment of the said Allowance for Charges of Management, or for preventing or punishing the Fc rging or Counterfeiting any Transfer or Transfers, assignment or Assignments, or any Letters of Attorney to transfer or assign any of the Stock of the said south-sea Company, or for personating any Person, or demanding such Stock, by Virtue of any such forged Writing, or for Forging or Counterfeiting any of the said company's Bonds or Indorsements thereon, or any Dividend Warrants made for the same, or for publishing any such forged or counterfeit Writings, knowing the same to be such, or any Powers relating thereto, or the Bonds or Obligations of tyre said Company, or for securing the Trade thereof, or any ways relating thereto, are and shall, by

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II.

C 28. 1.35

Force and Virtue of this present Act, be revived and continued, and be practised and put in Execution as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, Benefits of Trade, and other Benefits, Profits and Advantages, Restrictions, Savings, Rules and Directions were again repeated and particularly re enabled in the Body of this present Act; other than and except in such Cases, touching which different or other Provisions or Directions are made and given in and by this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said south-sea Com Sub governor; pany, or any. Member thereof, (full not incur any Disability for or byreason of this act, nor shall deputy cover the present Sub governor or Deputy governor, nor any of the present Directors, be deemed to be dif not dif ualffst' qualified to continue Sub governor, Deputy governor or Director, after the said Separation or Divi to a as such, non of the said Capital Stock, and until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred till 25 dec. 1733, and thirty-three, for or by Reason of their not having remaining, in their own respective Names and

Right, so much Capital Stock of the said Company, as they, before the making of this act, were Proviso, required to have, for the Qualification of such Sub governor, Deputy governor or Director respectively, so as such Sub governor, Deputy governor or Director respectively, shall have and continue, in his own Name and Right, so much of the said new Joint Stock of the south-sea Annuities, as together with the Trading Stock remaining in his own Name and Right, shall make up the Sum in Stock which before the making of this act was requisite for such respective Qualification.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of How they are t December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, no Person shall be qualified for or be capable of be L "al'h "d: lf* being Governor (his moult Excellent Majesty only excepted) unle's such Governor shall have, in his own ec. ?7?, .25 Name and Right, five thousand Pounds or more in the said Trading Stock of the said Company; nor

shall any Person be qualified for or capable of being Sub governor of the said south-sea Company who shall not have, in his own Name and Right, four thousand Pounds or more in the said Trading Stock of the said Company; nor shall any Person be qualified to be a Deputy governor, unless such Deputy governor shall have, in his own Name and Right, three thousand Pounds or more in the said Trading Stock of the said Company, and that no Person shall be qualified for or capable of being a Director of the said Company, who shall not have, in his own Name and Right, two thousand Pounds or more in the said trading Stock.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of the said Company shall be Members not? deemed to be disqualified to give any. Vote or Votes at the General Courts of the said Company, after difquaiified to separation or Division of the said Capital as aforesaid, and until the said twenty-fifth Day of December Jyj

one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for or by Reason of his or her not having remaining, in Times his or herown_name and Right, so much Capital Stock of the said Company as, before the making this Act, was required for a Qualification for such Vote or Votes, so as such Member shall have and continue, in his or her own Name and Right, so much of the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities as, together with the Trading Stock remaining in his or her own Name and Right, shall make up the Sum it Stock, which before the making of this act was requisite for a Qualification for such Vote or Votes.

XXI. And be it also enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thou Qualifications land seven hundred and thirty-three, in every General Court of the said Company, every Member of the °tvotcr$ after said Company who shall be present at such General Court, and shall have, in his or her own Name and15 ec' '733' Right, the Sum of five hundred Pounds in the said Trading Stock, shall have one Vote; and every such Member who shall have, in his or her own Name and Right, the Sum of two thousand Pounds in the said Trading Stock, shall have two Votes; and every such Member who shall have, in his or her own Name and Right, three thousand Pounds in the said Trading Stock, shall have three Votes; and every such Member who shall have, in his or her own Name and Right, five thousand Pounds in the said Trading Stock, shall have four Votes, and that no Member of the said Company shall have more than four Votes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective The Oaths to be Oaths which are at present by the Charter of the said Company to be administered to the said Sub takerpbyfhe Governor, Deputy governor and Directors of the said Company respectively, upon their being chosenafterl into the said respective Offices, and also to the Members of the said Company entitled to vote in the Ge said 25 Dec. neral Courts of the said Company, at or before their giving such Votes, shall from and after the said how to be au twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, be altered with respedi totelet'

the said Qualifications of Office and voting respectively, in such Manner as to be confident with the respective Regulations herein before enacted concerning the said several and respective Qualifications and not otherwise.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where, Trust Stacks, in Pursuance of this Act, any such Division as aforesaid shall be made of any Stock of the said com after the sepa panyj which shall at the time' of such Division be veiled in or held by any Person or Persons the same in Trust for others, the respective Parcels of the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities, and as before,

of the raid Trading Stock of the said Company, which such Trustee or Trustees shall be intitled to by Virtue of this Adr, in heu of the said Stock he'd by him or them in Trust as aforesaid, at the Time of making such Division, shall be and remain liable to the same Trails for the Benefit of the same Persons, and to the same Uses as the said Trust Stock was liable to at the Time of making the said Division. trufie?s may

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and convert Truth may be lawful to and for any such Trustee or Trustees to sell and dispose of such his or their remain

vernor, the

me

Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

subject to the same Uses as before.

ing Trust Stock, remaining in the said one fourth Part of the Trading Stock, to continue in the said Company, at the current Market Price of such Stock, and within eight Days to invest the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of so much of the said new Joint Stock of south-sea annui.ies as at the like current Price the same will, as near as may be, extend to purchase, which new purchased Annuities shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trui tees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such Trustees respectively, by Writing indorseu on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed or acknowledged before one of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Moneys in the said Receipts were the Produce of the said remaining Trust Stock (which Signing or Acknowledgement such Matters in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take, by subscribing his Name thereto, in Respect whereof he shall for each Certificate be paid one Shilling, and no more) then and in every such Case, the Annuity Stock, mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall respectively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trusts for the Benefit of the same Persons, and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes as the other three fourth Parts of the said Stock converted into such Annuities as aforesaid, were or ought to be subject to before such Conversion made, and such Trustees shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges or Damages on Account of their so doing, at the Expense of the said Trust Estates. when the Fund

XXV. Provided always, That from and after the said Division and Separation of the said present ca of the Trading pitai Stock of the said Company into Annuities and a Trading Stock, the Fund of the said Trading redeemed, be ^tocjc f Company or any Part thereof, shall not, without the Consent of the said Company,

23 Geo. 2. c. 1. be liable to be redeemed by Parliament, until the said new Joint Stock of south-sea Annuities shall have been reduced, by Redemption by Parliament, to a Capital or Principal Sum not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds.

The company's

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of di registered; and rebt: or shall likewise cause the Numbers, Dates and Sums of all the Bonds now owing by the Company nonewonesto to be fairly entered and registered in a Book, and that no new Bonds shall be issued under the Seal of the be issued, but Company, nor any Bonds paid oif or bought up with the company's Money, except the Proprietors 7'gene°raientcf°f Company shall, in a General Court called and held for that Purpose, be first acquainted with

Court. the Uses for which the said Bonds are intended to be issued, and that, within the Spice of fourteen Days,

7 Geo. 2. c. 17. and twenty-one Days from the Time of holding the said General Court, one other General Court shall »*1 Is likewise be assembled and held, to take the Resolutions of the Proprietors, whether any new Bond Exception. shall be issued or not; always provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors to affix the Seal of the Company to any new Bonds which shall be made out in lieu of any of the present Bonds now standing out, which shall be filled by Indorsements, or which shall be worn out or No Calls of Mo 'ioft, on due Proof being made thereof; and that no Calls of any Sum or Sums of Money shall be made ney to be made from the Members and Proprietors of the said Company, for the carrying on of Trade or any other wiuout a Ge purposes whatsoever, except the same Notice shall be in like Manner first given in a General Court, and the Resolutions of the Proprietors taken in another General Court to be assembled and held at the same Distance of Time before mentioned.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said in Part recited Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, as relates to the bequeathing any South Sea Annuities by Writing attested by two or more credible Witnesses, be and is hereby repealed.

XXVIII. And it is hereby declared, That the said Annuities might have been and may be bequeathed in such Manner as any other personal Ellate might have been, or may, by the Law's of this Realm, be bequeathed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices and other Per

Tarther From - whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

etn concerning this 0

Company, 7 Geo. 2. c. 17. .9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3. 00. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 is u

neral Court.

Part of the Act 9 Geo. 1. c. 3. repealed."

[Public Act.]

The Annuities may be bequeathed as a personal Sftate.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River 'thames.

8 If 17

WHEREAS the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Trinity Koufe of Deptford Stroni in Wythe County of Kent., have, by Grants from the Crown, the Lastage and Ballastage, and the fcle Right of supplying all Ships nd Vessels with Eallsft that sail, pass and repass in the River of Thames, between London Bridge and the Main Sea, at the Rates and Prices accuftcmed; and are also entitled to and have a Right to dig, raise and take up the Gravel, Sand and Soil of the said River of Thames 6 for the ballasting such Ships and Vessels as aforesaid: whereas the said Master, Wardens and Assistants have for several Years last pall constantly employed sixty Ballast Lighters, 'and one hundred and twenty Aden to dig and raise Ballast from the Shelves and Sand Banks of the said River, and to carry and convey such Ballast to Ships and Vessels having Occufion for the same, and thereby the Channel of the said River hath been confiferably deepened, and several Obstructions to the Naviga tion therein removed: And the said Master, Wardens and Assistants have constantly paid for the raising and delivering every Tun of such Ballast the Sum of LIX Pence, whereof fourpence hath Leen paid to the two Ballast Men for their Labour in raising the same, 'and twopence for the Use of tyre Ballast Lighters employed in that Service: And the said Mailer, Wardens and Assistants have received of the

Masters

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II.

C 29. 137

Matters and Owners of Ships and Vessels tiling such Ballasting, the usual Rates and Prices following, videlicet, Nine Pence for every Tun of Ballast furnished to Ships employed in the Coal Trade, and twelve Pence a Tun front all other British Ships and Vessels, and sixteen Pence a Tun from all foreign Ships and Vessels; and the Net Profits arising and produced from the said Rates and Duties are appli

ed and disposed of towards the Maintenance and Relief of many Hundreds of decayed Seamen, their Widows and Orphans: And whereas of late Years great Frauds have been committed by the Ballatt Men, in not delivering due Tunnage of Ballatt to Matters and Commanders of Ships: And whereas the Ballatt Men and Owners of Lighters have represented and complained, that the Price of Provisions and Labour in general is greatly advanced, and the River is much deeper than formerly, and the Ballatt more difficult to be raised, and farther to be fetched, and the Lighters obliged to be ttronger built, and fitted with Matts, Sails and other Rigging; and that unless the Wages and Hire of the Ballatt Men and Lighters be raised, the said Lighters cannot be made serviceable for the Purposes intended, nor the Ballatt Men maintain themselves and Families: And the said Ballatt Men have entered into a Combination, refusing to work and supply Ships with Ballatt at the usual and accustomed Rates and Prices, and have demanded and received, of several Matters of Ships and Vessels, an advanced

Price of threepence per Tun for Ballatt delivered to them respectively: whereas the said Matter,

Wardens and Assistants are desirous that all Frauds and Abuses in Ballastage may be effectually reme died and prevented; and although several Merchants and Owners of Ships are willing and desirous to advance the Rates and Duties of Ballastage, yet as the said Matter, Wardens and Afltttants are not warranted or authorised to take more than the Rates and Prices accustomed, the same cannot be established without the Authority of Parliament: 'Wherefore for the remedying and preventing such Frauds and Abuses as aforesaid, and preserving the Navigation of the River Thames, and promoting and encouraging the Trade of this Kingdom, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the ttrft Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, all Matters and Owners of Ships and Vessels lying in the River of Thames, having Occasion for any Ballatt on Board any such Ship or Vessel, shall pay to the said Corporation of Trinity House, for all such Ballatt demanded and entered at the Ballatt Office of the said Corporation, the Rates and Prices following, (that is to say) For every

Tun of Ballatt consisting of twenty hundred Weight, carried to any Ship or Vessel employed in the Prices to be paid Coal Trade, the Sum of twelve Pence, and no more, and for every such Tun of Ballatt carried to any for Ballad alter other British Ship or Vessel the Sum of fifteen Pence, and no more, and for every such Tun of Ballatt tvealuftivi'en. carried to any foreign Ship or Vessel, the Sum of nineteen Pence, and no more; and that from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, the said Corporation of Trinity House shall pay for the raising and carrying every Tun of Ballatt consisting of twenty hundred Weight, lo to be carried to any such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels respectively, the Sum of nine Pence, whereof the Sum of sixpence shall be paid to the two Ballatt Men for their Labour, and the Sum of threepence for the Use of the Ballatt Lighters employed in that Service; and no greater or higher Rates or Prices shall be paid to or demanded by the said Corporation for the Ballatt to be so raised and carried to any such Ship or Vessel, nor any greater or higher Wages paid to or demanded by the Ballatt Men or Owners of Lighters for the raising and carrying the same, than the respective Rates, Prices, Wages and Hire above-mentioned.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter the Price of wafited

Ballast used by or delivered to any Ship or Vessel respectively. not to beaitcr

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any working Ballatt Man ei.

hail, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, deliver or ja^mendeiiver cause to be delivered to any Ship or Vessel any Ballatt; which shall fall short of the Quantity or Tunnage; n;. fliortquan at and for which the same shall be delivered, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver to" any Ship or Vessel such Quantity of Ballatt as the Rulers of the Ballatt Office of the said Corporation shall, by their usual o.xry'&'r'1'^ Notes or Tickets for the Purpose, order or directt; or shall deliver to any Ship or Vessel any more'V or other Ballatt than shall be ordered or directed by the said Rulers to be delivered to any such Ship or Vessel respectively; and in such Case, every Ballad Man so offending, and Oath being made of the Sass within ten Days after the Offence committed, or within Ten Days after the next Return of such Ship or Vessel into the River of Thames, by the Matter, Mate or other Officer of any such Ship or Vessel, before any Supervisor of the Ballad: Office of the said Corporation, being an Elder Brother Qnd which Oath any such Supervisor is hereby authorised and required to administer without Fee or Reward) shall, for every Tun which the Ballatt so delivered shall appear, upon Oath as aforesaid, to fall short of the Tunnage or Quantity the same was delivered for, and also for every Tun of Ballatt so ordered and directed by the Ballatt Rulers on board any Ship or Vessel, which such Ballatt Man shall neglect or refuse to deliver as aforesaid, and for every Tun of Ballatt so delivered without or contrary to the.orders and Directions of the said Rulers as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

IV. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the said Matter, Wardens and Assistants Mailer and shall, from Time to Time, pay, satisfy and make good to the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, Wardens to the Quantity or Value of the Ballatt which upon such Proof as aforesaid shall be found deficient, and not Deficiencies i delivered as aforesaid, either by delivering the like Quantity of Ballatt or paying the Value thereof in Ballast deli money, at the respective Rates and Prices aforesaid, at the Option of the Party aggrieved: And in calc vered>

such Recompense, Payment and Satisfaction be refused to be made, or shall not be made within ten

Days after the same shall be demanded, then the said Corporation in every such Case shall forfeit and Vol. VI T pay

en Penalty of pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to be recovered against the said Corporation by Bill, Plaint or Information Jo, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, and

no more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Pariflr where such Offence shall be committed, the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same, which Recompense, Payment and Satisfaction the said Corporation are hereby empowered and authorised to flop and retain out of the Wages due to such Ballad Men as shall offend in delivering short Tunnage of Ballad as aforesaid, over and above the Penalties inflicted hereby for every such Offence.

Owners of

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said fird Day of June so com&ci Ba one ^oufand seven hundred and thirty-three, no Matter, Owner or Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or mmen to de any other Person whatsoever, shall oblige or compel any Ballad Man to carry and deliver to any Ship or liver Ballast Vessel any Quantity of Ballad which shall be ordered and directed by the Rulers of the Ballad Office of contrary to Or the fa; CI Corporation to be carried to any other Ship or Vessel: And if any Mader, Mate or other Officer Penalty on col f any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person shall, after the said fird Day of June one thousand seven hun lufively receiv dred and thirty-three, fraudulently, or by Collusion with any of the Bal'ait Aden, take or receive on than entred af hoard any ffeh Ship or Vessel, any greater or other Quantity of Ballad than they respectively shall enter the Office?^anci pay lor at the said Ballad Office, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the Counties of Middlesex, lssex, Kent or Surrey, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall, for every Tun of Ballad so fraudu ently taken and received above the Quantity so entered and paid for, forfeit and pay the Sum of two shillings and sixpence.

Penalty or Bal

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ballad Alan shall, from hit Mer V and after the said fird Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, refuse to work at and It'the Wages' fr the Hire and Wages herein before mentioned, or, having contracted to serve the said Corporation for appointed, sg. any Term or Time, shall quit or depart from such Service, in breach of and contrary to such Contract, or shall otherwise, at any Time, quit or depart from the Service of the said Corporation without giving three Months Notice in Writing to the Supervisors of the Ballad Office, or one of them, or shall refuse to work, or shall not work in such Places or Stations in the River of Thames as the said Corporation shall in that Behalf assign and appoint, or shall work in any Place or Station contrary to the Orders or Direction of the Rulers of the Ballad Office, or any one of them, given in Writing for that Purpose, or shall begin, promote, cause or join in any Combination, in order to raise the Wages of the Ballad Men, or otherw7ife to obstruct the Service of the said Corporation, or the Navigation of the River Thames; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VII. And whereas the Ballad Lighters belonging to and employed by the said Corporation are marked at the Stem and Stern with Numbers denoting every five Tuns of their Tunnage and Burden respectively: whereas it would tend more to the Satisfaction of the Maders and Owners of Ships and Vessels having Occasion for Ballad, and would prevent Frauds in delivering the same, that the Weight and Tunnage of every such Lighter should be distinguished by. Marks denoting and expressinz The Burden of every two Tuns and a Half of the Tunnage or Burden thereof respectively: 'It is therefore enacted Balhft Lighters by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation of Trinity House shall, before the tenth Day of rnarkeymi the one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, cause visible Marks to be made and seton the Stem stern by 10 July and Stern of every such Lighter between every two Gauge Marks now placed on the Stem and Stem 1733* of every such Lighter respectively, in order that the Tunnage and Burden of every such Lighter may

be computed and distinguished by a gradual Progression of two Tuns and an Half.

masters of ships

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful taking Ballad, to and for the Mailers of all Ships and Vessels taking Ballad of the said Corporation, and they are hereby p1 rfonspio in authorised and empowered to meet in the Square at Billingsgate on the twentieth Day of June one thou spect the Marks fond seven hundred and thirty-three, and on the third Monday in June in every succeeding Year and CI Ballad to adjourn to such Place as the Majority of them shall think fit, and then and there, by Writing under Lighters. their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, to appoint one or more Person or Persons, being or having been Mailers or Mates of Ships or Vessels, to inipedt and survey all the Ballad Lighters belonging to the said Corporation, and which said Person or Persons, so to be appointed, shall be, and is and are hereby authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, to view and examine the Marks of every such Lighter respectively; in case such Person or Persons shall suspect that any of the Marks denoting the Tunnage of any such Lighter have been altered or displaced, and lightersjonsuf shall, at the Ballad Office of the said Corporation, require the same Lighter to be re weighed, then and piuioji, t be re; every such Case the said Corporation shall, within ten working Days after such Requed made wea welle " there permitting) cause such Lighter to here weighed by Weights provided by the said Corporation;

and in case, upon such re weighing of any such Lighter, the same shall be found to be of as great Tunnage as by the Marks thereof shall be signified and denoted, then and in such Case the Charge of such re weighing shall be paid by the Person or Persons requiring the same; and in case such Person or Persons shall not pay the Charge of re weighing of such Lighter, within ten Days after such re weighing, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; but if such Lighter shall, upon re weighing thereof, be found to be of less Tunnage than the Marks thereof denote or import, then the Charge of such re weighing shall be born and paid by the said Corporation, who shall immediately, upon such re weighing, cause the Marks on the Stem and

Stem

A.D. 17

Anno sexto Georgii II.

C 29.

139

) Cor

Stern of such Lighter to be placed and made in Rich Manner as to signify and denote the true Tun nage thereof; and in case the said Corporation shall refuse or neglect, upon Rich Request made, to havepsnnlty onc any Rich Lighter re weighed, or to mark the same according to the Directions and true Meaning of this tjr

Abl, then and in every such Case the said Corporation shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts ot Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, and no more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same. _ two 1<irhters

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no more than two Lighters shall be required to be re weighed within 0 % t j th re

the Space of any one Week. _ weighed in oik

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to ma«ers orships and for every or any Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel to appoint any two Persons belonging may appoint to such Ship or Vessel (whereof the Mate to be always one) to go on board any Lighter bringing Ballast l'erson* to into such Shin or Vessel, to examine, view and inspect the Marks at which such Lighter swims, both be Lighters Depth fore and after the Delivery of such Ballast; and that all and every Ballast Man and Ballafi Men shall in Water: immediately, before the Delivery of any Ballast to any Ship or Vessel, trim every such Ballast Lighter,

so as to make the same swim at equal Marks at the Stem and Stern thereof, and pump all the Water

out of the same; and if any Ballast Man or other Person working on board any such Lighter, shall, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, obstruct, hinder or inter Penalty on ob

rupt any Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, from going on board any such Lighter, in order to ex" " item.

amine, view and inspect the same, for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall begin to deliver the Ballast on

board any Ship or Vessel, before such Lighter shall be so trimmed to swim at equal Marks as aforesaid,

and the Water pumped out of the same, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ballast Man shall, from Penalty on and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, work or deliver Bal working last in any Lighter not weighed, marked, numbered and allowed by the said Corporation, or if any Ballast Man or other Person shall remove, alter, deface or counterfeit any of the Gauge Marks, denoting marked, the Tunnage of any Ballast Lighter, or the Number of any such Lighter in the Service of the said Cor or defacing the poration, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall for every gau£e Malkj rich Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ballast R ian shall, after f3^na«j1tyn°|j..bai' the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, demand and receive of and manding money from any Master or Officer of any Ship or Vessel, any Sum of Money, See or Reward, for or on Ac of Walters of count of any Baliaft, or the Delivery of the same, to or for the Use or Service of any such Ship or Ships'

Vessel as aforesaid, then and in such Case, every Ballast Man so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner last above-mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th t all and every the Ballast Ballast Men to

Men employed or hereafter to be employed in the Service of the said Corporation, shall, from Time rvfu'll'tfon°ofh6 to Time and at all Times hereafter, be subject to the Regulation and Government of the same Cor the corporation. poration; provided such Regulations do not extend to the lowering the Wages of the said Ballast Men but their Wages hereby directed and appointed to be paid to them for their Labour and Work as aforesaid. "ot h bs uf'

Chalk, Chalk Rubbish, Soap allies, Soap waste, Flints, Tobacco pipe Clay or other Clay, or any Ballast. other Goods or Commodities now claimed to be furnished as Ballast by the said Corporation of the 'trinity House, subject nevertheless to the Rates and Duties) Provisoes and Restrictions herein after mentioned, expressed and contained.

XV. Provided always, That the Master or Owner of every Rich Ship or Vessel shall first make a Baiwt

due Entry at the Ballast Office of the Trinity Heuse in London, or with the Officer of the said Cor and Licence.' poration at Gravesend, of the said Goods, Commodities and Things so licensed and authorised to be (Ripped and transported, and the Name of such Ship or Vessel, and of the Master or Commander of tile fsme*

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That at the Time of such Entry the Master or Owner of Licence fr every such Ship or Vessel shall pay for such Licence or Authority, to the said Corporation, one Penny

for every Tun of the said Goods, Commodities and Things so to be entered as aforesaid.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Master, Owner or Officer of any Ship or Vessel lying Goods as" shall Ship or put on Board any Ship or Vessel any of the said Goods, Commodities and Things herein baiuft without before mentioned, specified and enumerated, before such Entry and Payment shall be made as aforesaid, l*«nce

or shall ship and take on board any greater Quantity thereof than what shall be so entered and paid for as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice Or Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the Counties of Middlesex, essex, Kent and Surrey, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, filial! for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, whereof one Moiety shall go and be applied to and for the Use of

Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

lull.

the Poor of the said Corporation, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

Quantity cf

XVIII. Provided also, That the whole Quantity of Dung and Comport herein before licensed and be vearic" to authorised to be shipped and transported for Ballast as aforesaid, for the Use of the Coasters and col shipped as Bal liers, do not exceed the Quantity of three thousand Tuns in any one Year, to commence and be computed from the first Day of June inclusive in every Year and that ihe whole Quantity of Chalk and Chalk Rubbilli herein before licensed and authorised to be shipped and transported as Ballast as aforesaid, for the Use of the Coasters and Colliers, do not exceed the Quantity of three thousand Tuns in any one Year, to commence and be computed as aforesaid; that the Quantity of Soap afties and all other Sorts of Commodities herein before licensed and authorised to be also shipped and transported ns Ballast as aforesaid, for the Use of the Coasters and Colliers, do not exceed the Quantity of two thousand 'i'uns in any one Year, to commence and be computed as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided also, That all the Entries of any of the Goods, Commodities and things so licensed, which shall be shipped and put on board any Ship or Vessel in the last seven Days of the Month

Entries thereof when to be

made at Lon Df y, [Ciy in any one Year, shall be made at the Trinity house in London, and not at Gravesend or any other Place.

XX. Provided always, That from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

don.

After 10 July

*733» Owners f thirty-three, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, from as Ballast P Time to Time, to ship, transport and carry in any such Ship or Vessel, as Ballast from London, or any Bricks, Tiles, Part of the River of Thames, any Quantity cf Bricks, Tiles or Lime, or any other merchandizeable3° in 'foret Commodity, without paying anything to the said Corporation for the same.

Forfeitures liow

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the pecuniary Forfeitures to be disposed and Penalties arising and imposed by this Act (except such as are herein appointed to be applied other on wife) shall be paid, applied and disposed of in the Manner and for the Purposes following; videlicet, in

the first Place for the paying, satisfying and defraying the Lodes and Damages that the said Corporation of the Trinity Ho use shall sustain by Reason or on Account of shortor fraudulent Tunnage being delivered to any Ships or Vessels, or by Reason or on Account of any such Ships or Vessels being not supplied or furnished with the Quantity of Ballast directed by the Ballast Rulers to be delivered to such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, and afterwards, and subject thereto, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation.

Two or more

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may fudices to debe lawful to and for two or more Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or any of the four coun fencctfusea f*es a^ove mentioned, within their respective Jurisdictions (not being Members of the said Corporation] to pecuniary to hear and determine any of the Offences which are made subject to and punishable by any pecuniary

Bcnaities. Penalties directed to be levied by this Act, except such Matters and Offences as are particularly directed

by this Act to be otherwise determined; and such Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf within ten Days after such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and, after Oath made of the Commission of any of the Facts above-mentioned by one or more credible witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party offending in the said City of London, or any of the four Counties aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or upon the River of Thames, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing (upon the Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses on Oath (which Oath they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to administer) and to give judge didrefsonnon nient or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either payment of by the View of the said Justices, or any of them, or upon such Information as aforesaid, or on con ortutures. session of the Party accused, to award and issue Warrants for the levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any there be) and where Goods of such Offenders cannot be found, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be paid.

Justices may

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices of the Peace mitigate Penal from Time to Time, where they see Cause, to mitigate, compound or lessen any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; so as such Mitigation do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act; and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Persons offending respectively for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so lessened, mitigated or remitted.

XXIV. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisned in the Judgement of the said Justices, then such Person or Persons shall or may, by virtue of this Act, complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions for the County, City or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case of Conviction to issue Warrants for levying or compelling, by such Means as aforesaid, the Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, of which all Judges, Justices and other Persons are to take Notice; and if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months

8 after

Appeal may be made to the cuarter sefii ns.

fuliitkaft.

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 30. 141

after the fat committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place

where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action

[General Issue.]

or Suit may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at

any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance and by Authority of this Act;

and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited

for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given

[Treble Costs.]

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have such

Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force from the said first Day Duration of this of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for and during the Space of five Years and from cottinued by thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. is Geo. 2. c. 21.

And farther continued, amended and explained by 3x Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to recover and preserve the navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third,

[11 & 12 W. 3. c.

intituled, An Act to enable the Mayor and Citizens of Chester to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, reciting, that the said River Dee was thentofore navigable for Ships and Vessels of a considerable Burden from the Sea to the City of che/ier, but by Neglect of the said River, and for want of sufficient Banks, Works and Fences on the Sides thereof,

against the Flux and Reflux of the Sea, the Channel of the said River was become so various and uncertain, that by Sands and otherwise the Navigation to the said City was almost lost and destroyed, the Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Chester, and their Successors, were empowered to make the said River navigable from the Sea to the said City of Chester for Ships of one hundred Tuns or upwards;

and to enable them so to do certain Duties in the said Act mentioned were laid upon Coals, Lime and Lime Stone brought to and unloaded within the Liberties of the said City, for the Term of twenty one Years., and the Property of the Sands, Soil and Ground therein mentioned was immediately, from and after such Time as the said River and Channel should be made navigable and passable with and for such Ships and Vessels to and from the said City of Chester, to be vested in the said Mayor and Citizens,

and their Successors for ever; and they were at Liberty to defend, enclose and improve the same, and

receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and apply the same for maintaining and repairing the intended Works and Fences, and for making, erecting and doing such further and other Works, Fences and Things from Time to Time, as Occasion should require, for making and keeping the said River navi gable: And whereas several considerable Sums of Money have been laid out and expended pursuant to the said Act, but the said River is not made navigable, the Provisions for making the same navigable by the said recited Act being insufficient, and the Time thereby granted for making the same navi gable is now expired: And whereas the Sand, Soil and Ground not bearing Grass, commonly called The white Sands, from the City of Chester to the Sea, and lying between the County of Chester on the North Side and the County of Flint on the South Side, are of great Breadth in moult Places, and the said River not being navigable is chiefly owing to the Breadth of the said Sands and to the shifting of the Channel from one Side thereof to the other, as the Winds and Tide vary: And whereas the said Sand, Soil and Ground, commonly called The white Sands, are not nor are likely to be of any Advantage or Benefit to any Person whatsoever, unless the said River be bounded in and made navigable by

Sea Walls, Banks and Fences as aforesaid, which will require a very great Expense, as well to erect as

to maintain and repair from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require; yet nevertheless, if the said Sands, Soil or Ground, commonly called The white Sands, were recovered from the Sea by Sea Walls,

Banks and Fences as aforesaid, and the Channel thereby confined to one certain Course, it would not only effectually make the said River navigable, but veiling the said white Sands in the Undertakers would be a considerable Encouragement to the Undertaking thereof: And whereas the making the said River navigable will be a Means to advance the Trade of the said City, and great Benefit will accrue thereby to the inhabitants thereof and to the Towns and Countries adjacent or near the said River,

as also be a Means to increase the Number of Seamen and Watermen, and promote the public Good of this Kingdom: 'May it therefore please your moult Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, sv.

44 N. Kindcrlcy and his Assigns empowered to make and keep navigable the River Dee at their own Charge,

The Names of the Undertakers appointed by N. Kinderley to be enrolled within 12 Months, and no Ground cut till such Inrolment. After the River shall be made navigable, the following Duties are to be paid. For every Tun of Goods in every Ship coming from or going to any Place between St. da- vid's Head and Carlife, 6 d. Paving Stones, Slates and Oysters excepted. And for every Tun of Goods in every Ship coming from or going to any Place beyond St. david's Head and Carlife, and not beyond the land's End and the Shetland Isles, 9d. And for every Tun of Goods in every Ship. "coming from or going to any other Place within Great Britain, Ireland, and the Isle of Man, 1 s. 6d.

"And for every Tun of Goods in every Ship coming from or going to any foreign Place (Pitch,

142 C. 31. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

"Tar and Timber excepted) 2l. And for every Tun of Pitch, Tar or Timber in every Ship com " from or going to any foreign Parts, is. And for every Tun of Goods to be carried from or "brought to Chester in or from any Ship at Park gate, Flint or other Place within the Port of Chester "and below the new Cut, 6d. 6 a. per Tun only to be paid by Vessels employed by London Cheese "not lading at Chester. Duties on Skins or Wool to be paid by Weight. If Vessels laden with "Cheese, and drawing 14 Foot Water, cannot safely pass down the said River, the Commissioners, on "14 Days Notice, are to inquire thereinto, and may order N. Kinderley, &c. to make a Wet Dock "capable of holding zo Ships at lead. Commissioners for adjusting Differences. Commissioners De "to be final, unless Application be made for a jury within a Month. If the Justices of "Great Session certify, in 10 Days after Assessment, that the Damages assessed are too great or too "little, either Party, on Payment of 50 /. for Charges, may have the Damage re assessed. N. Kinderley "to deposit 10,000l. as a Fund for answering Damages.' No Works prejudicial to Lands, Gfe. to be "begun till the Deposit be made. After three 'ears the Duties liable to answer Damages. 20l. Penalty "on emptying Ballad to prejudice the River. Royalties and Liberties of fishing not to be prejudiced. JS i C n - C 8 "H the wei te not fordable on Horseback, Commissioners may order two free ferry boats. Persons tic Undertakcrt "damaging the Banks or Works guilty of Felony. The Navigation not subject to a Commission of are incorporated. "Sewers.

---

[Amended, and other Duties granted, by 17 Geo. 2. c. 28.]

[And see 26 Geo. 2. C. 35.]

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the Relief of Parishes and other Places from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same.

[Former Provisions concerning Bastards 18 Eliz. 3. 7 Jac. 1. c. 4. 3 Car. 1. c. 4.]

Whereas the Laws now in Being are not sufficient to provide for the securing and indemnifying Parishes and other Places from the great Charges frequently arising from Children begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony: For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[After 24 June 1733, the Person charged on Oath of being the Father of a Bastard Child,]

That from and after the twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, if any single Woman shall he delivered of a Bastard Child, which shall be chargeable or likely to become chargeable to any Parish or extraparochial Place, or shall declare herself to be with Child, and that such Child is likely to be born a Bastard and to be chargeable to any Parish or extraparochial Place, and shall in either of such Cases, in an Examination to be taken in Writing, upon Oath, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, wherein such Parish or Place shall lie, charge any Person with having gotten her with Child,

[may be immediately apprehended,]

it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, upon Application made to him or them by the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, or by any one of them, or by any substantial Householder of such extraparochial Place, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants for the immediate apprehending such Person so charged as aforesaid, and for bringing him before such Justice or Justices, or before any other of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate,

[and committed to Prison, unless he give Security.]

and the Justice or Justices before whom such Person shall be brought, is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Person so charged as aforesaid to the common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Riding, Divi­sion, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, unless he shall give Security to indemnify such Parish or Place, or shall enter into a Recognizance with sufficient Surety, upon Condition to appear at the next General Quarter-Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate, and to abide and perform such Order or Orders as shall he made in pursuance of

[18 Eliz. c. 3.]

an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, concerning Bastards begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony.

[Such Person on the Woman's Miscarriage, &c. shall be discharged.]

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Woman so charg­ing any Person as aforesaid shall happen to die, or be married before she shall be delivered, or if she shall miscarry of such Child, or shall appear not to have been with Child at the Time of her Examination, then and in any of the said Cases such Person shall be discharged from his Recognizance at the next General Quarter-Sessions or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, or immediately released out of Custody, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seal of any one or more Justices or Justices of the Peace residing in or near the Limits where such Parish or Place shall lie.

[The Justices, on Prisoner's Request, may summon the Overseers, &c.]

III. Provided also and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Application made by any Person who shall be committed to any Gaol or House of Correction by virtue of this Act, or by any Person on his Behalf, to any Justice or Justices residing in or near the Limits where such Parish or Place shall lie, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to summon the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, or one or more of the substantial Householders of such extraparochial Place, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to shew Cause why such Person should not be discharged;

[and if no Order be made within six Weeks after the Woman's Delivery, Prisoner to be set at Liberty.]

and if no Order shall appear to have been made in pursuance of the said Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Eliza­beth, within six Weeks after such Woman shall have been delivered, such Justice or Justices shall and may discharge him from his Imprisonment in such Gaol or House of Correction to which be shall have been committed.

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 32, 33. 143

[The Woman not to be examined relating to her Pregnancy, till one Month after her Delivery.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace to send for any Woman whatsoever before she shall be delivered, and one Month after, in order to her being examined concerning her Pregnancy, or supposed Pregnancy, or to compel any Woman before she shall be delivered to answer to any Questions relating to her Pregnancy; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable certain Persons to propound the Papers importing to be the last Will, Codicils and testamentary Schedules of Richard Norton, late of Southwick in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration with the same annexed.

PR.

[see 20 Geo. 2. c. 37.]

---

WHEREAS Richard Norton, late of Southwick in the County of Southampton, Esquire, departed this Life on or about the seventh Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred thirty and two, and since the Death of the said Richard Norton there have been produced and deposited in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury a certain Paper or Writing, bearing Date the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, im porting to be the last Will and Testament of the said Richard Norton, and certain other Papers or Writings, severally importing to be Codicils or testamentary Schedules of the said Richard Norton: t And whereas in the said Paper or Writing importing to be the last Will and Testament of the said 1 Richard Norton there are certain Clauses contained in the Words or to the Effete following, that is to say,

"And after my Funeral Expenses, my Legacies and Debts shall be fully, punctually discharged and paid, I do devise, will and give all my Real and Personal Estates whatsoever (except as abovesaid) in, the County of southamptont with everything that I hold, possess or enjoy, or in any Manner, what c' soever it be, belonging to the same Real and Personal Estates, to the Poor, that is to say, to the CC Poor, Hungry and Thirsty, Naked and Strangers, Sick and Wounded and Prisoners, and to and for "no other Uie or Uses whatsoever; and I do hereby make, constitute and appoint the Poor abovesaid to to be my general and absolute Heir and Heirs to the End of the World. I do presume to make, con c' stitute and appoint all and every Person and Persons that do, shall or may make or compose, or are "to be the supreme Legislature of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, to be my Executor or Executors of this my last Will and Testament; and if I have presumed too high, and it be refused, then "and in that Case only I will and beseech the 1110ft Reverend the Archbishops, together with the Right "Reverend the Bishops of Great Britain or of England for the Time being, and all and every of "their Successors, Archbishops and Bishops as aforesaid; and I do hereby constitute and appoint all and "every of them, all and every of their Succdfors as aforesaid, to be my Executor and Executors of this "my said last Will and Testament; and I do will, that any live of them, whereof the Archbishop of "Canterbury to be one, shall and may, by any Order in Writing under their Hands and Seals, ad,

"order, do and fully perform and execute my true Meaning and Intent, herein declared and mentioned "to be performed, to the End of the World; and I do most humbly beg of them all to be zealous Ad "for the Poor as aforesaid, to the Legislature of Great Britain; and if it shall happen, that at "the Time of my Decease the supreme Legislature aforesaid shall not be held or sitting, then I will that "the said most Reverend and Right Reverend Fathers in God, they and every of them, their and every "of their Successors as aforesaid, or any five of them, whereof the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury to "be one, may immediately be pleased to take Care provisionally of all Matters and Things herein con "and may and shall act, order, do and fully perform, by Order in Writing as aforesaid, all and "every fuel) Act or Acts as shall by them as aforesaid be adjudged necessary to be done, acted or per "according to this my last Will and Testament, until such Time as the supreme Legislature "shall next meet, sit or be held: " Now to the End that the Validity of the said Papers or Writings, so far as the same relate to the Personal Estate of the said Richard Norton, may be examined and determined in the proper Ecclesiastical Court or Courts, and that fit Persons may be appointed to institute, prosecute and defend all Suits concerning the same, so far as the same relate to the Personal Estate of the said Richard Norton, Be it enacted, &c.

---

[M. Frecker, N. Paxton and J. Lawton empowered to sue for Administration. On the Death of all the said Nominees before full Administration, Ecclesiastical Court to appoint others. This Act not to give greater Force to the said Will, than it had before.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's British Subjects.

[12 Geo. 1. c. 26.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and by another Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[5 Geo. 2. c. 28.]

intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fishery, it is declared, That the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber taken in the Greenland Seas or Davis's Straights, and the adjacent Seas, in British Ships, and imported by British Subjects, shall be free of Customs on the Conditions therein mentioned: And whereas the said Encouragements have been by many Years Experience found insufficient for the regaining of this

144 C. 33. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

beneficial Trade, which is at present in great Danger of being entirely lost, and large Quantities of Oil and Whale Fins are at a great Expense bought of Foreigners and annually imported into this Kingdom; it is therefore thought proper, for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, That a Bounty be paid on the Return of every Ship employed by his Majesty's Subjects in the Whale Fishery, and licensed as herein after is directed: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[British Ships of 200 Tuns proceeding to Greenland on the Whale fishery,]

---

That during the Countiuance of the last 200 Tuns pro mentioned Act every British Ship or vessel of two hundred Tuns and upwards, that shall proceed from any Port of Great Britain on the Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas or Davids Streights, and the adjacent Seas, manned and navigated as by the Laws now in Force is directed, shall, before (he proceed on such Voyage, or be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who shall examine into such Ship or vessel, and take an Account of the Tunnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their Visitation, Examination and cihcn" ific: lteofadmeasuresment to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs; and if it appear by the Certificate Officer'^ m C or Officer or Officers, that (he hath on board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fifiling Number of Lines and Instruments to be used in such Fishery, as herein aftar are mentioned, that (he is strongly built, Men, Provi alld otherwise a proper Ship for such Voyage and Fishery, and hath on board among her Crew a sufficient Number of Harpooneers, Steersmen and Line Managers, who have before been employed in such and Oath of the Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be contained in such Certificate) and if it further appear by the Commander to Oath of one or more Owner or Owners, and of the Master or Chief Officer of such Ship, written at the proceed directly Foot of such Certificate, and made before the Collector and Comptroller of such Port (who are hereby on the Voyage, empowered and required to administer the same) that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Ship shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished and accoutred, in a Voyage to the Gieenland Seas or davis's Streights, or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Season, to use the utmost Endeavours of themselves and their

ship's Company to take Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of

Profit in such Voyage, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber thereof into the Kingdom of and Bond given Great Britain (naming the Port to which it is their Intention to return) and if the Master, after such B um ethe Certificate had and Oath made, do also become bound with two sufficient Securities unto his Majesty,

u his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of such Sum as shall be equal to treble the Bounty intended

by this Act (which Bond the said Collector, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby re ouired to take, and is to be in Force for the Term of three Years against the Master and Sureties, for the faithful Dealing of the said Master and ship's Company in regard to the said Ship and Voyage) then and in all such Cales it shall and may be lawful for any three or more of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively for the Time being, on receiving such Certificates and Oaths to have a icence made, and it being certified to them by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, that sufficient m?moners of the Security hath been give 1 as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant, to the Master and Owners of such Ship, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

II. And to prevent any Disputes that may arise, whether a Ship be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the Whale Fishery, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and entitled to a Certificate thereof from the customhouse Officers, It is hereby enacted, That every Ship of the Burden stout W. of two hundred Tuns designed for this Fishery shall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty Fishing, ' Lines of one hundred and twenty Fathom each, forty Harpoon Irons, four Boats with seven Men (including

a Harpooneer, a Steersman and a Line Manager to each Boat, making in the whole twenty-eight Men, besides the Master and Surgeon) with six Months Provisions at the least for such Number of Men, and every Ship of larger Burden an Increase of six Men, one Boat, ten such Lines and ten Harpoon Irons more for every fifty Tuns above the said two hundred Tuns, together with Provisions in Proportion.

The Ship on her

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Ship to the Return to be>fi Port to which the Master and Mate declared on Oath their Intention to return, the proper Officers of the Beers y&c. 6 " Customs at such Port shall immediately repair on board, and view the Condition of such Ship and her

Lading, and certify the same, together with their Observations thereon, as also the real Tunnage of the a Schedule made said Ship; and the said Officers are also to take an Account or Schedule of the Names of the Master, boardpeisonson ate and other Persons on board, distinguishing therein the Harpooners and Persons more immediately employed in the said Fishery, and to certify the same, and the Master and Mate shall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller (who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same) on The Licence to the Back of or annexed to the Licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to backellvcr d deliver, up, that they did in pursuance thereof (mentioning the Day of their Departure) proceed in a'Voyage directly to the Places aforesaid, and have hot since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit, and that they did there (mentioning the Time of their Stay in those Seas) use their utmost Endeavours of themselves and their ship's Company to take Whales and other crea and 0.1th made tures living in those Seas; and that all the Whale Fins Oil and Blubber imported (if any) in such Ship ft v/lales>, c was really and bona fide caught and taken in the said Seas by the Crew of such Ship only; all which sclie bona cta en dule. Certificate, Licence and Oath shall be transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port to the respective Commissioners for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed with

Customs for such Voyage,

Requisites for

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 34. 145

of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed, the Sum of Twenty Shil j}Geo. 2. C zs. lings per Tun, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship duly, certified as aforesaid. a'fcco z C

IV. And whereas the Dispatch of Ships to the Greenland Seas, davis's Straights and Seas adjacent on c'4li'

C the Whale Fishery mu ft of Necessity be within the Months of March or April, and some British Ships, CCC e, s

for the Sake of keeping the Men that have been taught the Art of the said Fishery in Employ, and to V

prevent their going into foreign Service, may have been fitted out from the River of Thames or other Parts of his Majesty's British Dominions, and proceeded on the said Whale Fishery to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights and Seas adjacent, since the Commencement of this Session of Parliament,

and before the Regulations intended by this Act to be observed by the respective Owners and Masters before the Sailing of any Ship or Ships to be employed in the said Trade were made, and it will therefore be but just and reasonable, that the Bounties intended to be given on the Return of Ships hereafter to be fitted out on such Voyage, Should be given also to the Owners of such Ships already sailed upon such Voyage, and not yet returned; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships already sailed on the said Voyage and Fishery Owners ofskpt respectively shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, oa'l^b

make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller from whence such Ship departed (who are hereby im 3o'\(, "l ly powered and required to administer the same) that it was the Design, Resolution and express Direction of cf such Dciis« the said Owner or Owners respectively to proceed on the said Voyage for the Purposes afore mentioned, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber of the Whales to be caught in the said Voyage into '

Great Britain, and that the said Ships respectively were so properly qualified and duly fitted out for the

Whale Fishery as aforesaid, and shall enter into such Bonds of such Penalty, Tenor, Purport and Condition

as aforesaid, and in case on the Return of such Ships respectively to Great Britain the Mailer or Mate, or

other Chief Officer of such Ships respectively shall make Oath before the said Collector and Comptroller,

that they did proceed on the said Voyage for the Purposes aforesaid, and behaved themselves therein pursuant

and in conformity to the Directions of this Act, and if the said Mailer and Mate, or other Chief

Officer of such Ships, shall do and perform on their Parts all Matters and Things required by this Act to

be done and performed on the Return of Ships hereafter to be employed in the said Trade, then the said Commissioners shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Mailer or Owners of such of the

laid Ships respectively so qualified and entitled as aforesaid, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver to have the same

General of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain whence the Ship departed, the Sum of twenty auowatlce

Shillings per tun, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continued to 25 Dec. 1757, &c. by 22 Geo. 2. c. 45. and see 27 Geo. 2. c. 18. fed. 7. and 28 Geo. 2. C zo. by which this Act is continued to 25 Dee. 1764. See farther 13 Geo. 2. c. 28. §5. 22 Geo. 2. c. 45.

28 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for reviving so much of the act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their quarentine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Infection, as relates to the performing of Quarantine, and preventing the spreading of Infection, and to enable his Majesty to prohibit Commerce with any Country or Place infected with the Plague, for a certain Time therein limited.

EXP.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, 1 Geo. 2. c. 13.intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their ffua routine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Par s into Great Britaii 1 or Ireland, or the Ifes of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, anil to hinder the spreading of Infection, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the said Act, and the several Clauses and Provisions therein contained, Should commence and take Effect, from and after the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, and that the same, except so much thereof as enabled his Majesty to prohibit or restrain Commerce between his Majesty's Subjects and those. of any other Country or Place infected with the Plague, and the several Powers,

Provisions, Penalties, Matters and Things relating thereto, Should continue in Force for the Space of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas the said Act was found to be useful and beneficial, but is expired, and certain Places in foreign Parts being at this Time visited with the Plague, it is become necessary that some Provision Should be made by Parliament for obliging Ships and Persons coming from any Place so infected more effectually 4- to perform Quarentine, in such Manner as hath been or "shall be ordered by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and for punching Offenders therein in a more expeditious Manner than can be done by the ordinary Methods of Law, and for preventing the bringing in and spreading of Infedioa: 5 Be it enacted, &c.

"So much of the said Act as relates to the performing Quarentine, &c. continued 2 Years longer from V 2 June 1733. His Majesty, by Proclamation, before 24 June 1734, may forbid any Person to go from Voi. VI U Great

Set 26 Geo. 2. 27 Geo. 2. c. 2q Geo. 2. c. 33 Geo. 2. C

Estimate of Loss

C 35. Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

"Great Britain, Sic. to any Place irifefted, cor to come from any infefted Place to Great Britain, Sic. "Persons exporting Goods "contrary to Proclamation to forfeit double the Value. 500l. Penalty on "gong to infefted Places after Proclamation. Landing Goods contrary thereto. Felony without be c. "nefit of Clergy, and Ships and Goods forfeited. Persons procuring Goods to be imported contrary 18. "to Proclamation, to forfeit treble the Value. Reasonable Time for Notice to be allowed in the pro j, "clamation. Attainders by this Act not to extend to Corruption of Blood, OV.'

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, state and report who of the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to such Sufferers; and for enforcing the Laws made against foreign Lotteries and for impowerinr the said Commissioners to hear and determine the Claims of such Creditors and Proprietors of the said Corporation, as have not made their Claims within the Time limited by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for taking sating and determining all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the said 'Corporation, and of all Persons claming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation.

PR.

WHEREAS diverse of his Majesty's Subjects have sustained great Losses, and have been reduced to great Necessity, by the fraudulent and indirect Practises carried on in the Management of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by ajftfting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Intcrefi: And by a Report delivered to both Houses of Parliament, made by the Commissioners appointed by an act of the last Session of Parliament, for the taking, bating and determining the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation, and all Persons claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock of the same, it appears, that the whole Sum for which the Corpo ration was, at the Time of signing the said Report, answerable to all the Persons who had any De 4 mands upon or were any ways interested in the said Corporation, amounted to four hundred eighty seven thousand eight hundred and ninety five Pounds fourteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings: And whereas upon Examination into the State of the Effects of the said Corporation, it appears, that to make good the said four hundred eighty seven thousand eight hundred and ninety five Pounds fourteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, there remains in Money and Effects no more than thirty-four thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Penny halfpenny"; so that the Net Loss to the said Corporation is four hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred and fortyfive Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence Farthing, except what may be recovered from Persons indebted to the said Corporation, of which no Estimate can yet be made: And whereas it will be a reasonable Act of Charity, to give some Relief or Satisfaction to such of the Sufferers as shall appear upon Examination to be proper Objects of Compassion, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this adtmay it please your Majesty that may be enacted, &c.

Commissioners to give in Writing the Names and Qualifications of Persons seeking Relief, to the Par "The Duration of the Commissioners Power for 12 Months. 500,000l. to be raised by way "of Lottery at 4l. per.ticket. Commissioners to appoint the Managers of the Lottery. There shall be printed 125,000 Tickets, and 28, 169 Tickets shall be The Fortunate Tickets, one of 10,000l. one "of 5,000l. three of 3,000l. four of 2,000l. twenty of 1,000l. forty of 500l. two hundred of 100l. 44 four hundred of 50l. twelve hundred of 20l. twenty six thousand three hundred of 10l. which toge "with 500l.' to the first drawn Ticket, and 500l. to the last drawn, will amount to 400,000l. "to be repaid, and the remaining 100,000l. is intended to be re erved for the Relief of the Sufferers. 44 The Residue of the Money, after paying the Fortunate Tickets and incident Charges, to be disposed "to the Sufferers, by Parliament. Penalty on selling Chances or Shares of Tickets, or proposing "of the Lottery, fsv."

XXIX. And whereas in an Act which passed in the ninth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Moneys, and for Relief of Will liam late Lord Widdrington, and to prevent foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom, and for ascertaining the Duty on bound Books imported, and for ijfuitig Certificates and Debentures for Arrears due to five Regiments, to be satisfied by Annuities therein mentioned, and for discharging the Duties of Rock Salt lost on the Rivers Wear and Mercy, and for limiting the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Estates in England and Scotland respectively, and for appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament, and to reftly Misnomers and Omissions of Commissioners for the Land Tax in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, Provision is made against selling or disposing of any Tickets in any foreign Lottery, under the Penalty of forfeiting two hundred Pounds, and Offering one year's Imprisonment for every such Offence; yet in Eyaflon of the said Law, and to the great Prejudice and Damage of many of his Majesty's good Subjects, several evil minded Persons have undertaken to keep Offices for the issuing of Tickets or Receipts for Numbers in several foreign Lotte

or Classes of such Lotteries, or have made Duplicates of such Lotteries, contrary to the true Iri

tent and Meaning of the said Act: 'For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority

A.D. 1733. Anno sexto Georgii II. c. 36. 147

aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty Penalty

three, if any Person or Persons shall sell, procure or deliver any Ticket, Receipt, Chance or Number f^ior^ro *'

in or belonging to any foreign Lottery or pretended foreign Lottery, or in or belonging to any Class, Part curing chances

or Division of such Lottery or pretended Lottery, or in or belonging to any Undertaking whatsoever n foreign hot

in the Nature of a Lottery, or shall sell, procure or deliver any Ticket, Receipt, Chance or Number in

or belonging to any Duplicate or pretended Duplicate of any foreign Lottery or pretended foreign Lot sa farther,

tery, or shall receive or cause to be received, any Money whatsoever for any such Ticket, Receipt, z Geo. 2. V 2?.

Chance or Number, or for or in Consideration or any Money to be repaid, in Case any Ticket or Tickets, Number or Numbers in any foreign Lottery or pretended foreign Lottery, or any Class, Part <'"'2, c'-'

or Division thereof, fha prove fortunate, and shall be convicted of any of the said Offences, upon

+Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster (in which no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed) or upon the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Division or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be found (which Oath or Affirmation such Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to administer or give) the Person so convicted shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one third Part thereof to him, her or them who shall sue for the same, or make Information of the Offence, and the remaining third Part thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; the same (in case of Conviction before two Justices) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; and shall also, for every such Offence, by the Court or by such Justices as the Case shall happen, be committed to the County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one whole Year and from thence till the said Sum of two hundred Pounds so forfeited as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That any Person who shall think him or herself aggrieved by the Judge Appeal to the meat or Determination of such Justices in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall have Liberty to appeal to quarter seffi the next Quarter sessions to be held for the County, City or Place where such Judgement or Determi on' nation shall be made or given, and that the Judgement to be given by the Justices of the next Quarter Litton lib" Sessions shall be final. final.

XXXI. And whereas, by Reafort of the Absence of several Persons, being Creditors and others of the said Corporation, and of other Impediments and Disabilities, their respective Claims could not be

received, heard, adjusted and determined within the Time limited and prescribed by the Act herein

first recited Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Robert Hoford, John reliefforclaims Bonnet, James Lighthoun, William Kynaston and Francis Elde, or any three or more of them, shall have not determined full Power and Authority to date and ascertain the Accounts, and to hear and determine the Claims 'byhe and Demands of all and every such Person and Persons, being Creditors of the said Corporation, or former Act. entitled to any Share or Shares in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation, or any ways interested

in any of the Kffedts of or belonging to the same, as have not made and entered their respective,

in the Manner and within the Time limited, directed and prescribed by the said Act; provided the said Claims be made on or before the twenty firth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand - hundred and thirty-three; anything contained in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and publick act. taken to be a public Act, of which all Judges and Justices are to take Notice, and if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for what he shall do in Pursuance of this Act, such Action or Limitation of Suit shall be commenced within six Months, and not afterwards; and such Persons shall and may a'ftl0ns plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence. ste ign.z. rn,

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors.

PR.

Three Parts in four in Number and Value of the Corporation Creditors may, before 25 Dec. 1733, compound with them for Debts, whose Agreement shall be binding to the rest of the Creditors. Such Agreement made by Trustees, (sfc. binding to Infants.

C 37-

Anno sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1733.

The Acts 3 Geo. 2. c. 25. Geo. 2. c. 7. for regulating' Juries, made perpetual.

In wl atmanner Justices of sef iions or Assize for Cliefter, Larcaster and Durham may appoint Special Juries.

See 24. Geo. 2. C i 3. what Cofit shall be paid for special jury. And farther,

29 Geo. 2. c. 19.

The Aa 11 Geo. 1. c. 24. relating to Cloth made in york shire,

(Exception)

continued till

I Sept. 1740.

See 7 Geo. 2. c. 25.

II. Geo. 2. c. 28. i4geo. 2. C 35.

The Act 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. for preventing Perkins going in Disguise, &c.

12 Geo. 1. c. 30.

further continued to 1 Sept. 1736.

Made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. f.42.

Maiiciously destroying Panks of Rivers, &c. Felony without Clergy.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries, and for impowering the Justices of Session or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, to appoint a Special Jury in Manner therein mentioned, and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York (except a Clause therein contained) and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or any Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds, and for continuing an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in two odier Acts made for the same Purpose.

'!51c7'

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, are expired or near expiring May it therefore please your most Excellent majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confetti of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ike letter Regulation of Juries, and also one other actt made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the third Year of his Majests Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex, which said A else are temporary and are near expiring, shall be and are hereby made perpetual.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Session or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of chester, Lancaster and Durham, upon Motion made on Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or on Motion of any Prosecutor or Defendant in any Indictment or Information, for any Misdemeanour, or on the Motion of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, Cause or Suit whatsoever, depending or to be brought and carried on in the Courts of Session or Assize of the said Counties Palatine of defer, Lancaster and Durham, or in any of them, shall and may, in case such Justices in their Discretion shall think fit, order and appoint a Jury to be struck before the proper Officer of each Court respectively, for the Trial of any issue joined in any of the said Cases, in such Manner as Special Juries have been usually struck in the Courts of lav/at Westminster, upon Trials at Bar had in the said Courts, which Jury so struck as aforesaid, shall be the Jury" returned for the Trial of such Issue as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the jvejl Riding of the County of York, and every Clause, Article and Thing therein contained (other than and except such Part of the said Act as restrains any p.rfon, not having served seven Years as an Apprentice to the Trade of a Broad Clothier, or not having exercised and used such Trade for the Space of two Years before the Commencement of the said Act, except as therein is excepted, from making or causing to be made any Broad Cloth in the said West Riding, under the Penalties therein mentioned) which said Act was to continue in Force for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring, shall by Virtue of this Act be continued, and shall be in Force from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majests Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, which was to continue in Force for three Years from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was continued from the Expiration thereof for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring, shall be and is hereby further continued unril the first Day of September which shall bin the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and during the Continuance of the hit before mentioned Act, shall unlawfully and maliciously break down or cut down the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted,

Anno sexto Georgii II.

C 38. j49

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Maittofauai

Clergy. tfsiocvz M*'

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and maiiciouflycut after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, shall (during tile tins hop bind Continuance of the before mentioned Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual psmijshing wicked and l^rgy. without evil disposed Persons, going armed in dis guise, and doing Injuries and Violence s 10 the Persons and Properties a Cco.1. c. 12. of his Majestf s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to justice) unlawfully and inalici. Farther con ously cut any hop binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops, every Person or Persons so of cl"c. 2. C 57/ sending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as Majestrftiai in Cales of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. b 3' c».*.r.4*«

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made iiv the thirteenth and The Act i3

fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft '4 Car. - C and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and which by several Acts hath from Time to Time rapineo^the been continued, and is near expiring, shall be and is hereby further continued, and shall be and conn. Borders, C tinue in Force until the first Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand continued to seven hundred and forty-four, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 'and further by

24 Geo. 2. c. 57.* Made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the last mentioned Act shall be and deemed'a deemed, adjudged and taken to be a public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, public Act. Justices and other Persons whatsoever.

IX. And whereas in and by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles Powers in tlw the Second, intituled, An Act to continue a former Act to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern £10 ' Borders of England, the Benefit of Clergy is taken away from great, known and notorious Thieves and spoil takers in the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, or either of them, during the Continuance of the said Acts, who (hold be duly convicted for Theft done or committed within the said Counties, or either of them, or otherwise that it should and might be lawful for the Justices of the Assize and Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, before whom such Offenders

should be convicted within the said Counties, or either of them, to transport or cause to be transportod the said Offenders, and every of them, into any of his Majesty's Dominions in America, thereto re main and not return: And whereas in and by an Act made in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing of two forcer als and i9 & 3o

for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, the several Justices of the Cai 2- C

of the said respective Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland are empowered, from Time to raidncom! ' ime, at the respective Quarter sessions, to take good and sufficient Security of the Person or Persons shred to i Sept, ' by them employed in the said Service for the Preservation of the said respective Counties from Theft »744j ' and Rapine, to answer the Damages fuilained by any Person or Persons by his or their Neglect or Default therein, and to pay and satisfy the same within four Months after that Proof thereof ftioiiid nave been made by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before' the Justices of the Peace of the said respective Counties, at the next Quarter sessions in the respective County (which Oath or Oaths the said Justice of Justices are thereby authorised to administer) so as the Goods stolen were entered in one of the Books to be kept for that Purpose, within the Space of forty-eight Hours after the same (hold have been stolen or gone: And it is thereby enacted, that Books (Hold be kept for that End in every Market Town of the said respective Counties, and at such other conve nient Places therein, and by such Person or Persons as the said Justices of the peace in the said re spedlive Counties, at their General Sessions of the Peace, (hold order or appoint, and also that the said several Justices of the Peace of the said respective Counties, at the General quarter sessions of the Peace for the said Counties respectively, (hold yearly, or every two Years at the farthest, in open Court, make choice of and appoint lueh Person or Persons, as they should respectively think.

fit, for the said Counties respectively. be employed in the said Service; which said several Clauses,

Powers and Authorities, have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are expired Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the several herein before mentioned Clauses, Powers and Authorities in the said several Acts, for the preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, contained, shall be and are hereby revived, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and shall continue in Force until the first:

Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament and no longer.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Acts, as to the said and be deemed herein before mentioned Clauses, Powers and Authorities in the said several Acts, for the preventing of pu 1c Ats" Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, contained, shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be public Acts, and be judicially taken Notice of as such. by. all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for enlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea.

EXP.

W^A S by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 7 Geo. i. Sat. ' \ V George, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading itr the i. C u.

East indies under foreign Commisscm, and for encouraging and further, securing the lawful Trade thereto,

Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

After 14 June 1733, Tea lawfully imported, and then remaining in the vvure houses of the east-india Company, may be exported in 3 Years,

on due Compliance to all Laws touching such Exportation, not hereby altered.

C 1, -3.

and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal and the isle of Thanet, the respective Times then limited by Law for the Exportation of all foreign Goods and Merchandizes entitled to Drawbacks, were extended and enlarged to the Time of three Years from the Importation of such Goods; And whereas the above-mentioned Lime of three Years hath by Experience been found inconvenient, and too short for the Exportation of Tea: ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three it shall and may be lawful to export to foreign Parts any Tea lawfully imported, and then remaining in the Warehouse or Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, so as the same be exported within the Space of three Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day. of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and so as the same do remain in the said Warehouse or Warehouses of the said Company, until the same shall be duly delivered out for the Exportation thereof, and that the same Repayments, Allowances and Drawbacks shall be made and allowed for and upon the Exportation thereof as are made and allowed upon the Exportation thereof pursuant to the Laws for that purpose now in Force.

II. Provided nevertheless, That all and every the Laws now in Force relating to the Exportation of Tea, or to the Repayments, Allowances or Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof, be, in every Circumstance and Respect not altered by this Act, dujy complied with and observed.

Anno septimo GEORGII II.

f AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-third Day of January, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, in the rirft Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE II. by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the seventeenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, being the seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and the seventh Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills; Lottery Tickets, and Orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalising his Highness the Prince of Orange.

WHEREAS the King's most Excellent Majesty (whom God long preserve) hath been pleased, to e universal Joy and Satisfaction of his People, and for the better strengthening of the Protestant Interest in Europe, to give his eldest Daughter the Princess Royal, possessing the most exalted Virtues, and adorned with all possible Accompliftiments, in Marriage to his Highness the Prince of

Orange, defeended from that illustrious House to whom this Nation owes its Deliverance from Popery and Slavery, and to whose Memory this Kingdom will always express the utmost Gratitude for the many Blessings we enjoy, particularly for the nappy Settlement of the Crown upon the present Royal

Family: And whereas a more grateful Proof of the Efteeni and Affection of this Kingdom cannot be given to the Heir of that illustrious Family, and the Inheritor of their Virtues, than by an Act of

'*Naturalisation to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties, which our great Deliverer preserved to these Kingdoms: And whereas, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the ac 1 C 2. 1 r.eisn Xing James the First, every Person is required to receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper

within One Month before any Bill of Naturalisation be exhibited, and alto to take the Oaths of

Supremacy and Allegiance in the Parliament House before his or her Bill be twice read: And > o o 1 whereas, by an act passed in the first year of his late majesty King George, it was enacted, That no

Person shall be naturalised, unless, in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose, a Clause or particular '*.Words be inserted to declare, that such Person shall not thereby be enab ed to be of the Privy Council, or a Metriber of either House of Parliament, 'or to take any office or Place of Trust,

A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgii II. c. 4^-6. 151

'either Civil or Military, or to have any Giant of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the 1 Crown to himself, or any other Person in Trud for him; and that no Bill (hold from thence forth be received in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Words be first inserted or contained therein; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Bill for the Naturalisation of his Highness the Prince of ^raiizin* the Orange, without the Clause or particular Words directed by the said last recited Adito be inserted, ivince'^f and without his receiving the Sacrament, or taking the Oaths by the first recited Act required, shall and Orange may may be exhibited and brought into this Parliament, and twice read; the said recited Acts, or any other !^ith^, u Law, Statute, Matter, orrhing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. conforming to

1.., the said as,

CAP. IV.

An Act for naturalising the most Serene Prince William Charles Henry Frifo, Prince of Orange and Nassau.

WHEREAS the King's most Excellent Majesty (whom God long preserve) hath been pleased, to the universal Joy and Satisfaction of his People, and for the better strengthening of the Protestant Interest in Europe, to give his eldest Daughter the Princess Royal, possessing the most exalted Virtues, and adorned with all possible Accomplishments, in Marriage to his most Serene Highness

jviu'.am Charles Henry Frifo, Prince of Orange and Nassau, defeended from that illustrious House,

to which this Kingdom owes its Preservation from Popery and Slavery, effected by their Glorious Deliverer King William the Third, to whose memory this Nation will always express the utmost Gra ' titude for the many Blefiings they enjoy, particularly for the happy Settlement of the Crown upon the present Royal Family: And whereas a more grateful Proof of the Esteem and Affection of this Nation cannot be given to the Heir of that illustrious Family, and the Inheritor of its Virtues, than by an Act of Naturalisation to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties, which their great Deliverer so happily refeued and secured:: 'therefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Prince, his most Serene The Prince of Highness William Charles Henry Frifo, Prince of Orange and Nassau, be, to all Intents and Purposes tedeimeda whatsoever, deemed, taken, and esteemed a natural born Subject of this Kingdom, as if the said natural born Prince had been born within this Realm; any Law, Statute, Matter, or Thing whatsoever to the Subject of this contrary notwithstanding. Kingdom.

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the The Powers Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for laying a Duty of two Pennies granted by ascots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold further conttl within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, jor supplying the said Town with Frefo Water, and nued for 25 for other Purposes therein mentioned. PR. Years,

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Geo 2 C further Term of seven Years; and for licensing the erecting new Refineries of Rock Salt in the 5 Counties of Essex and Suffolk. "The Duties on Salt granted by y Geo. 2. c. 6. further continued for "7 Years. Clause of Loan for one million, at 4l. percent." EXP. "

XVII. AND whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne,

LI it is enacted, That no Rock Salt whatsoever shall be refined or made into White Salt in any Place or Places whatsoever within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except in such Places as are or shall be within ten Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits from whence such Rock Salt shall be taken, or at any such Places as on or be fore the tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and two, 'shall, have been used for the refi ning of Rock Salt, und r a Penalty therein expressed: whereas there has been anciently and are now Houses or Places in which Rock Salt has been and is refined or made into: White Sais, at Heybridge, Colchester, and Maningtree, in the County of Essex, at Ipswich, Woodbridge, jvauerjwick, and Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, and those Places, and the Country thereabouts, having no Op ' portunity of being supplied with other Salt than Salt refined or made from Rock Salt, and as it may happen that the Refiners of Rock Salt at those Houses or Places may not make sufficient Quantities of.

White Salt to supply the Country thereabouts, or may hold up what they do make to an exorbitant after24march, ' Price, knowing no other Person whatsoever can, by reason of the above recited Act, erect, or setup Loners any new Refinery; 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from, and saltduties °" after the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, it shall and may be may grant LI lawful to and for the Commissioners and Governors for levying and managing his Majesty's Duties northeast.

on Salt and Rock Salt for the time being, or the major Part of them, to permit or licence any Per Rock Salt at son or Persons to ercdl, setup, or make use of any House, Building, or Place, proper for the Refining ofheytru/ge, erf

Pvock^"' &c'

so as his Majesty Duties be secured.

See farther,

8 Geo. 3. c. 12.

all Contracts made after 1 June 1734, for Liberty to put upon, accept, or refuse any Public Stocks or Securities, and Wagers relating to the Value of Stocks, shall be void,

and the Money paid thereon, reflofed, or may be reco vered by Ailion commenced in 6 Months, with Double Casts.

Persons sued on this Act obliged to answer oh Oath with Regard to such Contrail.

Plaintiffs, on filing a Bill, to give Security for answering Cods; otherwise the Defendant may refuse to appear. 500l. Penalty, on making or executing any such Putts or Bargains,

Exceptions,

C y3s. Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

Rock Salt, and making it into White Salt, so as the Number to be new erected, setup, made use of, and licensed, do not exceed one at each of the said Places that is to say, at Heybridge, Cchhejfer, Maningtree, Ipswich, Woodbridge, Walderswick, and Southwold, at each one; and the said Commission -- ers, or the major Part of them, are hereby required, upon due Request made to them from the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter sessions held for the County, Riding, Division, or Town nearest to any of the Places afore named, to permit and licence the erecting or setting up such new Refineries as before recited; and such Permits or Licences from the Commissioners being granted in manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for Rock Salt to be melted, refined, and made into White Salt in such Houses or Places as shall be so licensed as aforesaid; thing in the said Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; as the said Houses or Places be duly entered with the proper Officers for collecting His Majesty's Duties on Salt, and so as His Majesty's Duties for all the Salt so refined or made into White Salt be duly charged, answered, and paid to His Majesty's Use.

14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 32.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred thirty and four. EXP. 2s. in the Pound.

CAP. VIII.

An act to prevent the infamous Practice of stock jobbing.

WHEREAS great Inconveniences have arisen and do daily arise by the wicked, pernicious and destructive Practice of stock jobbing, whereby many of His Majesty's good Subjects have been and are diverted from pursuing and exercising their lawful Trades and Vocations, to the ut ter Ruin of themselves and P amilies, to the great Discouragement of Industry, and to the manifest Detriment of Trade and Commerce; 'For Remedy thereof, may it please your 1110ft Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Contracts and Agreements whatsoever, which shall, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, be made or entered into, by or between any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon which any Premium or consideration in the Nature of a Premium shall be given or paid for Liberty to put upon, or to deliver, receive, accept, or refuse any Public or Joint Stock, or other Public Securities whatsoever, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, and also. all. Wagers and Contracts in the Nature of Wagers, and all Contracts in the Nature of Putts and Refusals, relating to the then present or future Price or Value of any such Stock or Securities, as aforesaid, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and all Premiums, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever shall be given, received, paid, or delivered, upon all such contracts or Agreements, or upon any such Wagers, or Contrails in the Nature of Wagers, as aforesaid, shall be restored and repaid to the Person or Persons who shall give, pay, or deliver the same, who shall be at Liberty, within Six Months from and after the making such Contract or Agreement, or laying any such Wager, to sue for and recover the same from the Person or Persons to whom the same is or shall be paid or delivered, with Double Costs of Suit, by action of Debt founded on this act, to be prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in which action no Efibin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and it shall be sufficient therein for the Plaintiff to allege that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff, or has received to the plaintiff's Use, the Money or Premium so paid or received, whereby the plaintiff's Action accrued to him, according to the Form of this Statute, without setting forth the special Matter.

II. And for the better Discovery of the Moneys or Premium which shall be given, paid, or delivered, and to be sued for and recovered, as aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person or Persons who, by virtue of this present Acts, shall or may be liable to be sued for the same, shall be obliged and compellable to answer upon Oath fifth Bill as shall be preferred against him or them in any Court of Equity for discovering any such Contract or Wager, and the Slim of Money or Premium so given, paid, or delivered, as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That the Plaintiffs, Relators, or Informers in such Bill shall and do (at the Time of bringing or filing such Bill) give good and sufficient Security to answer and pay the Defendants in such Bill full Costs of Suit, in case such Costs shall be adjudged to the Defendants, and that no Person shall be obliged to appear or to answer such Bill, until such Security is given.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall enter into, make, or execute any such Contract, Bargain, or Agreement, upon which any Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, shall be given or paid for Liberty to puit upon or to deliver, receive, accept, or refuse any Public or Joint Stock, or other Public Securities whatsoever, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, or any Contract or Bargain in the Nature of Putts and Refusals, as aforesaid, or shall lay any such Wager, or make any such Contract in the Nature of a Wager, as aforesaid (except such Person or Persons who shall actually and bona jidc, without Covin or Collusion, sue, and with effect prosecute for the Recovery of the Money or Premium given, delivered, or paid by him, her, or them, as aforesaid; also except such Person or Persons, who

A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgii II. c. 8.

(hnll voluntarily, before any Action or Suit commenced, actually and bitwfde, without Covin or col lusion, repay or tender, before one or more Witness or Witnesses, i'uch Moneys or Premium, as he, she, or they shall have had, taken, received, or been paid, as aforesaid; ahb except such persons who shall discover such Transactions in any Court of Equity) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and also all and every Brokers, Agents, Scriveners, or other Persons negotiating, transacting, or writing any such Contract, Bargain, or agreement, as aforesaid, shall likewise forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; which said Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Privilege, Proteddion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her or them, who shall sue for the same.

V. And for preventing the evil Practice of compounding or making up Differences for Stocks or other Securities bought, sold, or at any Time hereafter to be agreed Voto be. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Money or other Consideration whatsoever (except as herein after is provided) shall, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, be voluntarily given, paid, had, or received, for the compounding, satisfying, or making up any Difference for the not delivering, transferring, having, or receiving any Public or Joint Stock, or other Public Securities, or for the not performing of any Contract or Agreement so llipuiated and agreed to be performed; but that all and every such Contract and Agreement shall he specifically performed and executed on all Sides, and the Stock or Seeuiity thereby agreed to be assigned, transferred, or delivered. Avail be actually so done, and the Money, or other Consideration thereby agreed to be given and paid for the same, Avail also be actually and really given and paid; and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, voluntarily compound, make up, pay, satisiy, take, or receive, such Difference Money, or other Consideration whatsoever, for the not delivering, transferring, aaigning, having, or receiving such Stock, or other Security so to be agreed to be delivered, transferred, assigned, had, or received, as aforesaid (except in the Manner herein alter provided) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her or them, who shall sue for the same.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons, who shall sell any Public or Joint Stock, or other Public Securities, to be delivered and paid for on a certain Day, and which shall be refused or neglected to be paid for, according to such Agreement, shall be obliged to transfer the same; but it Avail and nvay be lawful for such Person or Persons to sell such Stock or other Securities, which shall be so refused or neglected to be paid for, to any other Person or Persons for the best Price whiclv can be obtained; and after such Sale to receive (if the Parties can agree) or to recover, as aforesaid, from the Person or Persons who first contrasted for the same, all the Damage which shall be sustained thereby.

VII. And provided also, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall buy any Public or Joint Stock, or otlver Public Securities, to be accepted and paid for on a future Day, and which shall be refused or neglected to be transferred, to buy the like Quantity of such Stock, or other Public Securities, of any other Person or Persons at the current Market Price, and to recover and receive, after such Purchase and Acceptance (if the Parties can agree) from the Person or Persons who first contracted to sell or deliver the same, the Damage which Avail be sustained by reason of the not delivering or not transferring such Stock or other Securities 5 anything in this Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas it is a frequent and mischievous Practice for Persons to sell and dispose of Stocks, or other Securities, of which tlvey are not possessed Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contrasts and Agreements whatsoever, which Avail, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, be made or entered into for the buying, selling, assigning, or transferring of any Public or Joint Stock or Stocks, or other Public Securities whatsoever, or of any Part, Share, or Interest therein, whereof the Person or Persons contracting or agreeing, or on wlvofe Behalf the Contrast or Agreement shall be made, to sell, assign, and transfer the same, shall not, at the Time of making such Contrast or Agreement, be actually possessed of, or entitled unto, in his, her, or their own Right, or in his, her, or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of a Trustee or Trustees to their Use, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, contracting or agreeing, or on whose Behalf, and with wlvofe Confetvt, any Contract or Agreement shall be made, to sell, assign, or transfer any Public or Joint Stock or Stocks, or other Public Securities, whereof such Person or Persons Avail not, at the Time of making such Contrast or Agreement, be actually possessed of, or entitled unto, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of a Trustee or Trustees, to their Use, or their own Right, as aforesaid, Avail forfeit anj pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Crfo of him, her. or them who Avail

Vol. VI X sue

100 1. Penalty cn giving or receiving Money to compound Differences relating to Stock not actually delivered,

Stock sold, and not paid for at the Time prefixed, maybe sold to any other. Persons,

and the Buyer to make good the Damage.

Stock bought, and not transferred at the Time prefixed, the Buyer may purchase other Stock, and recover his Damage.

5001. Penalty on buying or selling Stock, of which they are not actually possessed at the Time of the Contrast.

154 C 9*

Anno septimo Georgii. II

A.D. 1734.

jool. Penalty on Brokers negotiating such Contrati.

After 1 Tunc 1734, all Connects for Stock to b truly cn trtd in the Brokers Book,

on Penalty of co 1. for each Offence.

Contrasts for Stock made with the Privity of the Accountant of the Chancery may be made as before.

This Act not to hinder Persons from lending Money on publick Stocks, or prevent the re delivering thereof, on Repayment of the Money lent.

This Act to be in force from 1 Juno 1734, for 3 Years.

Made perpetual by 10 Geo. II C 8.*

For former Lmvs re sir to 13 Ed. 2.

A < 5-

2 & 3 P. & At

C S.

5 e/iz. C 13. ts Eltst. C io. 29 fjiz. C 5.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C 6.

22 Car. 7. C 12.

3 IV & M. C 12. 8 S tv. 3. r. 16. After 24 June 1734, Surveyors may make a Presentment of Hedges annoying the Roads,

sue for the same 5 and all and every Broker or Brokers, Agent or Agents, who shall negotiate, trans al, or intermeddle in the making or procuring to be made any such Contract or Agreement, as aforesaid, and shall know that the Person or Persons, by whom or on whose Behalf such Contract or Agreement shall be made, is or are not possessed of, or entitled unto, the Stock or Security, concerning which such Contract or Agreement shall be made, in his, her, or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of a Trustee or Trustees for their Use or Right, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of Iris majesty's Courts of Record at lYejhmnjln\ in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her, or them, who shall iue for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, all and every Broker or Brokers, or other Person or Persons, who shall negotiate or act as a Broker receiving Brokerage, in the buying, selling, or otherwise disposing of any of the said Public or Joint Stocks, or other Public Securities, shall respectively keep a Book or Register, which shall be called Tbs Broker; Book; in which said Book he and they shall fairly, justly, and truly enter all Contracts, Agreements and Bargains, that he or they shall from time to time make between any Person or Persons whatsoever, on the Day of the making such Contract or Agreement, together with the Names of the principal Parties, as well Buyers as Sellers, and also the Day of making such Contract or Agreement, to the Intent and Purpose that such Broker or Brokers, and other Person or Persons, acting or negotiating as such, as aforesaid, shall from time to time produce such Book or Register, when thereunto lawfully required: And in case such Broker or Brokers, or any other, who shall negotiate or act as a Broker, as aforesaid, in relation to any the said Matters, shall not keep such Book or Register, or shall wilfully omit to enter therein, fairly, justly, and truly, any such Contract, Bargain or Agreement, as aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such Offence or Omission, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her, or them, wrho shall sue for the same.

X Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Contrails or Agreements for the Purchase or Sale of any Stock, Annuities, or other Public Securities, to be made with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of any Decree or Order of the said Court; but that all such Contracts and Agreements may be made and performed in the same Manner as they might have been, if this Act had never been made.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons from lending any Sum or Sums of Money on any Public or Joint Stock or other Public Securities whatsoever, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, or to prevent or hinder any Defeazance, Contract, or Agreement, being made and entered into for the re delivering, assigning, or transferring such Public or Joint Stock, or other Public Securities, or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, upon the Repayment of the Sum or Sums of Money, which shall have been lent and borrowed thereupon, with Interest for the same, so as no Premium or other Consideration whatsoever be paid to, or received by the Person or Persons lending such Money, for or in Consideration of such Loan, more than legal Interest.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this prerent Act shall continue and be in Force from the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain and make more effectual the Laws in being, to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to common Highways, to cut and keep low such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways.

WHEREAS the making die common Highways as commodious as may be, tends greatly to the Ease and Safety of His Majesty's Subjects, and to the Advantage of Trade and Commerce: And whereas in many Places the common Highways are greatly damaged by the Hedges adjoining thereto, being of such Height as to hinder thereby the Advantages which would otherwise accrue to the said Highways by the Sun and Winds: And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether in such Cases the Laws in being have provided a sufficient remedy be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, on any View or Views which they are required by Law to make of the Highways within their respective Parillies, Places, Limits, and Jurisdictions, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, find

A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgii II. c. 10. 155

any common Highway deep and foundrous, and the Hedge or Hedges adjoining to such Higway to be

so high, as thereby to prevent the Benefit and Advantage which such Highway would otherwise receive

from the Sun and Winds, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and he or they

are hereby required, to make a Presentment of such Hedge or Hedges, so damaging and annoying

such common Highway, to the Justices of the Peace who Jive in or near the Division where the said

Highway is, at their special Sessions held for such Purposes; Justices of the Peace, or any Two to the justic«,

of them, are hereby empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to summon the Occupier or rpeo>'t w

Occupiers of the Lands adjoining to such Highways, whose Hedge or Hedges is or are nrefented as thcpauni's jr'

aforesaid, to appear at the next monthly or other public Meeting of the Justices of the Peace, in or veyor C > give

near the said Division, to show Cause why such Hedge or Hedges should not be new made or cut low; q°v'^r to llie

and in case such Person or Persons, so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to send' 'r'

some Person duly authorised to appear for them, according to such Summons; or if it shall appear upon

due Examination and Proof upon Oath before the said Justices, that such Way is deep and foundrous,

+and damaged as aforesaid, by the Height of such adjoining Hedge or Hedges, the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, are hereby required to issue out a Precept under their Hands and Seals, to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish or Place where such Hedge or Hedges so presented

is or are situated, directing such Surveyor or Surveyors to give or leave Notice in Writing at (Such No, ic "to

the dwelling house or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, whose Hedge or Hedges was twee ituitlsept:

or were presented as aforesaid, that he, she, or they, is or are thereby required to new make or and 1 Feb.)

cut low the said Hedge or Hedges, within thirty Days after such Notice (provided always, That The Surveyor

such Notice be given between the last Day of September and the first Day of February) and in hedge^whhm

case of his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect to do the same within thirty Days after such No 3 Feet of the

tice as aforesaid, the said Surveyor or Surveyors are hereby required to cause tyre said Hedge or Bank, on Own

Hedges to be new made or cut low, as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall in their Discretion ^30 Days

think moult reasonable, so as such Hedge or Hedges be left at least three Feet High above the Nonce.

Bank.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons as Ural! re the Charge to

fuse or negleift to new make or cut low such Hedge or Hedges, shall repay to the said Surveyor or bytl*'

Surveyors, such reasonable Expenses as he or they shall have been put to on that Occasion; in case

of Refusal or Neglect to repay such Expenses within fourteen Days after the same shall have been demanded, the Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made to them at their monthly or other public Meeting, in or near the Division where the said Hedge or Hedges, so new made or cut low, is or are situated, and due Proof upon Oath of such Expenses of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall, and are hereby required to issue out a Precept or Warrant under the Hands and Seals of them or any two of them, to the Constable and Borsholders, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Hundred, s.rjevied

Parish, or Place, where such Hedge or Hedges is or are situated, requiring them to levy, for the Rc Dl ref3'

payment of such Surveyor or Surveyors, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Expenses shall amount unto, upon the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons as has or have refused or neg letfted to pay the same, as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods so distrained to the Owner and Owners thereof: the necessary Charges of making and selling such Distress being first deduced This Act not to

ucuuticu.^. alter the Laws

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any with regard to

wife to alter the Laws in being, in relation to Timber Trees which grow in Hedges adjoining to com Timber Trees mon Highways. _ sledge? nor

IV. Provided always, That all former Laws now in being, for amending the Highways of this King any Law for

dom, and the Penalties therein prescribed, shall be and remain in as full Force as if thus Act had never amending the been made. Highways.

oee farther,

8 Geo. 2. c. 20. q Geo. 2. C 18. 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. 15 Geo. 2. c. 2. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29. 18 Geo. 2. a-33. 21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 24 Geo. 2. c. 4*. 26^.2.

1. 28 30. 2.8 Geo. 2. c. 17. 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. X -

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and to allow them further Time for that Purpose; to enable the vice-chancellor of the University, and Mayor of the Town of Cambridge, to at as Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, notwithstanding the Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace. Persons in Offices qualifying themselves by 29 Sept. 1734. indemnified, and their acts valid.

Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, qualifying themselves by z9 Sept. 1734. indemnified.

EXP.

III. AND whereas by an A hr made and passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, geoi? C 1?intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, it is amongst other 5 ' Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, no Person should be capable of being a Justice of the Peace, or to at as a Justice of the Peace, for any County within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, who Should not have an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold to and for his own Use and Benefit,

in possession, for Life or for some greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, or an Estate for Years de terminable upon any one or more Life or Lives, or for a certain Term originally created for one and twenty Years, or more, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying in that Part of Great

X 2.*Britain

C ir. Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

Britain called England, or Principality of Wales, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, ' over and above what will satisfy and discharge all Encumbrances that may affect the same; in which said Act it is provided. That the said Act or anything therein contained should not extend, nor be construed to extend, to any City or Town being a County of itself, nor to any other City, Town, Cinque Port, or Liberty, having Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits and Precincts, ' by Charter, Commission, or otherwise, but that in evefy such City, Town, Liberty, and Place, ' such Persons may be capable to be Justices of the Peace, and in such Manner only, as they might have been if the said Act had never been made: And whereas it hath' been customary for the vice Chancellor of the University, and Mayor of the Town of Cambridge, for the time being, to be Juf ' ticcs of the Peace of the County of Cambridge, and it may be inconvenient to have the said Qualifi the Vice Chan cation of one hundred Pounds a Year to extend to them; 'He it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ceuorand May That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, the mnyeftasjufesaid recited Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to de aices in the said prive the said vice-chancellor of the said University, or the Mayor of the said Town of Cambridge County though fr the time being, or either of them, from being a justice or Justices of the Peace in the said County, cording teethe'"nor to Lbjefl any Vice Chancellor of the said University, or Mayor of the said Town, to any Penalties recited°aft. or Forfeitures for acting as a Justice or Justices of the Peace in the said County; anything in the said Cohering juf Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

rices see farther, 15 Geo. 2. c. 24. 16 Geo. 2. c. 18. is Geo. 2. c. 20. 24 Geo. a. 0.44 55. Geo. 2. c. 14 Gf 27. 27 Geo. 2. c. 16 Ef 20. 1 Geo. 3. c. 13.

"Persons prosecuted before 1 March 1733. for not qualifying themselves, and convicted by z8 Nov.

"1734. not to be relieved by this Act. Offices already avoided by Law, not to be restored."

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Application and Disposal of the Reficlue of the Money raised by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act made in the Gaol Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned.

PR.

Geo. 2. c. 33.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing of to examine, fate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation are Objects of Compajfon, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to such Sufferers; and for enforcing the Laws made against Foreign Lotteries; and for empowering the said Commisswners to hear and determine the Claims of such Creditors and Proprietors of the said Corporation, as have not made their Claims within the Time limited by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for taking, sating, and determining all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation; Robert Holford, John Bennet, Janies Lightboim, William Kynafon, and Francis Eld, Esquires, five of the Masters of the high Court of Chancery, were appointed Commissioners to examine, state, and report, which of the Sufferers in the said Corporation were Objects of Compassion within the de feription therein after mentioned, and entitled to Relief, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and the said Commissioners were thereby required to deliver into each House of Parliament, within fourteen Days after the Opening of the then next Session, a particular and distinct Account in Writing, of the Names of the several Persons who should have applied to them pursuant to the said Act, and of their several Titles or Qualifications to receive the Relief intended to be given to them respectively: And it was thereby further enacted, That such of the Creditors and Proprietors of Stock or Shares, Notes or Bonds, in the said Corporation (except as therein is excepted) as should on or before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, that they respectively were qualified, within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Adito such Relief as aforesaid, and in all Things conform themselves to the Rules and Directions in the said Act appointed and prescribed, should be deemed and taken to be Objects of Compassion, and should be entitled to the Relief thereby intended, in such Shares, Degrees, and Proportions, as by the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament should be determined and appointed: In which said Act is contained a Proviso, That nothing therein contained should be intended, or be construed to extend, to give any Relief to John Thomson, George Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, therein named, or to any other Person or Persons concerned as Committee Men or Assistants of the said Corporation, at any Time between the twenty sixth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, and the twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, except the Honourable Walter molcf worth and William Aifabie, Esquires, and George Jackson; it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute or advance the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, by paying, within the Time therein limited, into the Bank of England, or to such Cashier or Cashiers, as should by the Bank be for that Purpose appointed, diverse entire Sums of four Pounds, for the Purchase of Tickets, to be drawn by way of Lottery, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Management, Orders, and Regulations, as are therein and thereby mentioned, provided, and appointed; and the said five Commissioners, or the major Part of them, were thereby authorised and empowered, out of the Money to be contributed by the said act, to make proper Allowances to the Bank of England, and to reward the Managers and Directors of the said Lottery, and the Clerks, Officers,

157 A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgii II. c. 11.

and other Persons to be employed for the Purposes of the said Act, and to discharge all such in cident Expenses as should. necessarily attend the Passing and Execution of the same, in such Manner as is therein mentioned; and the Cashier and Cashiers were thereby required and directed to pay the said Commissioners two hundred Pounds each, in consideration of their Labour and Trouble in the Execution of the several Matters directed by the said Act to be by them done and performed, and also to pay the Money due and payable for the Fortunate Tickets to be drawn in the said Lottery,

and also from time to time, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, to exhibit, or cause to be exhibited to them, a true and just Account of the Moneys raised by virtue of the said Act,

£ and how the same had been disposed of to the Time of exhibiting such Account; and it was thereby further declared and enacted, That the Residue of the Money arising, and to be contributed by virtue of and upon the Credit of the said Act, which, after Payment of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, thereby directed to be issued to the Proprietors of the Fortunate Tickets respectively, the Payments of the Salaries, and Rewards to the said Commissioners, and also of the said Managers and Directors, and the Clerks, Agents, and Officers employed by them, and other the incident Charges attending the Execution of the Powers of the said Act, should be applied and disposed of for the Be ' nefit and Relief of the Sufferers in the said Corporation, who are Objefis of Compassion, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, as by the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament should be ordered, directed, and appointed: And whereas the Commissioners have, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, by a Report under their Hands, delivered to each House of Parliament, certified and reported the Names, as well of the several Persons who have applied to them in pursuance of and within the Time limited for that Purpose in the said Act, as of those who have applied to them after the Time limited therein, and their several Qualifications and Titles to receive the Relief intended by the said Act, and have also certified and reported the Names of such of the said Persons as have made it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that they respectively are qualified to such Relief as aforesaid, within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and the several Debts, Sums of Money, Claims, and Demands, due to and claimed by them from the said Corporation, in respect or on account whereof, respectively they are entitled to such Relief as aforesaid, and which said Debts,

Sums of Money, Claims, and Demands of the said Sufferers, who applied within the Time limited by the said Act, as also of those who applied after the Time therein limited, as stated and computed by the said Commissioners, amount together to the Sum of one hundred fifty six thousand and twenty Pounds one Shilling and threepence Halfpenny: And whereas a Mistake was made in the said Report, of five hundred Pounds, to the Prejudice of David Avery: And whereas several other Pro prietors and Creditors of the said Corporation have, through Ignorance or Inadvertence, omitted to take the Oath directed by the aforesaid Act, within the Time therein limited and pveferibed for that Purpose; but have, since the Commissioners delivering their said Report, taken the same, and appear to be Objects of Compassion, within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and the Claims and Demands of such Persons amount to the Sum of four thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds seventeen Shillings and seven Pence Farthing, which together with the Demand of Jane Blanchard, who hath taken the said Oath, and is a Sufferer to the Amount of one hundred Pounds, being added to the said Sum of one hundred fifty six thousand and twenty Pounds one Shilling and threepence Halfpenny, makes the Demands of the Creditors and Proprietors of the said Corporation, who appear to be Objefis of Compassion, to amount in the Whole to the Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings: And whereas the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds hath been contributed and advanced upon the Credit of the said Act, and been paid to the Cashiers appointed by the Bank of England in that Behalf: And whereas it appears that after d'edufting and retaining the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to the Proprietors of the Fortunate Tickets to be drawn in the said Lottery, and the Payment of the Allowances, Salaries, and Rewards, to the said Commissioners, Managers, Officers, Agents, and other Persons employed in the managing and drawing the said Lottery, and to be employed in delivering out Certificates in Exchange for the Fortunate Tickets, and other the incident Charges attending the Passing, and the Execution of the Powers of the said recited, and of this present Act, and other necessary Allowances, there wiil remain in the Hands of the said Cashiers, to be distributed, applied, and disposed of, for the Benefit and Relief of the Sufferers in the said Corporation, who are Objects of Compassion within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, the Sum of seventy nine thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds four Shillings and five Pence; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, caster

1

March

May 1734, the Cashiers to pay to the Persons the Sums herein specified. Cashiers by 25 to pay 100l. to each of the Ten Managers. No Persons claiming Shares as a Security

from J. t/icm/on, d. Rohinfon, C entitled to Relief, till they shall have surrendered such Securities

to the Corporation. 44 entitled to Relief.

Claimants, whose Appeals shall be adjudged in their Favour by 1 May 1734;

Sum Total of the Claims admitted.

Sum Total of the Money to be distributed to the Sufferers.

See farther

S Geo. 2. c. 14.

C 12.

Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

CAP. XII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways the least burihenfome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to enable your Majesty to ifiuc and apply the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That t, 200, coot, to by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from time to time quarterly be in the Receipt of his he issued out of majesty's Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund Tor the Fund, at any Time before the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which shall be Service of the in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, after paying, or reserving suffi current Year, cient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money, as have been directed by any former Act for Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and maybe issued, paid, and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Surplus Money

II. Provided always, That if on the said Feast Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, of the Ovid Fund which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, the Moneys arisen 173;, refei"vedy' from the Lid Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall be to the Dispoii more than sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, such tion of Parlia Surplus Money shall be and remain in the said Receipt of Exchequer for the future Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

clause of Loan '

III. And whereas it may so happen that there may be a Want of Money for carrying on the cur-3141. percent. C rent Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, before Moneys sufficient may have arisen into the Exchequer from the said Surplusses, to satisfy and pay the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, 'in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high Treasurer for the time being, by Warrant under their Hands, to permit and suffer any Person or Persons. Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer, so much Money as, together with the Moneys then remaining in the said Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof in the mean time, after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Appropria Prov ded always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming

tion of the Mo jnt? the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, nies granted intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Brians Session. tain ca]]cd England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, 'for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders lojl, burnt, or otler tvife defrayed, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be rafted in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge die same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, ei 8 ' titer

A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgii II. c. 12. 159

there by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and jvkite Herrings, for the further Ttrm of seven Tears, and for licensing^ the erecting new Refineries of Rock Salt in the Counties of efcex and Suffolk, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest,

Premium or Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act granted out of the Surplusses, Excdfes, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at or before the Feast Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and also the Sum of twenty thousand five hundred seventy eight Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer for Arrears of former Land Taxes, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

V It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall 3, 442, 670]. 5 s. and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two millions four hundred face snata* forty-two thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds five Shillings and nine Pence, for cr towards uvu; es'

the nival Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and for or towards other Services of the Navy, performed and to be performed.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, 10, cool, for there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand pt1nwici'ho' Pounds, upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better p' ' '

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there 86, 81?i. 17s.

shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty flx thousand 3d 'or the

eight hundred and thirteen Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, for or towards defraying the Ur nance' Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying

the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services not provided for by Parliament.

VIII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine pso, S86l. 14s. hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred eighty six Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence G; ^al[pen"y Halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after Forces? more particularly expressed; is to say, any Sum of Money not exceeding six hundred forty seven 64-42c]. us. thousand four hundred twenty-nine Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence halfpenny, for defray 3 d'.'kilkenny ing the Charge of seventeen thousand seven hundred and four Men, including Commission and Non, commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and six independent Companies for the Service in Great1' of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Eritain. Services relating to the Forces for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred and three thousand nine hundred ninety six 203, 9961. 17s. Pounds seventeen Shillings and threepence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and ad.haifpsnny Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis [°o, tshe^'!anca" Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-five thousand fifty seven Pounds five Shillings and 25, 057). 5 s. ten Pence, upon Account for Out pensioners of Ckelfea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven 10 d. for Chelsea hundred and thirty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-eight thousand one s

hundred twenty six Pounds four Shillings and one halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Ex J Halfpenny pences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, forextraordi not exceeding fifty-two thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, upon ofpj"ses'

Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 10 d? for Half one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Pay officers. Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand five hundred eighty six Pounds, for paying of Pen 3, ss6l. for wi fions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon nav^oaicere'" the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty pay fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; which said Sum of three thousand five hundred eighty six Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such or the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct or appoint.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, fordefec';. there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred encies in the

eighty year >733-

io C

Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

Clause relating to the Augmentation of the Forces.

eighty seven thousand three hundred forty-three Pounds five Shillings and one Penny, 'towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three.

S >45-. X And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid,

fovthedeficfan there 111 all and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-eight thou cies of the CC land five hundred and sixteen Pounds fourteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, for making good the neral Fund. Deficiency of the Fund commonly called The General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, ic, oeol. for the for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and any Sum or Sorts of the A Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and oeoh°towsrdis Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and any the Repair of Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards the Repair of the Collegiate st. Peter, West Church of Saint Peter, Westminster.

the aforesaid

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued Moneys limited or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mention only to the Uses ed, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments, directed to be satisfied thereout, by any parti oirefte. eular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high Treasurer for the Time being, to issue and apply, or eause to be issued and applied, out of the Aids and Supplies aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary to be issued and applied, until and before the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for or towards the Increase of such Expenses, as shall arise by such Augmentations of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall judge necessary to make; and for concerting such Measures as the Exigency of his Affairs may require.

XIII. And as to the said Sum of fifty-two thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid;

[Ruies to be observed

is enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed

in Appii in the Application thereof; that is to say, that no l'erson shall have or receive any Part of the same,

cauon f Hal wj10 was a Minor and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop

or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did a (final Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no commiuion since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XIV. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in tuled, An Act sir enabling his Majesty to apply five hundred thousand Bounds, out of the Sinking Fund,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and for the further dis position of the said Fund, by paving off one million of south-sea Annuities; and for enabling his Majesty cut of the Moneys arisen by Sale of the Lands in the If and of Saint Christopher to pay the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, sir the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal; and ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for efia blishing the Colony of Georgia in America; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges by taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint out of the Coinage Duty; and sir appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of parvament; and for issuing to the sub dean, Treasurer, and Steward, of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, out of the Moneys reserved for building fifty new Churches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and sir making Provisions for the Ministers of the same, four thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church, and one thousand two hundred Pounds, sir fimshing the Dormitory belonging thereunto, several Supplies, which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed,

amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-five thousand seven hundred and seventeen Pounds five Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared, That so much of the said Sum of fifty-five thousand seven hundred and seventeen Pounds five Shillings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy and pay the said reduced 1 e ir 0 reau ^fficclj.s, according to the said Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application ced officer°, Uto thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed be disposed of or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Sendee, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be ligned in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

6 Geo. 2. c. 25

The Overplus of the Moneys allowed Gaol Year to redu

to maimed Officers. C

Anno septimo Georgii II.

C 13.

161

A.D. 1734.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity of five thousand Pounds on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case fine shall survive his Majesty.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Ann, stat. 1. C 7.

for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the Crown, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, all Grants thereof,

other than such as are therein expressed, are declared to be void; and by another Act made in the ninth Year of Her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Pof Of9 Anns, C 10.

see for all Her Majests Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the jfar, and other Her majesty's Occasions, it was enacted, That such Part of the Duties and

Revenues arising in and by the General Letter Office or Port; Office, which was thereby veiled in Her said late Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, (hold not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable, for any Estate, Term, or Time whatsoever, or endure longer than the Life of the King or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge, or Grant respectively; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, or Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of,

or charged upon, the same Duties or Revenues, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provision of j that Ad, should be declared to be null and void: And whereas Your Majesty has given a De ' monstration of the great Regard You have to the Support of Liberty and the Protestant Religion,

by Your Wisdom and Goodness in marrying to the Prince of Orange, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, Your eldest Daughter; whose high Birth is not more conspicuous than her many

great Virtues and excellent Accomplishments; and Your Majesty having been pleased to express Your gracious Inclination to grant unto her said Royal Highness, for and during the Term of her na tural Life, in case ihe shall survive Your Majesty, one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of five thousand Pounds, as a Mark of your Royal Affection and Favour to her said Royal Highness

Grant cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Parliament Wherefore Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and His Majesty may be lawful to and for the King's most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent or Indenture, s13"'. by or by several Letters Patent or Indentures under the Great Seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be jooool. per' made, to give and grant to her said Royal Highness the Princess Royal, or to such other Person Ann. to the or Persons, as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, Princess Royal, and his or their Heirs, to the Use and in Trust for her said Royal Highness, one Annuity or yearly,

Rent or Sum of five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of five thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take effect from Ladyday one thousand Even hundred and thirty-four, and continue from thenceforth for to commence and during the natural Life of her said Royal Highness, in case ihe shall survive His Majesty, and £rorjlla<b' shall be paid and payable at the Four most lifual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that aris

to say, the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth tcriy/ of our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation or the Blefied Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, outof such shall or may, by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be directed to be issuing and payable Duties settled out of, and charged and chargeable upon, all and every the Duties, Revenues, and Payments settled and ^1^' appointed by an Act of the first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the better Support of His Majesty's after his Demise, Houshold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any of them that shall be subsisting after His 1 Anns, flat. 1. majesty's Demise, in such Parts, Shares, or Proportions, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall think fit to direct or appoint the same.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, To be paid at shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by and from the immediate Hands of all thereceiptof and every the commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers for the Time being of the said Revenues Exchequer, respectively, upon which the said Annuity or yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parrs thereof, shall be charged, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances of her Royal Highnessj notwithstanding her hel^rwi fiteh coverture, of her trustees, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without nsfs a Efficient any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said An Discharge, not nuity or yearly Sum of five thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from al 1. her^covmure, Taxes, Impoihions and other public Charges whatsoever; and that if the Officers of the Receipt of on Negieit of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers for the Time Payment, ber being of any of the said Duties or Revenues, upon which the said Annuity or yearly Sum of five thousand, Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Afiion ag.iinit vol. VI Y Ajnnuity, Ebe Commissioners,

Ac.

Annuity or yearly Sum, or any Part thereof, to her Royal Highness or her Trustees, then her Royal Highness, or such her Trustees as aforesaid, may from time to time sue, prosecute or implead such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity of five thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers respectively, at the Time when Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said yearly Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid.

6 Geo. 1. S Geo. 1.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack, and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

WHEREAS Arrack, a Spirit of the Product of his Majesty's Colonies and Territories in the

o 1. £ y, East indies, is, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, charged by the Laws of Excise

the several Duties which are paid for Brandy and other foreign Spirits imported into this King

but by the Officers of the Customs is rated and charged as a Commodity imported from the East Ma ' Indies, according to the Value thereof at the Sale at the Candle, whereby the several Subsidies, Duties

1734^ the same and Excise amount to much more than is paid on the Importation of Brandy and other foreign Spi dutds onlyftiali rits, to the great Discouragement of the Importation thereof for Remedy whereof be it enacted by racismforted" King's naoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and from the British Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Colonies as are from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, the same Subsidies, Duties and Excise now payable upon Brandy and foreign Spirits imported, and no more, shall be paid f/meallowances for Arrack imported from any of his Majesty's Colonies or Territories in the East indies, and that the only cnexpor same Allowances shall be made on the Exportation thereof, as is made upon foreign Brandy or other spi tation. rits; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Subsidies, Duties and Excise upon Airack, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and accounted for unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under such Penalties, 'Forfeitures and Disabilities, and with such Power of Mitigation and other Powers, and with such Allowances, as any the Duties on Brandy or other foreign Spirits are by any Act or Acts of Par lament or Law whailoever now in Force, enacted, appointed or allowed to be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered and paid; and that the said several Laws now in Force for the raising, levying, collecting, paying and answering the said Subsidies, Duties and Excise upon Arrack, shall be continued, and be practised, put in Execution and observed, in and for the raising, levying, collecting, ma nag'ng, adjudging and answering the said Subsidies, Duties and Excise upon Arrack by this Act granted, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly and at large re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Com

said Duties to be missioner of the Customs, and Commissioners of Excise, shall pay all the Moneys that they respectfrom alf6tber shall receive of the said Duties (the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing and

Branches of the accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from Revenue, all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes in this Act expressed.

tec?ufthtihrne

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. that the Moneys arising by the Uses as before, said Duties by this Act imposed and charged, shall be appropriated, issued and applied, and the same bytj Geo. i. C 23. are hereby appropriated and made payable to the same Uses, Intents and Purposes as the said Sub

they are added to \\ j p Q f)nrie*e and t'.yrifp ai nfnrpfoirl werp onnrnnriotprl nnrl nr.r.iionlnlp Viprnrp Hip mnlnno of thin

the agg/ega.e Fund.

To be paid as the Duties on Brandy.

The Laws in Force relating to the Duties on Arrack continued.

The Moneys arising by the

fidies, Duties and Excise as aforesaid were appropriated and applicable before the making of this present Act, and shall have the same Continuance, and shall be also subject and liable to the lame

jir.dfteib Geo. 2. Redemption by Parliament, as the said Subsidies, Duties and Excise were subject and liable unto. c' V And for the Relief of any Person or Persons who through neg]eft or Inadvertency have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, contrasted or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, which hath been put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to have such In ' dentures or other Writings, which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contrasts or Agreements fe lating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant. (lumped within the Times by the several Acts of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to insert and write in Words at Length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contraired for, with or in relation to every such such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; 'Cliufe of Relief Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys, ted^o°beyaitin cr lllch i*311 such Moneys so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the twenty duetime^orin fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, to such Person or Persons to whom the dentures of lame ought to be paid, and tendring the said Indentures or other Writings to be stamped at the same AP' Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four (of which timely Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the lame Indentures or other

Writings

Anno septimo Georgii II.

C 15: 163

Writings shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court what Concerning irish soever; and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein named shall be capable of following and exer lu/ei>/ "cifing their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the said Rates ailed Duties so omit 10 r ted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inferred; jr Co. z. C 23! and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; anything in this or the said former Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts of the Mailers or

Mariners.

WHEREAS it is of the greatest Consequence and Importance to this Kingdom, to promote t C W increase of the Number of Ships and Vessels, and to prevent any Discouragement to M

the

prevent any Discouragement to Mer

and others from being interested and concerned therein: And whereas it has been held, that in mailt Cases Owners of Ships or vessels are answerable for Goods and Merchandise shipped or

put on Board the same, although the said Goods and Merchandise, after the same have been so put on Board, should be made away with by the Mahers or Mariners of the said Ships or Vessels, without the Knowledge or Privity of the Owner or Owners, by Means whereof Merchants and others are greatly discouraged from adventuring their Fortunes, as Owners of Ships or Vessels, which will necessarily tend to the Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: Therefore for ascertaining and settling how far Owners of Ships and Vessels shall be answerable for any Gold, Silver, Diamonds,

Jewels, precious Stones or other Goods or Merchandizes which shall be made away with by the Mahers or Mariners, without the Privity of the Owners thereof; Be it enacted by the king's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Owners of or Persons who is, are or shall be Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall be subject or liable to Ships, after 24

answer for or make good to any one or more Person or Persons any Lois or Damage by reason of any into forfeit

Imbezzlement, secreting or making away with (by the Master 01 Mariners, or any of them) of anj thvvalue of Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones or other Goods or Merchandise, which from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of cur Lord one thousand seven hun b'zzbaa nv" dred and thirty-four, shall be slapped, taken in or put on board any Ship or Vessel, or for any Atft, committed Matter or Thing, Damage or Forfeiture done, occasioned or incurred, from and after the said twenty yeilhout their fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, by the said Master or Mariners, or Know et'se' any of them, vrithout the privity and Knowledge of such Owner or Owners, further than the Value of the Ship or Vessel, with all her Appurtenances, and the full Amount of the Freight due or to grow due for and during the Voyage, wherein such Imbezzlement, secreting or making away with as aforesaid, or other Maleversation oldie Master or Mariners shall be made, committed or done; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. prietots^d'er"

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if several Freighters or Proprie by such imbez tors of any such Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones or other Goods or Merchandise, ziement.and iha shall suffer any Loss or Damage by any of the Means aforesaid in the same Voyage, and the Value of the si(jpjeii>ci. benot Ship or Vessel with all her Appurtenances, and the Amount of the Freight due or to grow due during fufiident to such Voyage, shall not be Sufficient to make full Compensation to all and every of them, then such compensate Freighters or Proprietors shall receive their Satisfaction thereout in Average, in Proportion to their respective Proponions o'" Losses or Damages: And in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Freighters or Probe determined prietors, or any of them, on Behalf of himself and all other such Freighters or Proprietors, or to and Average; for the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any of them, on behalf of himself and all the other Part ters oawneri Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to exhibit a Bill in any Court of Equity for a Discovery of the total may exhibit a Amount of such Losses or Damages, and also of the Value of such Ship or Vessel, Appurtenances pjj1 and Freight, and for prietors, in Proportion

III. Provided always, That if any such Bill shall be exhibited by

such Ship, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall annex an Affidavit t > such Bill or Bills, that he or they do not exhibiting such collude with any of the Defendants thereto, and shall thereby offer to pay the Value of such Ship or affidavit"tefthe Vessel, Appurtenances and Freight, as such Court shall direct; and such Court shall thereupon take such Bill, that they Method for ascertaining such Value, as to them shall seem just, and shall direct the Payment thereofdo. v0the°pude in like Manner as is now used and practised in Cases of Bills of Interpleader. ftndants. e'

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted That nothing in this present Act con This act not to

tained shall extend or lie construed to extend to impeach, leiien or discharge any Remedy which any lessen any Re person or Persons now hath, or shall or may hereafter have against all, every or any the Master and medy which the Mariners of such Ship or Vessel, for or in respect of any Imbezzlement, secreting or making away ea Law

with any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones or Merchandise, shipped or loaded on against the ma board such Ship or Vessel, or on account of any Fraud, Abuse or Maleversation of and in such Master or Manners ster and Mariners respectively; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person or Persons so j^nt ez2e' injured or damaged to pursue and take such Remedy for the same, against the said Master and Mariners respectively, as he or they might have done before the making of this Atty

2

A P.

A.D. 1734.

164 C 16. Anno septimo Georgii II.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to sit pr vote as Members of the House of Commons.

WHEREAS Doubts may arise, whether the Acts of Parliament made in England for preventing false and undue Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas several Questions have arisen concerning the Election of Commoners to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain Therefore to obviate such Doubts, Disputes and Questions for the future, and for the more effectually preventing Returning Officers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, making false and undue Returns; May it please your Majesty that it may be en adfed, and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au after 1 May thority of the same, That if the Clerk of any Meeting of Freeholders for the Election of a Commis »754> 5°° Pe tioner to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, after the first Day of May one thou falf/return^ find seven hundred and thirty-four, shall wilfully return to the Sheriff or Stewart any Person other than him who shall be duly elected; if any other Person pretending to be Cleric, though not duly elected, shall presume to act as Clerk, and wilfully to return to the Sheriff any Personas elected who shall not be duly elected by the major Part of such Meeting; the Party so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by the Candidate so elected, to whose Prejudice such false Return is made, in such Manner as is herein after directed.

Freeholders, on

II. And be it further enacted, That every Freeholder who shall claim to vote at any Election of a Request, to uke Member to serve in Parliament for any Lands or Estate in any County or Stewartry in Scotland, or who Oath, inftealof shall have Right to vote in adjusting the Rolls of Freeholders, instead of the Oath appointed to be that appointed taken by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for by 12 Anns, C 6. the better regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall upon the Request of any Freeholder formerly enrolled, before he proceed to vote in the Choice of a Member, or on adjusting the Rolls, take and subscribe upon a Roll of Parchment to be provided and kept by the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk for that Purpose, the Oath following, which the Prcefes or Clerk to the Meeting, either for the Inrollment or Election, is hereby empowered and required to adini nifter; that is to say,

AB. do in the Presence of God declare and swear, That the Lands and Estate of for

which I claim a Right to vote in the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for this County or Stewartry, is actually in my Possession, and do realy and trully belojig to me, and is my own proper estate, and is not conveyed to me in Trust, or for or in Behalf of any other Person whatsoever; that neither I, nor any Person to my Knowledge, in my Blame, or on my Account, or by my Allowance, hath given, or intends to give, any pro tnife, Obligation, Bond, back bond or other Security whatsoever, other than appears from the Tenor and Contents of the Title, upon which I now claim a Right to vote, diredily or indirectly, for re disponing or reconveying the said Lands and Estate in any Manner of Way whatsoever, or for making the Rents or Profits thereof forthcoming to the Use or Benefit of the Person from cvhom have acquired the said Estate, or any other Person whatsoever; that my Title to the said Lands and Estate is not nominal or fictitious, created or reserved in me, in order to enable me to vote for a Member to serve in Parliament; but that the same is a true end real Estate in me, for my own Use and Benefit, and for the Use of no other Person whatsoever; and that is the Truth, as I shall

ec'2' answer to God.

in case of Re

III. And that in case he shall refuse if required to take and subscribe the Oath aforesaid, his Vote v)o: shall not be admitted or allowed, and his Name shall forthwith be erased out of the Roll of Freeholders; to e a mi e. an(j in case any person i"ha]l preiume wilfully and iallly to swear and subscribe the said Oath, and shall be (wearing the re°f lawfully convicted, he shall incur the Pains and Punishment of Perjury, and be prosecuted for the same according to the Laws and Forms in use in Scotland.

Judges cf Sef

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Judge of the Court of Session or Justiciary, or Baron of the excfl" uer"^ Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be capable of being elected, or of sitting or voting as a Member of capameuto be the House of Commons in any Parliament which shall be hereafter summoned and held. defied. V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sheriffs and Stewarts in

alterrecip^of Scotland shall within the Space of Four Days after the Writ shall come to their Hand, issue their pre the writsto iirue cepts to the several Boroughs within their Jurisdiction to elect their Delegates, and shall cause the same to Precepts for be delivered to the chief Magistrate of such Borough' reliant in the Borough for the time being; and that gbtes?lnfnd chief ch ef Magistrate, to whom such Precept shall be delivered, shall within two Days after his Receipt Magistrate z*of the same, call and summon the Council of the Borough together, by giving Notice personally, or Days after to leaving Notice at the dwelling Place of every Counsellor then refiant in such Borough, which Council council of Eo shall then appoint a peremptory Day for the Election of the Delegate; but two free Days shall intervene rough.*betwixt the Meeting of the Council which appoints the Day of Election of the Delegate, and the Day on Council to ap which the Election of the Delegate is to be made.

point a Day for

dedting Deal sates;

Anno feptiino Georgii II.

C 17. 165

VI. And to prevent double Elections of Magistrates in Boroughs, which frequently occasion double joo I. Penalty on Commissions to Delegates, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the annual Election of Ma or"fagsiratefe gistrates and Counseliors for Boroughs, no Magistrate or Counsellor, or any Number of Magistrates or parating from Counsellors, shall for the future, upon any Pretence whatsoever, take upon him or them to separate from the Majority of the Magistrates and Counsellors who have been such for the Year preceding, and to apion for Eo'or elect separate Magistrates or Counsellors, but shall submit to the Election made, and to the Ma roughs, gistrates and Counsellors elected and appointed by the Majority of the Town Council assembled; if, contrary to the Direction of this Act, any Number of Magistrates or Counsellors shall, in Opp jfition to the Majority, take upon them to make a distinct and separate Election of Magistrates or Counsellors, their Act and Election shall be ipj'o facto void, and every Magistrate or Counsellor who concurred therein, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by the Magistrates and Counsellors from whom they separated, in Manner herein after directed.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and cousnfdiors of far any Magistrate or Counsellor of the Borough who apprehends any Wrong was done at any annual Boroughs may Election, to bring his Action before the Court of Session in Scotland, for rectifying such Abuse, or for bring their ac making void the whole Election (if illegal) only within the Space of eight Weeks after such Election is weeks aftef the over; and the Lords of Session shall, and they are hereby expressly authorised and required to hear and Ejection, determine the Cause summarily, and to allow to the Party that shall prevail their Full Costs of Suit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or Stewart in Scotland, who shall wilfully annex to coci. Penalty on the Writ any false or undue Return, and every common Clerk of any presiding Borough, who shall will "u^l"j5erson" fully return to the Sheriff or Stewart any Person other than the Person elected, or who shall neglect or rc dujy elected. fuse to return the Person duly elected, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person

entitled to have been returned, and not returned, to be recovered from the said Sheriff, Stewart or into be recovered mon Clerk, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators respectively, in a summary Way, by Action, Peti yyijfumm3ry tion or summary Complaint, before the said Court of Session, upon Service of such Summons, or of a ay'

Copy of such Petition or summary Complaint, on fifteen Days Notice or Warning, without abiding the Course of any Rolls, or further Delay whatsoever; which Action, Petition or Complaint, the Judges Complmnts of of the said Court are hereby required to judge of and determine with all convenient Speed: Provided "n "ec^turns always, That such Action, Petition or Complaint be commenced, presented or made within the Space CD intmonths of six Months after the Return is made. And in case the Person duly elected, and not returned, shall after Return, neglect or omit to sue for the said Penalty within the Time before mentioned, then any Freeholder with who may sue in the Shire dr Stewartry, or any Magistrate or Person bearing Office in any of the Boroughs of the for such Penalty, District for which the Return is unduly made, may sue for and recover the same to his own Use, by such Action, Petition or Complaint, and in such Manner as is before mentioned, with, double Coils and in what of Suit; provided always, That such Freeholder, Magistrate or Person bearing Office, shall commence time or bring such Action within the Space of twelve Months after the Return is made.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Penalty by this Act imposed, with i'cnnicies how respect to the Recovery of which no particular Provision is herein before made, shall and may bet be recovere sued for and recovered by way of summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland, upon fifteen Days Notice to the Person complained of, without abiding the Course of any Roll; which laid '

Complaint the Court of Session is hereby authorised and required to determine with all convenient

Speed.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Freeholder in Scotland shall, before he be either enrolled or Freeholders, if admitted to vote at any future Election, or Meeting for Inrolment, in any Question for the Choice of r.ecl flre^>to, a" Clerk or Prcsfes, or other Question whatsoever (if required by any Freeholder present) be obliged to take Election ofv1*' and subscribe the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, Clerk, C when required so to do; which Oath the Prafes or Clerk of the Meeting is hereby empowered and required to administer.

XI. And whereas there have been some Mistakes in the District of the Boroughs of Wtgtcun, tvkif

horn. New Galloway, and Stranraver, in relation to their presiding at Elections of Members of Par

for that District, which may occasion Disputes at future Elections; 'For remedying thereof,

be it enacted, That the Boroughs continue to preside in the Course they are now in, and that the Method of pre Borough of wigt.un shall preside at the Election of a Member to represent that District in the next Par Jdins at.elec — liament, and that the other Boroughs of the District preside afterwards in the Method prescribed by the: lcas"

Act of Parliament of Scotland, made in the fourth Session of the firs Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for settling the M inner of electing the sixteen Peers and fortyfive Commoners to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. XVII.

An alto explain an Act passed in the hut Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company into Annuities redeemable by Parliament, and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, so far as the said Act relates to the paying off the Bonds of the said Company.

WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the & Ge. C z.

converting a further Part of the Capital Stock of the south-sea Company in so Annuities redeemable by

Parliament, and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, it is amongst other

1 Things enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall cause the Numbers, Dates and.

Sums

166 C is, 19.

Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

south-sea Company may pay ort their Bonds in the Manner they might have done before the said Act.

A further Explication of the said Act.

[Public Act.]

See farther concerning this Company y9Ceo, 2. C 34. 10 Geo. 2.

Sums of all the Bonds then owing by the said Company, to be fairly entered and registered in a Book, and that no new Bonds shall be blued under the Seal of the Company, nor any Bonds paid off or bought up with the company's Money, except the Proprietors of the said Company shall, in a General Court called and held for that Purpose, be find acquainted with the Uses for which the said Bonds were intended to be issued: And whereas same Doubts have arisen about the Intent and Meaning of the said in Part re cited Act of Parliament, and whether the said south-sea Company was not restrained thereby from paying off their Bonds; 'May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to pay off the Whole or any Part of the said company's Bonds, in such Manner as by Law they might have done in case the said in Part recited act had not been made; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it also declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Intent and Meaning of the said in Part recited act of Parliament was and is, that no new Bonds, nor any Bonds paid off or bought up by and with the company's Money, should be issued but by the Content and Direction of the General Court of the said Company first had and obtained, as in the said Act is directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all judges and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

C 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 11. 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indico.

12 Car. z. C is. ' WHEREAS Cochineal and Indico are of principal Use in dying of Clothes, and other Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, to the great Improvement thereof, by which great Numbers of His Majesty's Subjects are employed in finishing and perlecting such Manufactures, and the Importation thereof ought therefore to be encouraged in the most extensive Manner, that the Dyers may at all Times be supplied with Cochineal and Indico on the cheapest Terms possible: whereas the said Commodities cannot at present be imported into this Kingdom, but according to the Rules prescribed and enjoined by an act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Secotjd, inti tided, An act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, which hath been found incon venient, tending to make them dearer in these Kingdoms than they would be, if they could be freely imported from any Place where they may be purchased cheapest: whereas by an Act of Parliament

isceo. 1. 0.25. ' passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for the free Import a

tion of Cochineal during the Time therein mentioned. Liberty was therein granted for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Continuance of the said act, which is now expired: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma > by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this The at 13 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said last mentioned act of

freeim portation he thirteenth of his late Majesty King George, shall, front and after the twenty-fourth Day of June of Cochineal, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, be revived, and is hereby revived, and shall remain in full revived. Force and Virtue.

After 24 June

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth si^sorts may be Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any imported from Person or Persons to import and bring into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to Great bri nny Port in Britain, or to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from any Port or Shipsjn Amity Place whatsoever, Indico of all Sorts; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise not with with Britain. Handing.

Coinimied by HI And eh further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said act of the thirteenth Year 27 Geo. 2. C ts. of his late Majesty King George, and this present act, shall continue and be in Force for seven Years, And farther by from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence 33 to 2. C 16. tq tji£ nj 0£ ie t]len nexj. hellion of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops into Great Britain and Ireland, and to prevent the adulterating or sophisticating of Hops, to alter the Colour or Scent thereof.

9 Annae, C 12. 1 Geo. 1. St. 2. C 12.

6 Geo. 1. c. 11. & 21.

£ Geo. 2. c. 37.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops, it is enacted, That there shall be raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, lor and upon all Hops which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of four Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, iha 1 be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties 'impaled upon or payable for the same,

rhe

Anno septimo Georgii LI

C 20.

16 7

the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing of the same; which said Act, and every Clause, Article, Matter and Thing therein contained, is continued and declared to be in Force,

by an Act made in the first Year of his late Majesty King George, from the thirty first Day of Mayj Geo. i. ft.

in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, until the first Day of Atiguft one thou C fect'. 17.

land seven hundred and fifteen, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were therein particularly and at large repeated and re enacted; which said Duty of threepence a Pound by the aforesaid Act of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and continued by the aforesaid Act of his late Majesty King George, was continued by one other Act made in the first Year of his late Majesty King 1 Pec 1. ft. a.

King George, and made payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever: And whereas thee i2 5*

Penalty for landing or putting on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, any imported Hops, before due Entry thereof shall have been made, and the Duty by the aforesaid Acts granted and continued shall have been paid, has been found too small to prevent the clandestine Importation of the same: And whereas by the low Price that Hops have taken and do llill bear in foreign Markets, great Quantities of foreign Hops are imported into and vended in Great Britain, and brought into and vended in Ireland, conti ary to Law; 'For preventing the refore of a Practice so prejudicial to the Hop Planters of this Kingdom, and so detrimental to the Revenue; Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May which shall be After 1 May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, if any foreign Hops shall be landed '7i4> foreign or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, before due Entry thereof shall be made at the grst Eritain'or' cullom house in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and before the Duties charged or Ireland, before chargeable thereon shall be paid, or without a Warrant for landing or delivering the same first signed by Entrr anj* Qr; the Commissioners, Collector or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively; or it Aligned War'any foreign Hops, other than of British Growth, shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or rant;

Vessel in Ireland, all such Hops, of what Kind soever, as shall be so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be forfeited and burnt within ten Days after the all be burnt, same shall be lawfully condemned, and also the Ship or vessel forfeited in which the same were irnpo ted, sll!p forfelt' and the Person or Persons concerned in importing of the same, or that shall have been aiding and assisting and importer to in the landing or putting the same on Shore, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound Pa 5s breach Weight thereof; and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. Hops such

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons in A Penalty on Great Britain or Ireland shall, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred every hundred and thirty-four, mix with, or put into any Quantity of Hops' any Drug or Ingredient, or other Thing Oljfo" whatsoever, to alter the Colour or Scent thereof every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully £otcate convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for every hundred Weight thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fines, Penalties and for Penalties how feitures, as well specific as pecuniary, by this Act imposed (the suing for, levying and recovering of10 be levietl* which are not hereby before particularly provided for) shall and may be sued for, levied and recovered,

or mitigated, in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine,

Penalty and Forfeiture may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, by the Laws now in Force relating to Hops; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Pleirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will discover, inform or sue for the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more easy Redemption and Foreclosure of Mortgages.

WHEREAS Mortgagees frequently bring Actions of Ejeblment for the Recovery of Lands and sf j W.

Estates to them mortgaged, and bring Actions on Bonds given by Mortgagors to pay the moneyc l

secured by such Mortgages, and for performing the Covenants therein contained, and likewise commence Suits in his Majesty's Courts of Equity, to foreclose their Mortgagors from redeeming their Estates; and the Courts of Law, where such Ejedtments are brought, have not Power to compel such Mortgagees to accept the principal Moneys and Interests due on such Mortgages, and Costs, or to (lay such Mortgagees from proceeding to judgement and Execution in such Actions; but such Mortgagors must have Recourse to a Court of Equity for that Purpose; which Case likewise the Courts of Equity do not give Relief until the Hearing of the Cause: For remedy thereof, and to obviate all Objections relating to the same; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Easier Term one After tfiefiwe thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, where any Action shall be brought on any Bond for Payment oflj'w^ the Money secured by such Mortgage, or Performance of the Covenants therein contained, or where ia!on7c«n in' any Action of Ejeblment shall be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or cerning more in the Court of Great Sessions in finales, or in any of the superior Courts in he Counties Palatine of Re Chester, Lancaster or Durham, by any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, men Administrators or Assigns, for the Recovery of the Possession of any mortgaged Lands, Tenements or

Hereditaments*

168 C 21. Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

no Suit being then depending to foreclose such Mortgage.

The Mortgagor's tendering the Principal, interest, and Costs in Court shall be deemed a full Satisfaction,

and the Court may compel the Mortgagee to surrender the Premises.

On Bills to

foreclose.

the Court, on defendant's re quest, may proceed to a Decree, before a regular Hearing,

nd all Parties shall be bound thereby, as if the Cause had been regularly heard.

This Act not to extend to Cases where the Right of Redemption is controverted, or the Money due not adjusted,

or to prejudice any subsequent Mortgage.

5 V i. C 9.

13 Edi ft. 2. C i, 2, f 6. as Edi. C 17.

5 Ed. 3. C 14. 7 R. 2. C 6.

27 El. C 13.

39 El. C: y 4 w.tsm. C S. 4 Geo. 1. c. 11.

6 Geo. 1. 23.

After 1 May 1734, Persons convicted of assaulting others with offensive Weapons, and a Design to rob, shall be transported for 7 years.

Hereditaments, and no Suit shall be then depending in any of his Majesty's Courts of Equity, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for or touching the foreclosing or redeeming of such mortgaged Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; if the Person or Persons having Right to redeem such mortgaged Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and who shall appear and become Defendant or Defendants in such Action, shall at any Time, pending such Action, pay unto such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or, in case of his, her or their Refusal, shall bring into Court, where such Action shall be depending, all the Principal Moneys and Interest due on such Mortgage, and also all such Coifs as have been expended in any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity upon such Mortgage (such Money for Principal, Interest, and Coifs to be ascertained and computed by the Court where such Action is or shall be depending, or by the proper Officer by such Court to be appointed for that Purpose) the Moneys so paid to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or brought into such Court, shall be deemed and taken to be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of such Mortgage, and the Court shall and may discharge every such Mortgagor, or Defendant, of and from the same accordingly; and shall and may, by Rule or Rules of the same Court, compel such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, at the Coifs and Charges of such Mortgagor or Mortgagors, to assign, surrender, or re convey such mortgaged Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and such Eifate and Intcrelf, as such Mortgagee or Mortgagees have or hath therein, and deliver up all Deeds, Evidences, and Writings, in his, her or their Custody, relating to the Title of such mortgaged Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, unto such Mortgagor or Mortgagors, who shall have paid or brought such Moneys ito the Court, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or to such other Person or Persons, as lie, Hie or they, shall for that Purpose nominate or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that from and after the said first Day of Easter erm, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, where any Bill or Bills, Suit or Suits, shall be filed, commenced or brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Equity, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by any Person or Persons having or claiming any Eifate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under or by virtue of any Mortgage or Mortgages thereof, to compel the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits (having or claiming a Right to redeem the lame) to pay the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits, the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage, or the Principal Money and Interest due on such Mortgage, together with any Sum or Sums of Money due on any Encumbrance or Specialty, charged or chargeable on the Equity of Redemption thereof, and in Default of Payment thereof, to foreclose such Defendant or Defendants of his, her or their Right or Equity of redeeming such mortgaged Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; such Court and Courts of Equity, where such Suit or Suits shall be depending, upon Application made to such Court by the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit, having a Right to redeem such mortgaged Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and upon his or their admitting the Right and titr of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit, may and shall at any Time or Times, before such Suit or Cause shall be brought to Hearing, make such Order or Decree therein, as such Court or Courts might or could have made therein, in case such Suit or Cause had then been regularly brought to Hearing before such Court or Courts; and all Parties to such Suit or Suits shall be bound by such Order or Decree so made, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been made by such Court, at or subsequent to the Hearing of such Cause or Suit; any Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any Case where the Person or Persons, against whom the Redemption is or shall be prayed, shall (by Writing under his, her or their Planets, or the Hand of h.s, her or their Attorney, Agent or Solicitor, to be delivered before the Money shall be brought into such Court at Law, to the Attorney or Solicitor for the other Side) infill, either that the Party praying a Redemption has not a Right to redeem, or that die Premisses are chargeable with other or different principal Sums, titan what appear on the Pace of the Mortgage, or shall be admitted on the other Side; nor to any Case where the Right of Redemption to the mortgaged Lands and Premises in Questron in any Cause or Suit shall be controverted or questioned by or between different Defendants in the same Cause or Suit; nor shall be any Prejudice to any subsequent Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or subsequent Incumbrancer; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the more effectual Punishment of aitaults with Intent to commit Robbery.

WHEREAS any of his Majesty's Subjects have of late frequently been put in great Fear and V Danger of their Lives, by wicked and ill disposed Persons assaulting and attempting to rob them: And whereas the Punishment of such Offenders is not adequate to the Heinousness of the Crime, nor sufficient to deter wicked Persons from such Attempts; To the end therefore that all Persons may be deterred from committing such Offences, and for the greater Punishment of such Offenders, and for the more effectual preventing of the like Mischiefs for the future; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conf. nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, shall, with any offensive Weapon or Instrument, unlawfully and maliciously assault, or shall by Menaces, or in or by any forcible or vio ent Manner, demand any Money, Goods or Chattles, of or from any other Person or Persons with a felonious Intent to rob or commit Robbery upon such Person or Persons, that then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person and 4 'Persons

A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgii II. c. 22 3 23. 169

Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Offender and Offenders shall be subject and liable to be trani ported as in Cases of Felony; and the Courts by and before whom he, she, or they shall be tried and convicted, shall have full Power and Authority of transporting such Offenders for the Space of Seven Years, upon the like Terms and Conditions, and by the same Ways and Means, and in like Manner as other Felons may or are to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by force or virtue of any Law for that Purpose now in being. I

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Offender or Offenders baking Oaoi, aforesaid, who shall be ordered for Transportation by or by virtue of this present Act, shall break Gaol, or unlawfully or escape before such Transportation, or shall return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland before the turning from Expiration of the said Seven Years, for which such Offender or Offenders shall be so ordered to be n^huffcr31'0"' transported, as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof; ail and every such Person and Death.

Persons so breaking Gaol, escaping, or returning into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, within the seefarther^gn. Time aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall ('offer Death as Felons, and have Execution z. C 16.22 Ga.' awarded again! them as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. a. C h&46.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of his present Majesty's i Geo. a. c.a^.

W Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of forgery, per jury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to Jleal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment

of Money, it is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Person from and after the twenty-ninth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, shall falsely make,

forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting any Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing Obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Endorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange, or Promissory Note for Payment of Money, or any Acquittance or Receipt,

either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, or mail utter or publish as true, any false, forged, or counterfeited Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing Obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Endorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counter

*; then every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, according to the due Course of Law,

shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas no Punishment is inflicted by the said Act upon any Person who shall falsely make, alter, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or affilt in the false making, altering, forging or counterfeiting any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or the Number or principal Sum of any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill or other Southeast curity for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, or who shall knowingly utter or publish the same as true Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if Pe, fc, e any Person from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, convicted of shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged or coun forging or ai terfeited, or willingly actor aflilt in the false making, altering, forging or counterfeiting any Acceptance ctptasnceof'c* of any Bill of Exchange, or the Number or Principal Sum of any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bills of Ex bill or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money, or 4l, anse or the Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, or shall utter or publish as true, countabiere any false forged or counterfeited Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or accountable Receipt ceipts, C for any Note, Bill or other Security for Payment of Money, or Warrant or Order for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person, knowing the same to be false, altered, shall suffer forged or counterfeited; then every such Person, being thereof lawfully convicted according to the due Death as Felons. Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit Concern for of Clergy.'s«y ja.farther

31 Geo. z C zz,

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for raffing the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, and for making the Militia within the same more useful. His Majesty may order the Militia to be drawn out into actual Service, at any Time before 24 June 1735, notwithstanding the said Act. The Militia of any City, Town, C to march at any Time before 24 June 1735, as ordered by the King, and the Expense repaid in 6 Months by Assessment.

EXP.

Vol. VI

Z

170 C 24, 25. Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

For femur Lav. s iii.t)rovided nevertheless, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend C 3. IT to make any Person chargeable to the Militia, that is not already chargeable by Law to the same, 13 & 14 Car. 2. or to enlarge the Power of the Lieutenants, or their Deputies in any Kind, beyond the Authority already j'3car - s*ven them by the Acts of the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth Years of King Charles the se-10 &\i'tr. % esnd, relating to the Militia, saving only in the particular Cases express, directed and provided for by 12. this present Act; and that no Person who is by this Act chargeable to the Militia, shall be obliged at

1 Am. f. 1. any Time or Times hereafter, to advance more than one month's Pay to any Horse or Foot Soldier, ic. 1 ft. t'll such Time as the month's Pay by such County, City, Riding or Place, so to be advanced, shall <14 have been repaid and made good to such County, City, Riding or Place, by his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, out of his or their public Treasury or Revenue.

lia see farthet 30 Geo. 2. r. 25. 31 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. 33 Geo. 2. c. 2, 22, & 24.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Stationer of London, the sole Liberty of Printing and Reprinting the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Time therein limited.

PR.

lannse, C 10,

WHEREAS Samuel Buckley, citizen and stationer of London, hath, at a very great expence, by his own industry and with the assistance of divers learned persons, in the course of several years, procured many valuable supplements to the celebrated histories of Thuanus, with a design to publish a new impression thereof and hath now caused to be printed, in the city of London, a fair and accurate edition of the said histories in the Latin language, in seven volumes in Folio, with great additions and improvements, upon paper and with types provided for that purpose: and whereas the sole liberty of printing and reprinting books for the term of fourteen years, to commence from the day of the first publishing the same, granted to the proprietors thereof by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for the encouragement of learning, by vesting the copies of printed books in the authors or purchasers of such copies, during the times therein mentioned, extends not to prohibit the importation, vending, or selling of any books in Greek, Latin, or any other foreign language, printed beyond the seas, as by a proviso contained in the said act is declared: And whereas the Work thus completed by the Care of the said Samuel Buckley may be reprinted beyond the Seas, and, under Colour of the said Proviso, which was not intended for the Advantage of Foreigners in Prejudice to the Natives of this Kingdom, many Copies of the said Work, so reprinted, may be imported, vended and sold, to the great Damage of the said Samuel Buckley: " Therefore that he may not lose the Fruit of his Expense and Labour, by the Avarice of foreign Printers, orfufferby an Act made for the Encouragement of Learning, may it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted,

sv "

"Buckley and his Assigns shall have the sole Liberty of Printing and Vending the Histories of Thuanus "See. for 14. Years. The Nine Copies to be delivered for the public Libraries by 24 June 1734.

it Geo. i. C 24. 4 fd 4. C j. i R 3. C 8.

After 24 June 17^4. Owners of fulling mills to stamp on a i.ervlen Seal the true Length and kn ndth of every Bread Chth, before it be carried from the Mill.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York.

WHEREAS the Act made in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York (which, except that Part which restrains certain Persons therein described from making Broad Cloth in the said jvefl Riding, was, by an Act; made in the last Session of Parliament, continued till the first Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) has been found highly beneficial to the Cloth Trade in the said West Riding: And whereas there are Penalties in the said Act directed to be levied upon the Owners, Occupiers, or mill men of the fulling mills in the said ivef Riding, to which they may inadvertently become liable, to their great Lois, and the Discouragement of the Manufacture; several Doubts have arisen in Construction of the said Act, and the same Act has been found defective for some of the Purposes thereof; " Wherefore for explaining and amending the same, and for making the said Law more effectual; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Pan: ament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Owner, Master, Occupier, or mill man, of any fulling mills in the said West Riding, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, neglect or refuse tp stanip on a Seal of Lead, by the said Act directed to be affixed to every Broad Cloth made in the said jveji Riding, before such Cloth shall be carried from the Mill, in Figures plainly to be seen and known, the true Length and Breadth of such Cloth, and also his Name or Part thereof upon the Rivet of the Seal, and be thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before one or more Justice or Indices of the Peace for the said West Riding, or of any Corporation within

A.D. 1734. Anno septimo Georgrr II

C 2;

T 7 I

of the same (provided such Justice or Justices be or are not a Merchant or Trader in the Woollen Manu cn i'cn.uhy oi facture, and which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowerul to administer) such offinec.<', C Owner, Mailer, Occupier, or mill man, of such fulling mill, shall forfeit for every such negleo or Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and diifributed as is herein after directed; and that from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, no Matter, Owner, Occupier, or mill man, of any fulling mill in the said jvejl Riding, shall forfeit or incur any greater Penalty than the said Sum of twenty findings for the said Offence or not damping on irtfomiators the said Seals the true Length and Breadth of such Cloth, and also his Name, or Part thereof, upon to be laitwi tithe Rivet of the said Seal; and for the recovering of which said Penalty the Information shall be laid n '4 p'< within fourteen Days after the Delivery of the said Cloth so overfiamped, as aforesaid. ter Delivery.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth rue's o'pc?'

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, if any Merchant or Buyer of Broad Cloth ty^may putviie shall suspedf, that such Cloth does not contain the Length and Bieadth impressed on the Seals affixed to civ.th in Waux such Cloth by the Fuller or mill man, then and in such Calc it shall and may be lawful to and for the four Hours, Merchant or Buyer of such Cloth, within fourteen Days after the Delivery of such Cloth, to put the same into Water, for any time not exceeding four Hours, and then cause the same to be measured by a

sworn Searcher of Woollen Broad Cloth; and if such Searcher shall, upon such Measurement, find the Cured by a

Cloth so by him measured, to contain a smaller Quantity in the Length or Breadth thereof, than on sworn Searcher.

such Seals is marked and impressed by the Fuller or mill man, then and in such Case the Clothier or

Maker of such Cloth so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the Oath of one or more

credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding,

or of any Corporation within the same (such Justice not being a Merchant or Trader in the Woollen

Manufacture, and which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to administer)

shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty >. billings for every such Cloth with such defective

Seals by him sold; and the Searcher, measuring such Cloth shall, immediately upon such Admeasure

ment, take the defective Seals off such Cloth, and affix newr Seals thereupon, containing the true

Length and Breadth which such Cloth was found to be of upon his Admeasurement of the same; and shall register the true Length and Breadth, found upon such Admeasurement, in a Book to be by him

kept for that Purpose; and such Searcher shall, within Five Days after such Admeasurement, make In makelnforma

formation of the Fact upon Oath, before one or mote Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said jvejl tion on Oath

Riding: And if any such Searcher shall neglect or refuse to affix to any Cloth, so by him measured, new of d?f!a'j.er

Seals of the true Length and Breadth of such Cloth, or to tegifter the same, or to make Information of 0°' afterths

the Fact within the Time aforesaid, such Seareher so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Admeasure

the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justtees for the

laid Riding, or any Corporation within the same, shall, for every such Neglect or Offence forfeit the onpenalt f

Sum of twenty Shillings; which said Sums of twenty Shillings and twenty Shillings shall go and be dif 20s.

posed of, one Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall give Information of the Offence on which the Penalties how

Conviction shall be made, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said West Riding for the time be(, 1powl

being, to be applied towards the Payment of the Searchers Salaries: And if any Clothier or Maker of Cloth, or Searcher, being convfdted of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall, by the Space of ten Days Nonpayment next after he or they shall be so convicted, and have Notice thereof given to him, her or them, or left of the Penalties, in Writing at his, her or their dwelling house, or last Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to pay any in Days. Penalties by him, her or them incurred by reason of this Actor shall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the next Quarter sessions; then it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth) upon Certificate of such Conviction lent to them from the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction was made (who is and are hereby authorised and required to make such Certificate) to issue out one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to the Constable of the Town or Place, or Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Liberties, Wapentakes, or Limits where such Offender or Offenders do or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy, the same Penalties by Distress and Sale of the offender, for offender's Goods and Chattles, returning the Overplus (if any be, after paying likewise the Charges of want of di such Distress and Sale) to the Offender or Offenders demanding the same; and where no sufficient Di p^ffontd ^n'ct* stress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said kepuo hard jveji Riding, there to be kept to hard Labour, not exceeding the Space of one Month. Labour.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Offender or Offenders shall and may, and are hereby au The Seller, in thorized and empowered, within five Days after such Notice of the Offences so upon them charged, to Notice may go to the House of the Merchant, Buyer, or Owner of the Cloth, and request to see the said Cloth, to examine the examine that the Crimes and Fatfts so charged upon them be just, and that no Frauds have been com clothcomplain mitted by the Merchant, Buyer or Owner of the same, or the Searcher measuring such Cloth; andedof'

that upon the merchant's, Buyer or Owner of such Cloth, refilling to permit and fuller such Offender and on the or Offenders to see and examine such Cloth, as aforesaid, such Prosecution, so intended to have been ^yp, oibcuu"on made against such Offender or Offenders, shall be at an End, and eeafe, and any Conviction to be made shall tease. thereupon shall be void, and of none effedf. No ter

IV. Provided always, and it is further enacted, That no Clothier, or Maker of Woollen Broad Cloth p enaky than in the incut Inch

the there m defective Cloth.

Proviso relating towhitc Clothes.

mill man may detain the Cloth till Payment of the Duties imposed by the former Adh

el. Penalty on mill man detaining the Money appointed to be paid to the treasurer.

Persons who advanced Money to procure the at 11 Geo. ». C 24. how to be repaid.

The additional Duties till Repayment of such Moneys.

C 25.. Anno septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1734.

the Sum of twenty Shillings; which said Penalties shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Penalties are herein directed.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That no Master or Owner of white Woollen Broad Cloth shall be subject to any Penalties inffidted by this or the former Act, relating to the Breadth of the same, after such white Cloth shall be put into hot Water, or any Liquors, in order to be dyed.

VI. And whereas by the said Act it is provided, That there shall be paid to the Mailer or Occcu

pier of every such fulling mill, for affixing, or causing to be affixed at each End of every Cloth,

before it shall be carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, and riveting the same, and stamping thereon

the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, in the Manner therein directed, twopence by the Owner of every such Cloth; one Penny whereof is by the said Act appointed to be paid to the Treasurer of the said West Riding for the time being, to be applied, by Direction of the Justices of the Peace at

their General Quarter sessions, towards the Salaries of Searchers by them to be appointed by virtue of the said Act; but no Provision is in the said Act made to enforce the Payment, either of the said twopence to the said Master or Occupier of the said Mill, or of the said Penny to the said Treasurer of the said West ridingit is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, in case any Owner of such Cloth shall refuse or neglect upon Demand to pay to the mill man, Master or Occupier of such Mill, such twopence for every whole Cloth, or one Penny for every half Cloth; it shall be lawful to and for the said mill man, Master or Occupier of such Mill, to detain and (lop such Cloth until such twopence for every whole Cloth, or such Penny for every half Cloth, shall be to him paid: And in case any mill man, Master or Occupier of such Mill, shall refuse, or by the Space of ten Days next after Demand thereof, neglect to pay to the said Treasurer of the said West Riding one Penny for every such whole Cloth, and one halfpenny for every such half Cloth so sealed and damped at such lulling mill, as aforesaid (Oath being, of such Refusal or Neglect, made by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, or any Corporation within the same, such Justice not being a Merchant or Trader in the Woollen Manufacture, and which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to administer) then every such mill man, Master or Occupier of such Mill shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be paid to the said Treasurer, and to be applied towards the Salaries of the said Searchers and then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the said mill man, Master or Occupier of such Mill, so refusing or neglecting to pay such Penny for every such whole Cloth, or such Halfpenny for every such half Cloth, as aforesaid, as well the said Sum of five Pounds, as the said one Penny for every such whole Cloth, or the said Halfpenny for every such half Cloth so refused or negledfed to be paid; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, then and in such Case to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said West Riding, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month.

VII. And whereas several Sums of Money have been borrowed and taken up at Interest by diverse Clothiers, which Sums have been expended and disbursed in and about the obtaining of the said Act of the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and in endeavouring to procure a Bill, ' which in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was brought into Parliament, for ex

amending, and making more effectual the said Act, to pass into a Law, which nevertheless did not pass, and several Sums of Money have been and will be expended and disbursed in obtaining this present actnow it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, to or by whom any Money is or shall be due, owing, or disbursed, upon the Account above-mentioned, shall and may, at the next Quarter sessions to be held for the said West Riding, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, deliver in their restieftive Bills or Accounts of their respective Disbursements, Debts, and Demands then due to them respectively, and make Oath (or being a Quaker or Quakers', make a solemn Affirmation) of the Truth thereof; and upon such Accounts, so delivered and proved as aforesaid, the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to allow so much of the said Bill or Bills, as shall appear and seem to them to be reasonable, and to order and direct the Money arisen by the sealing and damping of Cloth, which shall be then remaining in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said West Riding (after deducting the reout such Salaries as shall be then due to the Searchers, if any such Remainder there shall be) to be immediately issued and paid unto the several Persons, who upon such Proof shall be entitled to the same, in proportion to the respective Sums so proved to be due to them respectively, with such legal Interest for any Sum or Sums of Money expended in and about the obtaining the said former Actor endeavouring to procure the said Bill to pass into a Law, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and which the said Treasurer is hereby required and directed, upon such Order, to issue and pay accordingly.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as any Money arising by the stamping of Cloth or otherwise, by virtue of this or the said former Act, shall come into the Hands of such Treasurer for the Time being, the same shall, from time to time, by such Order of the Justices, at their Quarter sessions to be held next after Easter in every Year, be issued. and applied to the several Persons Entitled to the same on the account aforementioned, in the Proportion aforesaid, until the whole Debts and Demands of such Person and Persons respectively shall be fully satisfied and discharged.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Clothier or Maker of Broad Cloth within the said Riding shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the mill man, the further Sum of twopence for every whole Cloth, or one Penny for every half Cloth, which shall be made or fulled within the said Riding, to be

8 by

Anno septimo Georgii II.

C 26. 17

by them paid to the Treasurer of the said Riding, until such Time as the Debts and Demands which shall be proved and allowed in Manner before mentioned, to be due to such several Persons, as aforesaid, for any Sum or Sums of Money expended in and about obtaining the said former at, or endeavouring to procure the said Bill to pass into a Law, with Interest for the same, and the Charges of obtaining this Act, shall be raised, and that then this Clause shall entirely cease and determine.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Matters, mill men, and Occu powers for re

piers of the said fulling mills, and the said Treasurer of the said West Riding, shall have like Powers covering the for the recovering and obtaining the said further Sum of twopence for every whole Cloth, and of one Du'

Penny for every half Cloth, as is herein before provided for recovering and obtaining the said Sums, K's'

for (baling and (tamping the said Cloth, and the Moieties thereof payable by virtue of the said former Act; and such Masters, mill men, and Occupiers of the said Mills shall be subject to like Penalties for not paying the said further Sum of twopence for every whole Cloth, and one Penny for every half Cloth to the said Treasurer, to be levied and recovered in like Manner, as the said mill men, Masters, and Occupiers of Mills are herein before made liable unto, for refusing or neglecting to pay such Sums as by the said former Act are so limited to be paid to the said Treasurer, and as herein before provided for the recovering and levying such Penalties.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the said Debts and Demands shall be totally paid when the ad off and discharged, no other Rates or Duties shall be paid to the mill men, Masters or Occupiers of Dutiet the said fulling mills, for sealing and (tamping the said Cloth, than twopence for a whole Cloth, and a lcale' one Penny for an End or half Cloth; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the said Treasurer for the Purposes aforesaid.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, cos. Penalty on after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, dial I stretch or cloths mo re (train, or cause or procure to be stretched or (trained, any whole or long Cloth, or End, or half Cloth, than 1 Yard in more than one Yard in Length in every twenty Yards of the Length thereof, or more than one Inch in Length, C every Quarter of a Yard of the Breadth thereof (and foin Proportion for Clothes that are more or less markett*11* in Lengths and Breadths) above or beyond the Length or Breadth of such Cloth, upon such Stamps y

or Seals marked, set down, and expressed; then, and in such Case, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall for every half Yard in Length, or every Inch in Breadth, such Cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, which said Sum shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Penalties are herein directed.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Appeals to tke Person or Persons shall find him or herself aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Quarter seffi justices, upon any Conviction before him or them in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons ons'

may appeal to the next General Quarter sessions to be held for the said West Riding of the said County of York, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering or informing of the Offence on which such Conviction was made; and if the Justices at their said Quarter sessions shall think fit either to confirm or disannul the Order or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in Cases of Appeals from any Order of the Justices of the Peace whote Order to the Sessions, whose Order herein shall be final. than be final,

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June who shall be one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, no Person for the future shall be a Searcher of Woollen appointed Broad Cloth, in the said Riding, other than such as shall follow, r, or shall have been brought up in the Searchers Trade or Occupation of a Maker or Dresser of Woollen Broad Cloth in the said Riding, to be chosen.

by the Justices, not Dealers in Cloth.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Penalties, Directions, and Clauses therein To what Clothes

contained, shall extend to all Woollen Broad Cloth, which shall be made, milled, dressed. exposed ivs, nti shall to Sale in the West Riding of the County of York.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid', That all Informa Informations tions, on which any Conviction shall be made of any Offence by virtue of this Act, shall be made within pah made in s five Days next after Discovery of the same Offence, and not otherwise.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall con Duration of this tinue in Force until the first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Act.

and forty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also that this Act ' madeperpe shall be taken and deemed to be a public Aftr; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby al j4geo z required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same. jndfcmgec.i,

C 28.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament, one of the third, < te Powers

and the other of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repair granted by the

ing the Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse and Hamp former aas,

ftcad in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of ^edef0r°ai*

Hampstead, to the further End a/'burrough Lane in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads Years' therein mentioned, lying, in the Parish of Islington in the said County.

PR,

8 Geo. 2. 0, 28,

A.D. 1734.

174 G. 27-29. Anno feptuno Georgii II.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for making the Church of Bablack in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto, and for enabling the Matter and Usher of the free Grammar School within the said City, to be the Rector and Ledurer of the said Parish Church. After ?. % June 1734. Bablack Church shall be deemed a Parish Church by the Name of Saint John Baptist. Bishop of the Diocese to ascertain the Manner and Form of the lecturer's Assistance. St. Michael and St, John to have the same Churchwarden. Rector to nominate the Parish Clerk. Trustees may purchase another Cemetery, and Lands, &c. not exceeding 40l. per Ann. for the Use of the new Church. The Bishop to determine Controversies about letting Pews. This Act not to prejudice the Owner of the impropriate ithes of St. Michael, or the present Rector. The Inhabitants of the new Parish may resort to St. michael's, and bury their Dead there, till the new Church be fitted for Divine Service, &c.

PR.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to extend the Navigation of the River Weaver from Winsford Bridge to the Town of Namptwich in the County of Chester.

PR.

7 Geo. 1. c. 10.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late ma C W jetty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodtham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester, the Undertakers and the Trustees therein men ioned, and their Successors, were empowered to make the said River navigable from £ Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge aforesaid, which River hath since been made navigable from Frodfam Bridge to Winsford Bridge accordingly: And whereas the extending or enlarging of the Navigation on the said River for Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels from Winsford Bridge aforesaid, to namptu ich in the same County, will not only be very beneficial and convenient, as well for the Carriage of Salt, Cheese, and Corn (the great Produce and Manufactures of the said County) as of other Goods and Merchandizes, to and from the said Town of Namptwich (the largest and most considerable Town in the said County) and other Towns and Parts adjacent, but will employ the Poor, and be a C Means to preserve the Highways in that Part of the said County, and will tend very much to the improving and increasing the Number of Seamen and Watermen in the said County, and be for the public goodmay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may been acted, &c.

"W. Maiferson and T. Williams, and their Assigns, empowered to make the River navigable. The "Duties to be paid to the Undertakers not to exceed 3 s. per Tonne Weight. The Works exempted

" from the Commission of Sewers. On Death, &c. of Commissioners, others shall be chosen. Undertakers

to setup and maintain Bridges, &c. and may borrow Money on the Undertaking. Any "Person may use Pleasure Boats on the River."

CAP. XXIX.

The Powers An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late ma r!kt'acts> aree jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more cjfeiiual amending the Highways leading from further conti Royston in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the

nued for 14 same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Poll upon

Continued by Alconbury Hill, and Wandsford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called Tie North Divi 24 Geo. 2. c. 59.' son P K

Anno octavo GEORGII II.

dit ( A T ie Payment begun and held at Westminster, the fourteenth Day of January, Anno Dom. Twnii Ann ' one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, a in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sove

rcgm.&c.*III reign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ire

bardlet, for a*King, Defender of the Faith, &c. Being the first Section of this present Parliament.'

gationcs & ad

journati ones CAP. I.

continual, ufytic

h ximi"n An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called annorcgitif&c. England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that

ofiamo.*' Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty

tnrecordo. five. EXP. See is Geo. 2. C i.

CAP. II.

An Act to punish Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

Anno octavo Georgii II.

175

C

1-6.

CAP. III.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading from Newton, Nailsworth and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Auflerlands in the Parirn of Saddleworth, in the County of York.

The Tolls are to continue from 1 May 1735, for z 1 Years. P R. Farther continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. IV.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the Declarations contained in the Act of Uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anke, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and the tnojl Northern Part of Talk on the Hill in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford.

PR.

The former Act is further continued for 21 Years. Farther continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the public registring of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incum -- brances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS the Lands in the North Riding of the County of York are generally Freehold, which may be so secretly transferred or conveyed from one Person to another, and incumbred, that such For R ipn b1 ' Persons as are ill disposed have it in their Power to commit Frauds, and frequently do so, by Means the Weji undfajl whereof several Persons, who through many Years Industry in their Trades and Employments, and by yozlm. c.

great Frugality, have been enabled to purchase Lands, or lend Money on Land Security, have been 5 Am. C i.

undone in their Purchases and Mortgages by prior and secret Conveyances and fraudulent Incum ° c 35*

brances, and not only themselves, but their whole Families thereby utterly ruined For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Request of the Justices of the Peace,

Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the said North Riding) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a afc^r 29 sept memorial of all Deeds and Conveyances, which from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, rial of all Deeds, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, shall be made and Conveyances, executed, and of all Wills and Devises in Writing made or to be made, and published, where the Desc ?f visor or Testatrix shall die after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred to befegiilred, and thirty-six, and of all Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances (other than such as shall be entered in the Name and upon the proper Account of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) which shall be obtained or entered into after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, of or concerning, or whereby any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said North Riding, may be any way affected in Law or Equity, may be registered in such Manner as is herein after directed; and that every such Deed or Conveyance, Judgement, Statute, or Recogni, or n'ali be advance, that shall, at any Time after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred fr iudu'

and thirty-six, be made and executed, obtained, or entered into, shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee, Plaintiff or Cognifee, for or upon valuable consideration, unless such Memorial thereof be registered, as by this Act is directed, before the registring of the memorial of the Deed or Conveyance, Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance, under which such subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee, Plaintiff or Cognifee, shall claim; and that every such Devise by Will shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsecpient Purchaser or Mortgagee, Plaintiff or Cognifee, for or upon valuable Consideration, unless a Memorial of such Will be registered in such Manner as is. herein after directed.

II. And for the better settling and establishing a certain Method, with proper Rules and Direiftions, How and where for registering such Memorials as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Re'

public Office for registring such Memorials of and concerning any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tene fhiu bc ap ments, and Hereditaments, that are situate, lying, and being within the said North Riding, shall be pointed, erefled and established at such Market Town as the justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at their General Quarter sessions, in and for the said North Riding, which shall be held at Northallerton, on the seventeenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, shall agree and adjudge to be the nearest Market Town to the Centre or Middle of the said North Riding, to be managed and executed by a lit and able Person to be, from time to time, elected and appointed in Manner

176 C 6. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

ner herein after directed, or his sufficient Deputy, and to continue in the said Office for so long Time as he shall well demean himself therein.

The Charges of III Provided, and be it further enacted, That the Costs and charges of procuring and passing of this siwnv a"fh°f of Parliament, and in erecting and establishing of the said public Register Office, shall be at raid Offices how public Charge of the said North Riding; which Costs, Charges, and Expenses, 111 all be raised

to be paid! by the Justices of the Peace of the said North Riding at their General Quarter sessions of the Peace, in such Manner as they are empowered to raise Money for Repairs of Public or County Bridges.

The Form of

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Elections of a Register to be made reri as ulb or app°^med by virtue of this Act, shall be performed by ballotting in Manner following; that is

5*' to say, All the Freeholders of the Age of one and twenty Years, that at the Time of any such Election

have an Estate of Freehold of or in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said North Riding, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, to be determined by the Oath of the Elector, or solemn Affirmation of such Elector being of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, before the Scrutators herein after mentioned, if any Doubt arise touching the same (which Oath and solemn Affirmation they are hereby empowered to administer) shall be Electors of the said Regiller; and that the Justices of the Peace for the said North Riding, in that Behalf assembled, or the major Part of them, or any Five of such Justices to be appointed by such major Part, shall be Scrutators of the Ballot, who shall meet on the Day and Place of Election, and there, in the Presence of the Electors, shall place one or more Glass Vessel or Vessels, to be provided for that Purpose, into which each Elector present shall put one open Paper, containing the Name of such Personas he approves of to be Regiller; which Papers shall be taken out again in the Presence of the said Scrutators, by a Person by them in that Behalf appointed; and the Name or Names of every Person therein shall be once transcribed in dillindl Columns, and under each Name shall be set down the Number of their Electors, which shall be deliberately call up by the said Scrutators, and the same shall be read over in the Hearing, and fixed up in the View of the Electors then present; and the Person upon whom the Majority shall fall shall be declared Regiller

The Time and V And be it further enacted, That the Election of the Person to be the first Regiller shall be made Place of chcof at Northallerton aforesaid, upon the eighteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, retrhierfi, ft 'n Pen Court, between the Hours of eight in the Morning and six in the Afternoon.

The Election of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said Office lutureregisters. shall become vacant by the Death, Forfeiture, or Surrender of any such Regiller, the Justices of the Peace for the said North Riding, assembled at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace next after such Vacancy shall happen, or the major Part of them, shall in open Court declare the said Vacancy; and by Order of the same Sessions shall appoint and prefix a certain Day and Time within the Space of one Calendar Month, and not less than three Weeks, ensuing the End of such General Quarter sessions, for the Electors to assemble at such Place where the Office shall be erected as aforesaid, to choose a fit and able Person in the Manner aforesaid, to supply the said Vacancy; and that all Persons qualified to be Electors may have due Notice of such Vacancy, and Time of Election of a succeeding Regiller, the Clerk of the Peace for the time being for the said North Riding shall forthwith cause Copies of such Order, for the prefixing the Time of such Election, to be delivered to the respective Chief conlla bles of the several Wapentakes within the said North Riding, who shall, and are hereby required to publish the same in full Market, in every Market Town within their respective Wapentakes, on the next Market Day after the Receipt thereof, and to affix the" same in the most public Place of Resort there.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Regiller, before he enter upon the Execution of the said Office, shall be sworn before the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any three or more of them, that shall be present at his Election, who are hereby empowered and required to administer such Oath in the Words following

The register's ' "VT O U shall truly and faithfully perform and execute the Office and Duty that is directed and re oath. 4 I. quired by you to be done by Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the public regijlring of all

Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Encumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may ajfeft, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York, after the nine and tiventieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and that you have not given or promised, directly or indirectly, nor authorised any Person to give or promise any Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, for procuring or obtaining the said Office for you

So help you God.

register's De

VIII. And that when and as often as the said Regiller shall appoint any Deputy to execute the said pury to take Office, such Deputy shall, before he enter upon the Execution thereof, take the said Oath appointed to the Oath. be taken by the said Regiller, before two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, who are hereby empowered and required to administer such Oath.

How the Office

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any fucrh Regiller, and until another Election of Register is" of a fit Person to execute that Office lhair be made in the Manner aforesaid, the Executors and administo be executed, fixators of the Regiller deceased, together with the Sureties for the said Regiller, or their Executors cancy?*ani Administrators, shall appoint a proper Person to execute the Office ot Regiller, for whole Demeanour

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 6. 177

meanor in the Execution of the said Office, the Security given for such Register deceased shall be answerable' '

And be it further enacted, That the Person to be appointed as aforesaid, upon the Death of any Penalty on Mif register, to execute the said Office during the Time the same sit all be vacant as aforesaid, shall, before he enter upon the Execution thereof, take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by such Register', '!: ui j.fj. Inch and his Deputy, before two or more Justices of the Peace for tile said Riding (who are hereby im vacancy.'powered to administer the same Oath) and that if such Person so appointed shall be lawfully convicted of any Neglect, Misdemeanour, or fraudulent Practice, in the Execution of the said Office, during such Vacancy, lie shall be liable to pay treble Damages, with full Costs of Suit, to every person that mail be injured thereby, to be recovered as is herein alter directed.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Memorial of Deeds, The Method Conveyances, and Wills, so to be entered and regill red, shall be put into Writing in Vellum or Parch r«sillr»'s ment and brought to the said Office, and, in case of Deeds and Conveyances, shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Grantors, or.some or one of the Grantees, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees, attested by two Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance, which Witness final] upon his Oath, or being a Quaker on his solemn Affirmation, s c}»rrantc.) before the said Register or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of such Memorial, and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorial (or else the Person so signing and sealing the same Memorial as aforesaid, or one of them, shall, before the said Register or his Deputy, acknowledge his or their signing and sealing of the said m&morial, 'and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorials) and in case of Wills, the Memorial shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of thedevifees, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Guardians or true ftees, attested by two Witnesses, one whereof shall, upon his Oath, or being a Quaker on his solemn Affirmation, before the said Register or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of such Memorial, or the same shall be acknowledged in like Manner before the said Register or his Deputy, by the Persons so signing and sealing the same Memorial as aforesaid, or one of them (which respective Oaths and Affirmations the said Regiller or his Deputy is hereby empowered to administer); and the said Register or his Deputy is hereby also empowered to take the said respective Acknowledgements as aforesaid, and shall enter a Memorandum of the taking the same respectively upon the said respective Memorials, with the Time when the same was so taken; and the said. Memorandum shall be signed by the said Register or his Deputy, and also by the Party so acknowledging the same reflectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance or Will, shall con thecontenn tain the Day of the Month and the Year when such Deed, Conveyance, or Will bears Date, and the of the Memo names and Additions of all the Parties to such Deed or Conveyance, and of the Devisor or Testatrix ofri.^s "be rc" such Will, and of all the Witnesses to such Deed, Conveyance or Will, and the Places of their Abode, s' iea' and shall express or mention the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, contained in such Deed, 'Conveyance or Will, and the Names of all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Preeindts or Extra parochial Places within the said North Riding, where any such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devised, or anyway affected or charged by any such Deed, Conveyance or Will, in such Manner as the same are expressed or mentioned in such Deed, Conveyance or Will, or to the Tame Eftedl; and that every such Deed, Conveyance and Will, or Probate of the same, of which such Memorial is so to be registered as aforesaid, shall be produced to the said Register or his Deputy at the Time of entering such Memorial, who shall endorse a Certi The Certificate ficate on every such Deed, Conveyance and Will, or Probate thereof, and therein mention the certain of registring. Day, Hour and Time, on which such Memorial is so entered or registered, expressing also in what Book,

Page and Number the same is entered, and that the said Register or his Deputy shall lign the said Certificate so endorsed (which Certificate shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of such respective Registries in all Courts of Record whatsoever) and that every Page of such Register Books, and that every Memorial that shall be entered therein, shall be numbered, and the Day of the Month, and the Year and the Hour or Time of the Day when every Memorial is registered, shall be entered in the Margin of the said Register Books, and of the said Memorial; and that every such Register shall keep an alphabetical ka lenaafi of all Parishes, Extra parochial Places and Townships within the said North Riding, with Reference to the Number of every Memorial that concerns the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in every fu Ji Parish, Extra parochial Place or Township respectively, and of the Names of the 'parties mentioned in such Me r ovials.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Memorial of such Deeds, Con on what Conveyances and Wills, as shall be made and executed in any Place not within forty Miles of the said 1 C '

public Register Office, which do or may concern or afiecl any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or grant'd. "

Hereditaments in the said North Riding, shall be entered or registered by the aforesaid Register or his Deputy, in case an Affidavit sworn, or a solemn Affirmation of a Person of the Persuasion of the People Called Quakers made in Writing, before one of the judges at Westminster, or a Miller in Chancery, ordinary ior extraordinary, be brought with the said Memo: ial to the said Register or his Deputy, wherein one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deeds and Conveyances shall fv/ear, or being a Quaker Avail affirm that he or (lie saw the same executed, and the Memorial signed and sealed as aforesaid, or when.ii) one of the Witnesses to the Memorial of any Will shall swear, or being a Quaker shall affirm that he or file saw such Memorial signed and sealed as aforesaid; the same shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Register or his Deputy, to give the Party that brings such Memorial and Affidavit, or Affirmation, a Certificate of the registring such Memorial, which Certificate signed by the said re gifter or his Deputy, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of the r.egiftries of the same Memorials, in

Vol. VI'A a all

178 C 6.

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

Wills contcfled.

all Courts of Record whatsoever; thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding,

case of fc

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where there are more Writings than one for making

ver. d Writings, and perfecting any Conveyance or Security, which do name, mention or any Ways affect or concern the may'^oniy aine Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, it shall be a sufficient Memorial and rc mentioncdonce. gister thereof, if all the same Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Parishes, Town -- ships, Hamlets or Extraparochial Places wherein the same lie, be only once named or mentioned in the Memorial, Register and Certificate of any one of the Deeds or Writings made for the perfecting of such, Conveyance or Security; and the Dates of the rest of the said Deeds or Writings relating to the said

Conveyance or Security, with the Names and Additions of the Parties and Witnesses, and the Places of their Abodes, be only set down in the Memorials, Registers, and Certificates of the same, with a Reference to the Deed or Writing whereof the Memorial is foregift red, that contains or expresses the Parcels mentioned in nil the said Deeds, and Directions how to find the registring the same.

Memorials of

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Memorials of Wills that shall be registered in Wills.' Manner as aforesaid, within the Space of six Months after the Death of every respective Devisor or Te

flatrix dying within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within the Space of three Years after the Death of every repfective Devisor or Testatrix, dying upon or in any Parts beyond the Seas, shall be as valid and effectual against subsequent Purchasers, Judgments, Statutes and Recognizances, as if the same had been registered immediately after the Death of such respective Devisor or Testatrix; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That in case the Devisee or Person or Persons interested in the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, devised by any such Will as aforesaid, by reason of the contesting uch Will or other inevitable Difficulty, without his, her or their wilful Neglect or Default, shall be disabled to exhibit a Memorial for the Registry thereof within the respective Times herein before limited, and that a Memorial shall be entered in the said Office, of such Cornell or Impediment, within the Space of six Months after the Decease of such Devisor or Testatrix. who shall die within the Kingdom, of Great Britain, or within the Space of three Years next after the Decease of such Person who shall die upon or beyond ihc Seas; then, and in such Case, the Registry of the Memorial of such Will within the Space of six Months next after his, her or their Attainment of such Will, or a Probate thereof, or Removal of the Impediment whereby he, she or they are disabled or hindered to exhibit such]' ]' inl, shall be a sufficient Registry within the meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Yovided nevertheless, That in case of any Concealment or Suppression of any Will or Devise, no l'u. chaser or Purchasers, for valuable Consideration, ih ill be defeated or disturbed in his or their purcha'e, nor any Plaintiff in any Judgement or Cognifee of any Statute or Recognisance, shall be defeated of his or their Debts, by any Title made or devised by any such Will, unless the Will be actually re gi fired within three Years after the Death of the Devisor or Testatrix.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Memorials of Judgments, Statutes and Re ognizances, so to be entered and registered at the said Register Office as aforesaid, shall be in Writing, and express and contain, in cale of such Judgement, the Names of the Plaintiffs, and the Names and Additions therein of the Defendants, the Sums thereby recovered, and the Time of the signing thereof; and in case of Statutes and Recognizances, the Date of such Statute or Recognisance, the Names and Additions of the Cognifors and Cognifees therein, and for what Sums, and before whom the same were acknowledged; and that in order to the making an Entry of such Memorials of Judgments, Statutes and Recognizances as aforesaid, the Party and Parties desiring the same shall produce to, and leave with the said Register or h s Deputy, to be filed in the said Public or Register Office, a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, signed by the proper Officer or his Deputy, who shall (ign such judgement, or his Successor in the same Office, or by the proper Officer in whose Office such Statute or Recognisance shall be enrolled, together with an Affidavit sworn, or fojemn Affirmation in Writing of a Person of the Perfuaiion of the People called puttiers, made before one of the Judges at Westminster, or a Master in Chancery, that such Memorial was duly signed by the Officer whole Name shall appear to be thereunto set; which Memorial such respective Officer is hereby required to give such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Cognifee or Cognifees, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or Attorney, or any of them, he, she or they paying for the same one Shilling, and no more.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Register or his Deputy shall make an Entry, and likewise (if required) shall give a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, testified by two credible witnesses, of every such Memorial of any Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, brought to him to be so registered as aforesaid; in such Book wherein such Memorial shall be entered, and also in such Certificate to be so given, shall mention the certain Day and Hour or Time of that Day, on which such Memorial is so registered or entered; and in such Certificate shall mention in what Book, Page and Number the same Memorial is entered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Register shall duly file ever' such Memorial of Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, Judgments, Statutes and Recognizances, in order of Time, as the same shall lw brought to the said Register Office, and shall enter of register the same Memorials in the same Order that they shall respectively come to his Hands.

XXI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Hknry the Eighth, entitled, For I nr el meats of Bargains and Sates, it is enacted, That no Manors,

Concealment of Wills. '

Memorials of Judgments,

St tutes an t jienojniirarces.

see.

Method of registring,

and filing.

Rrrital of the

Art a7 8 «. ili

Dapds, Tenements or other Hereditaments, thail pals, alter or change from one to another, whereby

any

*73.

Anno octavo Georgii JI.

C 6. 179

', any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold (hah be made or take eftcdl, in any Person or Persons, or any Use thereof to be made, by reason only of any Bargain and Sale thereof; except the said Bargain

the Peace, and the Clerk of the Ptate of the same County or Counties, or two of them at the 1.2ft,

whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be one; which Act hath been found by Experience to be of little cr no ul'e within the said "North Riding, for that the Clerk of the pe2ce thereof for the time being, who hath the keeping of the said Inrolments within the said North Riding, is not by the said Act unjoined 1 to give ar.y Security for the safe keeping, nor under any Penalty for the negligent keeping of the said Inrolments, nor is any Place by the said Act appointed for keeping thereof; And whereas by this present Act a public Office is intended to be erected and eflabhshed as aforesaid, at the public Charge of the said North Riding, for registring and rise keeping Memorials of all Deeds and Conveyances as aforesaid, and a public Reader to be chosen, who, according to the Directions herein zfrer iheu tioned, is to give sufficient Security for the due Execution of the said Office; 'For rendering the refore the said Act made in the twenry seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth more effectual and beneficial to the Inhabitants of the fai AN rth riiing, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of sepuntlrr in the Year of our Lord ore thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, all Bargains and Sales of any Manors, Lands, Tenements and Keredita pjjel'3 by ifc

if

«. 10 C — d

Record at Westminster, or before the Cujks Rotukrum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Clerk of a. the Peace for the said North Riding, or two of them, according to the aforesaid Act made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, or any other Act now in Force; and one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Riding for the time being, shall have Power to take and enter the Acknowledgment of the Bargainer, if but one, or of one of the Bargainers, if mere, iff such Bargains and Sales; and the said Register or his Deputy for the time being, shall well and fumciently inrotl, by ingrolting in Parchment Books, all such Bargains and Sales as shall for that Purpose be acknowledged as aforesaid, and shall ir.dorfe a Certificate on such Bargains and Sales of the Times of inrolling thereof and lign the same, and the Bocks thereof shall safely keep in the said public Office, there to remain upon Record amongst the Memorials of Deeds there registered. And be it further enacted,

That all Deeds of Bargain and Sale so enrolled in the said public or Register Office as aforesaid, which shall appear to be so enrolled by an Endorsement or Certificate on the said Deeds of Bargain and Sale, signed by the said Register or his Deputy, and all Copies of the Inrolments thereof remaining cn record dencl -

which such Title shall be claimed, and which shall be made and executed or signed and published, and in the case of Wills where the Devisor cr Testatrix shall die, after the ("aid twenty-ninth Day of septim ct' in the Year of our Lcrd one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and the said Register cr his Deputy is hereby authorised to enter and inrcll all such Deeds, Writings, Wills and Conveyances as ft, nil be so brought to be registered at full Length, by ingrofting them in Parchment Books; and the said Register or his Deputy shall, in the Margin of every such Lntry and inrojment, mention the Time of such Entry and Inrolment, and shall endorse and signa Certificate on such Deed, Conveyance cr Will, in Manner as is by this Act directed where a Memorial is entered, and shall rise y keep all and every the Bocks wherein rich Entries and Inrolments shall be made in the said public Office, there to

other Accident.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at rite Time any Deed, Conveyance or l'?s:

Will made and executed or signed and published after the twenty-ninth Day of Sipttn mr one thou re in ot rind seven hundred anid thirty-six, shall be brought to rite said Registers Office' to be registered cr inro ied mtr.:, at fji Length, one of the Wirnefils to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance, cr to the signing and publishing fetch Will, shall make Oath, or being one of the People called take his fclenm

Affirmation, before the said p.cgifrer or his Deputy, that fuel; Deed or Conveyance was duly executed by the Grantor or Grantors, or that such Wiil was signed and pub ished by the Devisor or Testatrix, which respective Oaths and Affirmations the said Register or his Deputy is required and empowered so

aurr

ter.

XXIV. Provided always, That such Deeds, Conveyances and Wills as shall be made and exec any Place not with: n forty Miles of the said Office, may be entered and registered at Full Length, by thea aioteriid register cr his Deputy, in case an Affidavit fwern, or a Solemn Affirmation of a Person of the

Penasaon

pa -: r. wist, S'- tdg

io C 6. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

Persuasion of the People called Quakers, made in Writing, before.one of the Judges at Westminster, or a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, be brought with such Deed Conveyance, or Will, wherein one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance, or to tyre signing or pub ushing such Will, shall swear or affirm, That he or she saw the said Deeds executed, qr, in case of Wills, such "Will signed and published by the Devisor or Testatrixj /' Tnrolment at

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Inrolment of every such Deed jof Bargain and full Length to Sale, and Registry at full Length, of such Deeds, Writings, 'Conveyances, and Wills in 'the said Re hntrjfot a Me gifter Office, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be the.entry of a Memorial thereof, pur morial, iuant to this Act, and shall have the same Force and Effect upon the Estate therein mentioned, in relation

to all subsequent Deeds, Conveyances and Wills, and to all other Intents and Purposes, as if a Memorial of such enrolled Deed or Deeds, Writing, Conveyance or Will, so regittred at full Length, had been entered in the said Register Office as aforesaid, pursuant to the said A if, and the Certificate signed and endorsed on such Deeds of Bargain and Sale so inrollpd, cr on such Deeds, Conveyances or Wills regittred at full Length, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of such Inrolments or Registries in all Courts of Record whatsoever.

rentier's Sees

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Register shall be allowed for the Entry of every such Memorial, as is by this Act directed, the Sum of one shilling, and no more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred Words; but if such Memorial shall exceed two hundred Words, then after the Rate and Proportion of fourpence an hundred for all the Words contained in such Memorial over and above the first two hundred Words and the like Fees for tie like Number of Words contained in every such Bargain and Sale enrolled, and Deeds, Writings, Conveyances and Wills regittred at fuli Length, as aforesaid, and in every Certificate or Copy given out of the said Offie, and no more; and for every Search in the said Office, one lliilling, and no more. anjattendance.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register, or his ffiffi cient Deputy, shall give due Attendance at his Office every Day in the Week except Sundays and Holidays, between the Hours cf nine and twelve in the Forenoon, and the Hours of two and five in the Afternoon, for the Dispatch of all Brfiness belonging to the said Office, and that every such Register, or his Deputy, as often as required, shall make Searches concerning all Memorials that are regittred. Deeds of Bargain and Sale enrolled, and Deeds, Writings, Conveyances, and Wills so. regittred at full Length as aforesaid, and give Certificates concerning the same under his Hand, if required by anyper. son, testified by two credible Witnesses. soooolsecuri 6

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register, at the Time of ty.'his being (worn into the said Office as aforesaid, shall enter into a Recognisance with two or more sufficient

Sureties, to be approved of by five or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said Priding, that were present at his Election, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be regittred at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said Riding, of the Penalty of two thousand Pounds, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be taken by the same Justices of the Peace that approved of his Security, conditioned for his true and faithful Performance of his Duty in the Execution of h: s said Office, in all Things directed and required by this Act; the same to be transmitted by the same Justices of the Peace, within one Month next after the Date thereof, into the Office of his Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, there to remain amongst the Records of the said Court.

Penalty on Re

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Regiller, or his. Deputy, shall neglect to per fl aeof°dmvs' form h's or ^ie'r Duty in the Execution of the said Office, according to the Rules and Directions in u y" this Act mentioned, or commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent Pradliee in the Execution of the said Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such Register shall forfeit his said Office, and pay Treble Damages with full Costs of Suit, to every such Person or Persons as shall be injured thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eftbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any mere than one Imparlance. nttwhan so be"

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any vacated. Register shall die, or surrender his Office, and there shall within the Space of three Years from and after such Death or Surrender, no Misbehaviour appear to have been committed by such Register in the Execution of his said Office, then and in such Case, at the End of the said three Years after his Death or Surrender, the said Recognisance so entered into by hint, shall become void and of none Efieft, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Pen alt, onfor

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or eounter

jery, feit any Entry of the Acknowledgement of any Bargainer in such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, or any such Memorial, Certificate, or Endorsement, as is herein mentioned or directed, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to such Pains and Penalties as in and by an Act made in fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act ngabift Forgery of false Deeds and Writings, are impoied upon Persons for forging and publishing false Deeds, Charters, or Writings sealed, Court Rolls or Wills, whereby the Freehold or Inheritance of any Person or Persons, of, in, or to any and Perjury. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall or may be molested, or charged; and that if any Pei fen or Persons shall at any Time forfhear ltimi clf, or, being a Quaker, shalljalfelv, maliciously, and corruptly affirm, before the said Register, or h: s Deputy, or before any Judge or Master in Chancery, in any of the Ca'es herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to the same Penalties, as if the same Oath had been made in any of the Courts of Record at We Amin fter.

4

Anno octavo Georgii II.

C 6.

J b1

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Mortgages, Judgments, Statutes, and Recognisances, whereof Memorials shall be entered in the said Register Office, or in case of Mortgages, where the Mortgage Deed shall be regillred at full Length, pursuant to this Act, if at any Time afterwards a Certificate shall be brought to the said Ilegifter, or his Deputy, signed by the Mortgagees in such Mortgage, Plaintiffs in such Judgement, Cogmfees in such Statute or Recognisance, 'their respective Kxccutors, Administrators, or Alfigtis, and attested by two Witnesses, whcieby it shall appear, that all Moneys due upon such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance respectively, have been paid or satisfied in discharge thereof (which Witnesses shall upon their Oath, before any one of the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, or Common Pleas, or any one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or before any one of the Mailers of the Court of Chancery, or before the said Regiffer, or his Deputy, who are hereby respectively empowered to administer such Oath, prove such Moneys to be satisfied or paid accordingly, and that they saw such Certificate signed by the said Mortgagees, Plaintiffs, or Cognifees, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns); that then, and in every such Case the said Regiffer, or his Deputy, shall make an Entry in the Margin of the said Regiffer Books again! the Registry of the Memorial of such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, or against such Deed registered at full Length respectively, that such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute or Recognisance respectively, was satisfied and discharged according to such Certificate, to which the same Entry shall refer, and shall after file such Certificate to remain upon Record, in the said register Office.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Judgement, Statute or Recognisance be registered in the said Regiffer Office, within twenty Days after the Acknowledgment or Signing thereof, all the Lands that the Defendants or Cognifees had, at the Time of such Acknowledgment or Signing, shall be bound thereby; and the Registry of a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, within the Time aforesaid, shall be as available to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Memorial thereof had been entered in the said Regiffer Office on the Day of the Signing or Acknowledgment of fu Jr Judgement, Statute or Recognisance.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any copy hold Estates, or to any Leases at a Rack Rent, or to any Lease not exceeding one and twenty Years, where the ailual Possession and Occupation goeth along with the Lease; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Deeds of Bargain and Sale hereafter inro led in pursuance of this Act, whereby an Estate of Inheritance in eee ffmple is limited to the Bargainee and his Heirs, the Words grant, bargain, and fell shall amount to, and be conllrued and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature to be, express Covenants to the Bargainee, his Heirs and Assigns, from the Bargainor, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, that the Bargainor, notwithstanding any Act done by him, was at the Time of the Execution of such Deed seized of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, bargained and sold, of an indefeazable Estate in fee simple, free from a 1 Encumbrances (Rents and Services due to the Lord of the See only excepted) and for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the Bargainor, his Heirs and Assigns, and all claiming under him, and also for further Assurance thereof to be inace by the Bargainor, his Heirs and Assigns, and all claiming under him; unless the same shall be restrained and limited by express particular Words contained in such Deed; and that the Bargainee, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns reflectively, shall and may, in any Action to be brought, affigu a Breach or Breaches, thereupon, as they might do in case such Covenants were exprelty inferred in such Bargain and Sale,

XXXVI. And be it forth "'"- ——

ment Books

pointe t by the _.

lions of the Peace assembled) who are hereby required to sign the same accordingly; and that an Emry thereof shall be made from time to time, by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Riding for the time being, in the Order Book of the same Sessions, anti signed by the same Justices of the Peace that shall from time to time sign the said Regiller Books, and Inrolment Books, to remain upon Record amongl! the Records of the said Sessions; that a like Entry shall be made upon Record, and signed as aforesaid, of the Number of the same Books, and how called or marked, and how many Pages each of them contains, that are at any Time, and from time to time tiled in the said Regiffer Office.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'I hat no Member of Parliament for the time be r.g, shall be capable o! being chose Regiffer, or of executing by himself, or any other Person or Persons, the said Office, or to have, take or receive any Fee or other Profit whatsoever issuing out of the said Office, or for or in respeb! thereof; nor hail any such Regiffer, cr his Deputy, or any Person or Persons receiving Profit out of such Office, be capable of being a Member to serve in Parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts in this Kingdom as a public Act, and ail Judges, Justices, and other Persons therein concerned, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Certificates of Mortgage discharged how to be regillred.

Judgement?, C registred in a Day? after fig. ing, good.

This Act not to extend to ca pvh old ellate s,

Deeds of Bargain and Sale of Estates of fee simple shall imply Covenants.

Every Leaf of the Remitter to be signed by 'I wo Justices,

and entered: Ey, _ the Clerk of the Peace.

The Register excluded from being a Member of Parliament.

[Public Act.]

e a?.

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

CAP. VII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Read from the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of lan eafer, leading over a certain Craggy Mountain called black/lone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealaud in the County of York. P R. Certain Tolls are granted from 1 June 1735, for 21 Years.

CAP. VIII.

7 Cn. 1. C 26. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Saint giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the County of Middlesex, and for paving that Part of the Road, called Oxford Street. P R. The former Act is farther continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session.

CAP. IX.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An /dlfor repairing the Highways through thejeveral Parifes of Saint Michael, Saint Albain, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the Commissioners authorised to put the said Act in Execution. PR. The former Act is continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session. Amended by 10 Geo. II C z4. and continued by 24 Geo. II C 10.

CAP. X

An Act for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York,

and for improving the said Harbour.

PR.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of her

1 annje/c. jg! late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for building and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York, reciting, that the ancient Town of Whitby, in the North Riding of the said County, Time out of Mind, had had Piers which were then much ruined and decayed,

for want of an Income for the Maintenance and Reparation thereof, to the great Prejudice of the Trade of the said Town and County, and of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in general;

and also reciting, that the Charge of rebuilding and keeping in repair the said Piers was greater than the said Town of Whitby of itself was able to bear; therefore, by the said Act, several Duties and Sums of Money were granted and laid upon all Ships and Vessels, and upon certain Goods and Mer chandizes, therein particularly mentioned, landed within the Haven or Piers of the said Port of tvioit 4 by, and shipped off from Whitby aforesaid; also a Duty of one Farthing per Chalder, on all Coals leaded at' newca/lle, Sunderland, Blithe, Seaton Sluice, Culler Coates (as therein is also mentioned) for the Term of nine Years, to commence from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

two, with such Provisions for the due accounting for, and applying of the said Duties, and several other Powers, Matters and Things relating thereto, and for keeping clear the said Harbour, in the said Act 7 Anne. 1. ' particularly mentioned and contained: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made and passed in

Private. the seventh Year of her said majesty's Reign, the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Matters and

Clauses contained therein, and all the Duties and Sums of Money thereby granted and made payable, were continued and made payable, and to be in full Force and Virtue until the first Day of May, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three: And whereas by an 7 Geo. 1. c. 16. 4 other Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, 'intituled, An Act for the better preferring end keeping in repair the Piers of the Town ami Port of Whitby, in the County of York; and for explaining and making more effectual the several Acts passed for lengthening and repairing the Piers of Bridlington alias Burlington in the said County, reciting amongst other filings, that by the said several Duties and Sums of Moneys already collected, and to be collected and received,

4 by virtue of the said several Acts of Parliament, the said Piers would probably be rebuilt, finil ned and conrpleated by the said first Day of May one thou anti seven hundred - and twenty-three: To the end that the same, and also the said Harbour, from after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said bft mentioned Act, should be preserved, kept and continued in good Repair, by the said raft in part receited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, all and every the said Duties and Sums of Money granted anti iniposed by the said Act of the first Year of her said late Majesty, and continued by the said Act of the seventh Year of her Reign, as aforesaid (five and except the said Duty of one Farthing per Chalder) were made perpetual, and enacted to be paid to the Trustees therein named, and their successors for ever, and several Powers, Clauses and Penalties are, by the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late Majesty, enacted anti provided touching the Collection, accounting for, and Application of the several Duties thereby perpetuated: And whereas

by and with the said several Duties anti Sums of Money collected and received by virtue of the said several Acts of Parliament, the said Piers have been rebuilt, iinished, and completed, and have been preserved, kept and continued in good Repair; but that nevertheless, for some Years past, the Entrance into the said Port of ithitby has been rendered very narrow and difficult, by reason of a Bank of Sand,

which is now, and for sometime past has been, gathering about the Head of the West Pier of the said Harbour of Whitby, and will in Time, if not prevented, entirely stop and chonk up the same; and in

as much

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 11, 12. 183

as much as the said Sand Bed, and the further Increase thereof, in the Judgement of understanding and experienced Persons, may and can only be remedied and prevented by lengthening and extend ing the said West Pier, and the Head thereof, about one hundred Yards further into the Sea, and by

no other Means: And whereas the said Duty of one Farthing per Chalder was not continued by the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late Majesty, but expired on the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and has ever since totally ceased, and the said Duties, foc continued and made perpetual by the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late Majesty, have been £ and are only and barely sufficient to keep the said Piers and Harbour in good Repair: " To the end therefore that the said Piers and Harbour may be improved, and made as secure for Colliers and coasting Vessels as may be, and for lengthening and extending the said West Pier, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, C "

"Duty of one Farthing per Chalder, granted by i Anna, continued from i 'june 173?, for 31 ' Years. The Trustees appointed by 7 Geo. I. to execute this Act. Trustees may appoint Persons to Sec farter 'c direct the Moorings of Ships in the said Harbour. Penalty on Masters of Vessels neglecting such 13 ct, corders."

CAP. XI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five. Treasury may iflite one million for the current Year, out of the Moneys arising by The Sinking Fund, before 25 March 1736. But the Surplus referred to the future Disposition of Parliament. Clause of Loan.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices. The Duties on Salt further continued for Years, after Expiration of the 7 Years granted by the last recited Act. EXP. Made perpetual 26 Geo. II C 3.

II. And whereas by a certain Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of the Reign of A Clause in the

her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for stat,

the better Payment of Debentures at the custom house, it is enacted, That from and after the four and c. 21. explained!, twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and two, no Rock Salt whatsoever shall be refined or made into White Salt in any Place or Places whatsoever within the Kingdom of England,

Dominion of jpralcs, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed (except such Places as are or shall be within ten Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits from wr.ence such Rock Salt shall be taken,

or at. such Places as upon or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and f two, shall have been u ed for the refining of Rock Salt) und.r the Pain of forty Shillings for every 1 Bushel of Rock Salt that shall be melted or refined in any House, Place or Places not by the said Act! allowed for that Purpose, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity: And whereas some 1 Doubts and Disputes have arken, or may hereafter arise, whether the Miles mentioned in the said:

1 Act, are to be computed according to the Statute Measure, or the common Estimation of the respectf five Places or Counties, in which the Pit or Pits, from whence such Rock Salt shall be trken, is,

1 are shall be situate and being now, for the clearing, obviating and removing all such Doubts and Disputes, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Miles therein mentioned shall be understood and taken, and are hereby declared to be according to the common Efthution of the respective Counties or Places, where such Pit or Pits is, are or shall happen to be, and not according to be Statute or any other Measure; thing in the said Act, or any other Act concerning the Duties, upon Salt, contained to the contrary thereol notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George j Geo. j. c. if the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and for better securing the Duties on Salt, it is ensiled. That the Curers of Fish be allowed to import foreign Salt for the curing of Fish for Exportation without paying any Duty to his Majesty (except the Customs payable upon the Importation thereof) such foreign Salt being landed and weighed in the Presence of an l' Officer for the Duties on Salt, and being lodged in a Warehouse under the Lock and Key of the said 1 Officer, as well as the Proprietor of such Salt; and such foreign Salt, so lodged in the joint Custody of 1 the Officer and Proprietor, is to be delivered over, at the Beginning of the several fishing, Seasons, into the sole Custody of such such Proprietor, or his Agents, upon his or their making Oath in Writing be —

1 fore such Officer in Manner and to the Effect therein directed, who at the End of every fishing Seaton are thereby required to make particular Accounts of the Quantities remaining in their Hands, to be.

immediately If eked up in the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, or his Agents as aforesaid, and to deliver in a particular Account in Writing, as soon as poffibk, after the End of every fifiling sea fort, to the Office for the Duties on Salt, of the Quantities of Fish exported, or entered and ship ped so be exported, on which such Salt hath, been used or confirmed, which Account is to be af

firmed by the Oath of such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Agent or Agents, uling die same:

And whereas in and by an Act made in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act S'gco. northeast.

1 for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the Curing of Red Herrings, and laying a proportionable duty upon all Red Herrings consumed ct home only 5 and for ascertaining the Cujhm and Excise payable for the.

Sugar

After 24 June t7?5, foreign Salt iftft to be delivered for curing Fish for Exportation, without security.

No Servants employed in the Salt Works in Scotland, to be paid their Wages in Salt, on Penalty of 201.

See farther 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 7

32.

[Preamble.]

After 24 June 1735, the Pro, petty of historical and other Prints vested in the Inventor for 24 Years.

proprietor's Name to be affixed to each Print.

Penalty on print sellers or others pirating the same.

C 13. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

Sugar Houses in Scotland; and for making an Allowance for Salt hf in any Harbouy or River of this Realm, and for the better securing the duti s on Salt delivered in Scotland, it is enacted, That such

Account of the said Quantities of foreign Salt employed for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, shall be made and delivered in within three Months after the Expiration of each Year, in Manner and under the Penalties therein directed: whereas great Frauds have been committed, to the Diminution of the Revenue, and to the Prejudice of the British Salt Works, by the Importation of foreign Salt for curing of Fish for Exportation, without Payment of the Duties, by Persons of no Fortune or Credit, who pretending to be Proprietors, have at the Beginning of every fishing Season such foreign Salt delivered over into their sole Custody, to be employed in the curing of Fish as aforesaid, but who sell and dispose of such foreign Salt for Inland Consumption, and to avoid being brought to any Account, abscond and withdraw themselves from the Law: To remedy therefore such Inconveniences, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lora one thousand seven hundred ard thirty live, no foreign Salt shall be delivered over from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor into the sole Custody of the Proprietor or his Agent, for curing Fish for Exportation, except he or they do give Security, to the Satisfaction of the chief Officer of the Salt Duty in the Port where such Salt shall be imported, that he or they shall and will account for the foreign Salt so by him or them to be received, in the Terms of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts made in the fifth and eighth Years of his said late majesty's Reign, or shall answer the several Penalties in the said Acts directed to be recovered from, the Proprietor offending agaitift the several Acts or either of them.

IV. And whereas the Custom which hath prevailed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of paying the Servants at Salt Works their wage's in Salt, hath been the Occasion of several Frauds and £ Embezilments; 'For preventing whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, it shall not be lawful for any Proprietor, or other Person taking Charge of any Salt Works within Scotland, to pay the Wages of any Servants employed by them in such Salt Works in Salt; and if after the; said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, any Proprietor or other Person taking Charge of any Salt Work in Scotland, shall presume to pay the Wages of any Servant or Servants employed by him or them in Salt, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Way, upon complaint made before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County within which such Salt Works do lie, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; provided 'such Penalties be sued for within three Months next after the Offence committed.

Clause of Loan for 500,000l. at 4l. percent. Treasury within 10 Days after zg Sept. 1746, to take "an Account of the Money raised, £37. Deficiencies to be supplied out of the next Aids to be granted "after 29 Sept. 1746, or Sinking Fund, and be replaced. Surplus reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. Clause of Relief concerning Apprentices.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving and Etching Historical

and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS diverse Persons have by their own Genius, Industry, Pains and Expense, invented and engraved, or worked in Mezzotinto' or Chiaro Ofcuro, Sets of Historical and other Prims,

in Hopes to have reaped the sole Benefit of their Labours: And whereas print sellers and other Persons have of late, without the Consent of the Inventors, Designers and Proprietors of such Prints, fie questly taken the Liberty of copying, engraving and publishing, or causing to be copied, engraved and published, base Copies of such Works, Designs and Prints, to the very great Prejudice and Detriment of the Inventors, Designers and Proprietors thereof; 'For Remedy thereof, and for preventing such Practises for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, every Person who shall invent and design, engrave, etch or woik in Mezzotint or Chiaro Ofcuro, or from his own Works and Invention shall cause to be designed and engraved, etched or worked in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, any Historical or other Print or Prints, shall have the sole Right and Liberty of printing and teprinting the same for the Term of fourteen Years, to commence from the Day of the first publishing thereof, which shall be truly engraved with the Name of the Proprietor on each Plate, and printed on every such Print or Prints; and that if any print seller or other Person whatsoever, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, within the Time limited by this Act, shall engrave, etch or work as aforesaid, orin any other Manner copy and fell, or cause to be engraved, etched, or copied and sold, in the Whole or in Part, by varying, adding to or diminishing from the main Design, or shall print, reprint or impoit for Sale, or cause to be printed, reprinted or imported for Sale, any such Print or Prints, or any Paris thereof, without tyre Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained in Writing, signed by him cr them respectively in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, or knowing the same to be so

printed

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 14. 185

printed or reprinted without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors, shall publish, sell or expose to Sale, or otherwise, or in any other Manner dispose of, or cause to be published, sold or exposed to Sale, or otherwise, or in any other Manner disposed of, any such Print or Prints, without such Consent first had and obtained as aforesaid, then such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit the Plate or Plates on which such Print or Prints are or shall be copied, and all and every Sheet or Sheets (being Part of, or whereon such Print or Prints are or shall be so copied or printed) to the Proprietor or Proproprietors of such original Print or Prints, who shall forthwith destroy and damask the same; and further, that every such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit five Shillings for every Print which shall be found in his, her or their 'Custody, either printed or published, and exposed to Sale, or otherwise disposed of, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; the one Moiety thereof to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

II. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall here Not to extend

after purchase any Plate or Plates for printing from the original Proprietors thereof, to print and reprint p^ from^htf from the said Plates, without incurring any of the Penalties in this Act mentioned. original Pro '

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com prietors. menced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever for doing or causing to be done anything Limitation of in pursuance or this Act, the same shall be brought within the Space of three Months after so doing; Actions. and the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and General Issue. give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action or Suit a Verdict shall be given for

tile Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover full Costs, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the same Remedy as any other Defendant or Defendants in any other Case hath or have by Law.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against this Act, the same shall be brought within the Space of three Months after the Discovery of every such Offence, and not afterwards; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas John Pine of London, Engraver, doth propose to engrave and publish a Set of Prints copied from several Pieces of Tapestry in the House of Lords, and his Majesty's Wardrobe, C and other Drawings relating to the spanish Invasion, in the Year of our Lord one thousand five hundred and eighty eight; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Pine clause relating shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in the same Manner to j. Pine.

as if the said John Pine had been the Inventor and Designer of the said Prints.

---

[Public Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for prolonging the Time for claiming the fortunate Tickets in the Charitable Corporation Lottery, and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

EXP.

---

[Preamble rede

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Application and Disposal of the Ref due of the Money raised by way tlrl37gc0, 1 ' of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief of such Sufferers in thee iif Charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, Mark 1 Frecker, Robert Miming, William Walmefey, Claudius de Sins, Henry Harris, Charles Fern, Francis Gajhry, Richard Graham, John Burr man, and Joseph Wight, ten of the Managers and Directors of the said Lottery, were authorised and appointed to exchange the fortunate Tickets for Certificates, and do all other Acts, Matters and Things, which in and by the said former act.were directed and appointed to be done, executed and performed by the said Managers and Directors, subsequent to the drawing of the said Lottery; and tyre Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets to be drawn in the said Lottery were required to apply to the said ten Managers so appointed as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fifth Day < of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, for Certificates in exchange for such fortunate Tickets as aforesaid: And whereas several of the fortunate Tickets of the said Lottery have not been claimed within the Time limited by the said Act, some of which may by Casualty or Mischance have been lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, which said Tickets remaining unclaimed amount in Value to the Sum of two thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds, &c.

C 15., 16

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

CAP. XV.

An act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, within the two Parishes of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of WEstminster.

PR.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night Time, within the two great and populous Pari lines of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, is of great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to prevent as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Robberies and other Outrages and Disorders: And whereas by the Laws now in being no effectual Provision is made for the establishing, ordering or well governing of such a Nightly Watch, or for levying and collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Money so

levied and collected for that Purpose: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Bedels employed within the said two Parishes want of a proper Regulation and Government of them,

have been of great Charge, and little Use to the same, and the Methods hitherto practised of raising Moneys for maintaining and paying the said Bedels, have been also precarious and unwarrantable; 'For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, C "

"Vestry of each Parish to meet on 2 June yearly, for appointing able-bodied Watchmen and Be "and to set down in Writing the several Regulations; and on legal Notice at other Times, for "supplying Vacancies, tsc. A Copy of the Regulations, signed by the Vestry Clerks, to be delivered "to every Constable. One Constable for each Parish to watch every Night by Turns. Rates IC not to exceed 4d. in the Pound. Payment of these Rates not to entitle any Person to a Settlement "in the Parish. Yearly Accounts of the Sums Total afiefled and collected, to be inspected without Fee. "The Inhabitants of Saint James Square discharged from these Rates, but the Trustees thereof may ap "Watchmen and Bede'ls, who shall have like Powers as those appointed by this Act. Persons pay "the Rates hereby appointed, discharged from the Statute of Winchester, £sfr.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the Amendment of the Law relating to actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry.

Preamble, rec

WHEREAS by the Laws now in being, the Proceedings upon a Statute made in the their j; Edw. 1. st.' teenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, commonly called The Statute of Hue C i f 2. 'and' and Cry, and another Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, 27 Eiiz. C 13. 'intituled, An Act for the following of Hue and Cry, are attended with many and great Inconveniences

'<: ?fir appre, to the subjects for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and bending high with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present par toaymen. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of After 24 June June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, no Person or Persons shall 373;, no Person have or maintain any Action against any Hundred, or take any Benefit by virtue of the said Statutes, or dred in case of" either of them, _ unless he, she or they, shall, over and besides the Notice already required by the last of Robbery, the above-mentioned Statutes to be given of any Robbery, with as convenient Speed as may be after any without first Robbery on him, her or them committed, give Notice thereof to one of the Constables of the hun giving Notice to dred, or to some Constable, Borsholder, Headborough or Tythingman of some Town, Parish, vil describbigftn: '* ge, Hamlet, ortything, near unto the Place wherein such Robbery shall happen, or shall leave No fclon, tice in Writing of such Robbery at the dwelling house of such Constable, Borsholder, Headborough

or Tythingman, describing in such Notice, to be given or left as aforesaid, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Case will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of the Robbery; and pnbiifiiing and also shall, within the Space of twenty Days next after the Robbery committed, cause public no lhandonga he ceto he giyen thereof in the London Gazette, therein likewise describing, so far as the Nature and cir zette, within cumstances of the case will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of such Robbery, to -- o Uays after gether with the Goods and Effects whereof he, she or they was or were robbed; and shall also, before the Robbery, any such Action be commenced, go before the chief Clerk or Secondary, or the Filazer of the County and giving Southeast wherein such Robbery shall happen, or the Clerk of the Pleas of that Court wherein such Action is to the High Attended to be brought, or their respective Deputies, or before the Sheriff of the County wherein the Constable, to Robbery shall happen, and enter into a Bond to the High Constable or High Constables of the Hundred pay costs , if in which such Robbery shall be committed, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with two sufficient' ' Sureties, to be approved of by such chief Clerk, Secondary, f'ilazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or their respective

Deputies, or the Sheriff of the said County, with Condition for securing to such High Constable or High Constables (who are hereby empowered and required to enter, or cause to be entered, an Appearance, and also to defend such Action, as herein after is mentioned) the due Payment of his or their Costs, after the same shall be taxed by the proper Officer, in case that he, she or they (the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action) shall happen to be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or in case

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 16. 187

that Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on Demurrer, or that a Verdict shall be given against him, her or them.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Bond, as above-mentioned. The sheriff t shall be entered into before the said Sheriff, such Sheriff shall immediately certify the same in Writing to certify such the chief Clerk or Secondary in the Court of King's Bench, or his or their Deputy, or to the Filazer of!ion '

that County wherein such Robbery shall be committed, or his Deputy, in case the Action be intended to

be brought in the Court of Common Pleas, or if in the Court of Exchequer, to the Clerk of the

Pleas, or his Deputy; which Certificate shall be delivered by the Party or Parties robbed, to tile said and tite Certifi

chief Clerk or Secondary, or his or their Deputy, or to such Filazer, or his Deputy, or to such Clerk of ^'djuve'°d w

the Pleas, or his Deputy, before any Process shall issue for the Commencement of such Suit as afore the cmcfajik,

said; and such chief Clerk, Secondary, Filazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or their respective Deputies, or before Pad

the said Sheriff, shall not take any greater Fee or Reward for making such Bond than five Shillings over !^sct>£^ed*

and above the Stamp Duties; nor shall any Sheriff lake any greater Tee or Reward for making, nor shall any such chief Clerk, Secondary, Filazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or their respective Deputies, take any

greater Fee or Reward for receiving and filing such Certificate than two Shillings and sixpence; and The end to

such chief Clerk, Secondary, Filazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or their respective Deputies, and Sheriff the High'

as aforesaid, are hereby required to deliver over gratis (upon reasonable Request made for that Purpose) Courtable. b

all and every such Bonds, to be by them respectively taken pursuant to this present Act, to the highc011

stable or High Constables to whose Use the same shall be taken as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hundred, or Franchise therein, diargeamcn°if

shall be chargeable by virtue of the above-mentioned or any other Statute, if one or more of the Felons, on'e of these by whom such Robbery shall be committed, be apprehended within the Space of forty Days next after Ions be appre such public Notice given in the London Gazette as aforesaid. da^after no

IV. Be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Process for Appearance in any Action ticeinthega to be brought upon the said Statutes, or either of them, against any Hundred, shall be served on any zette. Inhabitant thereof, save only upon the High Constable or High Constables of the Hundred wherein High Constable the Robbery shall happen, who is and are hereby required to cause public Notice thereof to be given in "t: jlt°hgeprved one of the principal Market Towns within such Hundred on the next Market Day after he or they shall ^'fs, 1 'c '°- be served with such Process, or if there shall happen to be no Market Town within such Hundred, then who is to give in some Parish Church within the same Hundred immediately after Divine Sendee, on the Sunday next after p^tfeof on?tht his or their being served with such Process, and he or they is and are also hereby empowered and required next Market to enter, or cause to be entered, an Appearance in the said Action, and also defend the same for and Day,

on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, as he or they shall be advised; in case the Plain ^vurch'6 Panfll tiff or Plaintiffs in such Action shall recover and obtain Judgement therein, that then no Process of Execu and shall enter tion shall be served on any particular Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Hundred, or any Franchise Appearance; within the Precinct thereof, nor on the said High Constable or High Constables; but the Sheriff or his Officer shall, upon the Receipt of any Writ or Writs of Execution to him directed in pursuance of the the sheriff to said Judgement (instead of serving the said Writ or Writs on any Inhabitant or Inhabitants) cause the ff>ew the Writ same to be produced and shewn gratis unto two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Divi ^tustices fion (whereof one to be of the Quorum) and residing within the said Hundred, or near unto the same, J who shall thereupon with all convenient Speed cause such Taxation and Assessment to be made, and to v.ho are to t. IX be levied and collected in such Manner as is prescribed in and by the aforesaid Statute made in the and levy the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in which Taxation and Assessment there shall Charge be provided for and included, over and above what the Costs and Damages recovered by the Plaintiff Geo. 2. c. 46, or Plaintiffs in such Action shall amount to, all such just and necessary Expenses which any High Con eft 34. liable or High Constables of any Hundred hath or have been, or shall be at, in having defended any such Action as aforesaid, Claim being made thereto by such High Constable or High Constables before the said Justices, upon due Notice Being given to him or them by the said Justices for that Purpose; the The Money to Sums of Money so to be levied and collected, shall be paid over and delivered (by such such Officer or Ie Pa Officers, as by the said Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth lession/to thy are to levy and coliedl the same) within ten Days after such Collection, to the Sheriff of the County sheriff; for the wherein the Robbery shall happen, to the Use and Behoof of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, &chepla'm' for so much as the Costs and Damages by him, her or them recovered shall amount to, and to the Use'c' and Behoof of the said High Constable or High Constables, for so much as his or their Expellees in defending the said Action shall amount to, of which the said High Constable or High Constables shall give m an Account, and make due Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the ft.id Justices, before any Taxation and Assessment shall be made for the reimbursing such High Constable or High Constables (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to administer) and shall in such Expenses have no further Allowance toward paying an Attorney to defend the said Action, than what such attorney's Bill shall be taxed at by the proper Officer of that Court where such Action shall be brought, which the said High Constable or High Constables shall cause to be taxed for that Purpose.

V. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum or Sums of Money which shall themoneyt* be paid over and delivered to the Sheriff' of the County, as is herein before mentioned, shall (upon rea be paid without sonable Request made) be by him paid and delivered over to the several Parties who shall be infilled to - receive the same, without any Deduction, See or Reward whatsoever.

VI. And that sufficient Time may not be wanting for such Taxation and Assessment to be duly made, and for the Money to be levied and collected thereupon, after such Writ or Writs of Execution shall be shewn to such Justices, and before the Sheriff' shall be obliged to make a Retui n thereof; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff shall be called upon or required to make any Return to any

j 88 C 16. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

sheriff not

such Writ or Writs of Execution, as shall issue or be made out upon any Judgement, which shall be remake a Return covered in an Action brought against any hundred, by virtue of the above-mentioned Statutes, or either to the Writ, till of them, until after the Expiration of sixty Days next after the Day whereupon such Writ or Writs shall 60 Days after be delivered to the said Sheriff, who is hereby required to endorse, on the Back thereof, the Day on which Delivery. ]ie received the same.

howthehigh '

VII. And whereas it is reasonable that the said High Constable or High Constables should be indem hereimbursed nffie4 as to all Charges which he or they should necessarily expend in defending any Suit in pursuance in the Plaintiff of this present Act, and that Provision should be made for reimbursing him or them, not only all such he nonsuited, ' Expenses as shall be over and above the taxed Costs to be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in case of a ' Nonsuit, or Discontinuance, or Judgement or Demurrer against him, her or them, or Verdict for the Defendants, as aforesaid, but even such taxed Cods also, in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and his, ' her or their Sureties, who shall be bound for the Payment thereof, shall happen to become insolvent" " it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action to be brought against any Hundred upon the Statutes above-mentioned, or either of them, shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or shall have a Judgement or Demurrer given, or a Verdict pass against him, her or them, it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace (such as are herein before mentioned) upon Complaint to them made for that Purpose, and upon an Account given in by such High Constable or High Constables, and Proof made upon Oath to the satis faction of the said Justices of such Expenses necessarily laid out as aforesaid (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) to make and cause such Taxation and assessment to be made, and to be levied and collected in such Manner, as is directed in and by the above-mentioned Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, as aforesaid. order thereby to reimburse such High Constable or High Constables all such Charges as he or they shall have necessarily expended in defending such Action, wherein such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall have been nenfuited, or shall have discontinued his, her or their Action, or against whom Judgement shall have been given upon Demurrer, or a Verdict shall have been given, over and above the Costs in those Cases to be taxed as aforesaid; in case it shall be made appear upon Oath to the said Justices of Peace (which Oath the said Justices are hereby also empowered and required to administer) to their sa tisfaction, that such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and also his or their Sureties, is and are insolvent, so that the said High Constable or High Constables can have no Relief, as to such taxed Costs by them expended in such Defence as aforesaid (save only by the Power herein after given to the said Justices) it shall and may be lawful to and for such two Justices of the Peace to make and cause a Taxation and Assessment to be made, and to be levied and collected, in the same Manner as is directed in and by the aforesaid statute made in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in order thereby to reimburse such High Constable or High Constables such taxed Costs, as, by reason of such Insolvency, he or they shall not be able to recover and receive of and from the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Action, or his or their Sureties, as aforesaid.

so°rcfmburfnie

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sum or Sums of Moth! Hu, h Con 5 ney, which shall be rated, and assessed and levied, and collected, as aforesaid, for the Reimbursement of liable to be paid the Expenses necessarily sustained by any High Constable or High Constables, in Defence of any Action within Days, brought against the Hundred, upon the Statutes above-mentioned, or either of them, in case of any Judgement given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, shall be paid, within ten Days after such Collection, unto the said Justices, or one of them, to the Use and Behoof of such High Constable or High Constables, to whom the said Justices shall upon Request pay and deliver over the same.

IX. And to the Intent that Hue and Cry may be made with more Diligence and Effect, and other Persons encouraged to take.such Felon or Felons; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Reward That any Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Felon or Felons, within the Time herein before for apprehend limited for that Purpose, whereby the Hundred hath been actually indemnified or discharged from any a'sro Indemnf Action, as aforesaid, shall upon due Proof thereof upon Oath made before such two Justices as i the Hundred, aforesaid (which Oath the said Justices are hereby also empowered and required to administer) be entitled to the Reward of ten Pounds (which Sum shall be raised upon the Hundred by a Taxation and af feffment, to be made, and to be levied and collected in the same Manner as the other Sums of Money by this present Act appointed to be raised upon the Hundred are directed to be assessed, levied and collected) and such Sum of ten Pounds, which shall be so rated, assessed, levied and collected, as aforesaid, shall be paid unto two such Justices of the Peace, within ten Days next after the same shall be so levied and collected, to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall be thereunto entitled, as a Reward for having so apprehended such Felon or Felons as aforesaid; and such Justices shall, upon reasonable Request made for that Purpose, pay over and deliver the said Sum to such Person or Persons accordingly, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Justices shall think reasonable: always. That such Person or Persons, so entitled to such Reward, shall not be thereby rendered incapable to be a Witness in any such Action.

How the AC X And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace by whom such be madere° Taxations and Assessments, as aforesaid, shall, in pursuance of the said Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and also of this present Act, be made, shall limit and appoint at their Discretion some certain reasonable Time within which fuclytaxations and Assess fenalty on Col ments shall be levied and collected, which Time shall not exceed thirty Days; and also that if any such 'ing their Duty." Officer or Officers, who are to levy and collect out the same within such Time as shall be limited and appointed by the said Justices of the Peace for their doing thereof, or shall refuse or neglect to pay and deliver over the Sums of Money, so levied and collected, to the said Sheriff, and also to the said

Justices,

Justices, in such Manner as the same in the several Cases herein before mentioned are respectively directed to be paid, within the respective Times herein before limited for such Payment thereof; every such Officer mail, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit double the Sum appointed to be by him levied and collected as aforesaid

And whereas by the above-mentioned Statutes it is enacted, That fresh Suit and Hue and Cry

shall be made and pursued, and in what Manner the same shall be, yet no particular Person or Persons is thereby expressly required to make and cause such Hue and Cry and Pursuit to be made, whence it hath often happened, that the same hath been so much neglected and delayed, that Felons have had Time to make their Escape, and the Intention of the said Statutes hath been thereby in great Measure frustrated; 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Constable, Borsholder, head borough or Tythingman, to whom Notice shall be given, or at whose dwelling house Notice of any Robbery shall be left, as aforesaid, and that every Constable of the Hundred, and every Constable,

Borsholder, Headborough, or Tythingman, of any Town, Parish, Village, Hamlet or Tything, within the Hundred or the Franchises within the Precinct thereof, wherein such Robbery shall happen, as loon as the same shall come to his Knowledge, either by Notice from the Party or Parties robbed, or from any other Person or Persons to whom Notice shall be given thereof pursuant to this present or any other Statute, shall with the utmost Expedition make and cause to be made fresh Suit and Hue and Cry after the Felon or Felons by whom such Robbery shall be committed; and if any Constable, Borsholder,

Headborough or Tythingman, shall offend in the Premises, by refusing or neglecting to make, or cause to be made, such fresh Suit and Hue and Cry as aforesaid, every such Offender shall for every such re fufal or Neglect forfeit five Pounds.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Forfeiture hereby incurred shall be recovered with Full Costs of Suit, and shall be and inure, as to one Moiety thereof, to the Use of the King's most Excellent Majesty, and as to the other Moiety thereof, to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same within six Months next after such Forfeiture shall be incurred, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoiu, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Addon, Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this or either of the herein before recited statutes, That in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants in

[General Issue.]

such Addon, Suit or Information, may plead the General issue, and give this and the aforesaid Statutes,

or either of them, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the

Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue or forbear his or her Addon or Prosecution,

or if a Verdict shall pass rgainst the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, or Judgementshall be given against him or her, upon Demurrer or otherwise, the Defendant or Defendants may and shall recover

Full Costs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as Defendants have by Law in other Full Costs.

Cases of Costs.

XIV. Provided always, That no such Addon, Suit or Information shall be brought or exhibited, but Limitation of within the Space of six Months next after the Matter or Thing done, for which the same shall be com aaicnsi menced, or exhibited, as aforesaid.

XV. And whereas by the Laws now in being, the Person or Persons robbed may be admitted, in

any Addon to be brought against the Hundred, as a Witness, to prove the Robbery, and the Money,

Goods or Effects, whereof he, she or they was or were robbed, and yet no Person inhabiting within the said Hundred can be admitted as a Witness for or on Behalf of the said Hundred, by Reason of the Interest he or she may have in the Consequences of the said Addon, which is commonly very in'

' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Addon already brought Anf ip1'a^'vt?_ns or to be brought against any Hundred, on either of the aforesaid Statutes, any Person inhabiting with dmee for tyre" in the said Hundred or any Franchise thereof, shall be admitted as a Witness for or on Behalf of the Hundred, said Hundred, in the same Manner as if he or (lie were not an Inhabitant thereof, but resided in any other Amtnitiby Hundred whatsoever. 22 Geo. 2. c. 24.

and 22 Geo. 2.

CAP. XVII.

4<5,

An Act to indemnify Perfom who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue some Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and Preamble, beneficial)'are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in The sal^, loth tituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to con^in Force for seven Years, from the one and twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and $ thirteen.

Method of pursuing Hue and Cr;

51. Penalty on Refusal or ner fest.

Penalties how to be levied.

190 C 19.

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

Silk tures,

S Geo. 1. C

2 fmarch6? 4? thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an act 27 Geo. 2. Hzi} made in the fifth Year of his late majesty's Reign, continued for seven Years longer, and from thence to And farther con the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in tly: tenth Year of ztcfyj 33g'°' le Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, fn there And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses contained in an Act

encouraging the made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the Encouragement of the

'"'k Manufac Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for re i ducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of 1s' all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom; and that the two Corporations of af furance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit, relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which were to continue in force for three Years, from the five and twentieth Day of Mars one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his late majesty's Reign continued from the Expiration thereof for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, are further continued from the Expiration thereof till the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, the two last Clauses in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (For continuing of some Laws and reviving others therein mentioned) for more effectual preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with Stuffs to be exported, which said Clauses are by an Act made in the second Year of tyre Reign of his present Majesty to continue in force to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and are hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Continued till 2; Mar. 1742.

Farther continued by 26 Geo. 2. c. 32, '

The two last Clauses in an Act 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. relating to Frauds in Silk and Stuffs,

continued till

25 Mar. 1742.

26 Geo. 2. 0.32.

CAP. XIX.

Preamble reciting 3 Geo. 2. c. 28.

The Rice Act 3 Geo. 2. continued to 29 Sept, 1742.

Farther continued by 27 Geo. 2. c. 18.' And by 33 Geo. 2. c. 16. Recital of Part of the Patent for establishing the Colony of Georgia.

The. Pud at extended to Georgia.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in America.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, ' y, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America, ' directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to be in Force for five Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and has been found useful and beneficial, and therefore fit to be continued Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas since the passing the said Act his Majesty by his Letters Patent bearing Date the ninth Day of June in the fifth Year of his Reign, did, amongst other Things, moult graciously give and grant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, and their Successors, seven un divided Parts (the whole into eight equal Parts to be divided) of all those Lands, Countries, and Ter ritories, situate, lying and being in that Part of South Carolina in America which lies from the moult Northern Stream of a River there commonly called The Savannah, all along the Sea coast to the South ward unto the most Southern Stream of a certain other great Water or River called The Alatamaha, and Westward from the Heads of the said Rivers respectively in direct Lines to the Scuth sea, and all that Space, Circuit, and Precinct of Land lying within the said Boundaries, with the Islands in the Sea ly ing opposite to the Eastern Coasts of the said Lands within twenty Leagues of the same: And whereas Iris Majesty, by his said Letters Patent, did make, erect and create the said Lands, Countries and Ter ritories into one Independent Province, by the Name of Georgia: And whereas Doubts may arise whe tlrer since the Separation of the said Province of Georgia from the said Province of South Carolina as aforesaid. Rice may be exported from the said Province of Georgia to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre in the same Manner as from the said Province of Carolina: 'P'or preventing thereof, and for Encouragement of the said Province of Georgia, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

Anno octavo Georgii II.

C 20. jg 1

from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, that shall clear outwards in any Port of Great Britain for the Province of Georgia in America, to ftiip or load Rice in the said Province, and to carry the same directly to any Port Southward of Cape Finifierrc, without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Britain, under the like Entries, Securities, restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Dufies, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are particularly described, appointed, limited, or enacted for that Purpose, in and by the said Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part Europe, Southward cf Cape fini fterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers which shall be for that Purpose appointed by the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, shall and may and are hereby authorised and empowered to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things in the Province of Georgia aforesaid, which shall and may be done by virtue of the said Act by any of the Officers belonging to any of the Ports in the Province of Carolina.

Plantations see farther, 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 £? 33. 24 G. 2. C 51 ©" 33. 49 Geo. 2. c. 5 f 33.

The Powers of the Ofncers to be appointed by the said True flees, jg Geo. 2. c. 23.*Continued by 26 Geo. 2. C Concerning 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XX.

An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Act of Parliament for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, For Preamble, re punishing fuel: Persons as Should wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing c^r ^'a^geo Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; and £* i9 1 eo'

C in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, another Act passed to explain, amend and render more 5 Geo. '2. C 33. ' effectual the said Act: And whereas the Provisions made by the said Acts for punishing such Of ' fenders, have by Experience been found to be insufficientnow for rendering the said Acts more effectual, be > it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the fifteenth Day of May in the After 15may, Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, shall, either by Day or Night, wilfully mliidouflvde or maliciously pull down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise destroy any Turnpike gate or nroyingtum turnpike gates, or any Poll or Polls, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or any Chain, Bar, or other Fence p'kes> cor Fences belonging to any such Turnpike gate or Turnpike gates, or any other Chain, Bar, or Fence of any Kind whatsoever, setup or erected, or hereafter to be setup or erected, to prevent Passengers from passing by without paying any Toll, laid and directed to be paid by any Act or Acts of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for that Purpose, or any House or Houses erected or to be erected for the Use of any such Turnpike gate or Turnpike gates, or any other Fence or Fences, or any Lock, Locks or Sluice, flood gate, or other Works on any navigable River erected or to be eeredted by Authority of t^pariiamcr^ Parliament; or forcibly refeue any Person or Persons being lawfully in Custody of any Officer or other or reicuing Person for any of the Offences before mentioned; that then and in any of the said Cases, every Person Persons in so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. to suffer Death.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons after the said fifteenth Day of May shall a month's wilfully and maliciously draw or pluck up any flood gate or floodgates, fixed or made in any Wear or Imprisonment Wears, Lock or Locks, erected or made, or hereafter to be erected or made, by Authority of parlia meat, in or upon any navigable River for preserving the Navigation thereof; all and every such Person floodgates, cor Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before two or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or of the adjacent County, Riding or Division, shall be sent to the House of Correction, there to continue and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month.

III. And for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment which shall be found, commenced and prosecuted, for the Offences committed against this Act, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Offence aforesaid that shall be done or committed contrary to this Act, shall and offences may may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any adjacent County within that Part of adja em coun the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the Fact had been ty. therein committed.

IV. Provided that no Attainder for any of the Offences made Felony by virtue of this Act shall Attainder on make or work Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Forfeiture of Lands or Tenements, Goods or worifcomip battles. tion of Blood,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any C

Time after the said fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, commit any of the Offences declared to be Felony by this Act, and being out of Prison, shall discover

iqz C 20.

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

guilty of the said Felonies shall be pardoned.

The Hundred to answer the Damages.

Pafon disco cover and apprehend, or cause to be discovered and apprehended, one or more Person or Persons who vifting others" commit any such Offence or Offences declared to be Felony as aforesaid, so as he, she or they Hi all - be thereof lawfully convicted, every such Person or Persons on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders

lb to be apprehended, shall have, and is hereby entitled to his Majesty's most gracious Pardon for the Felonies aforesaid, which he., she or they shall have committed, at any time or times before such Discovery made, which Pardon shall be Likewise a good Bar to any Appeal brought or to be brought for any such Felony.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifteenth Day of May, the Inhabitants of every Hundred in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, within which such Offence or Offences shall be committed, by pulling down and destroying any Turnpike gate or Gates, or any Post or Ports, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls belonging to any Turnpike gate or Gates, or any Chain, Bar or Fence, or any House or Houses setup or erected, or to be setup or erected, for the Use or Service of collecting the Tolls, at any Place appointed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, acting under any Act or Acts of Parliament enabling them to act as Commissioners for amending any Road or Roads, Highway or Highways, or any Lock, Sluice pr flood gate, or any Works erected or to be erected by Authority of Parliament, upon any navigable River, for preserving or securing the Navigation thereof, shall make full Satisfaction for the Damages that shall be How to be re thereby suffered; that the said Damages shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, covered, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster., by and in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace of the County for the time being, wherein such Offence or Offences shall be and applied. committed, without naming the Christian Name or Surname of the Clerk of the Peace; and the said Damages so to be recovered, shall be to the only Use and Behoof of the Trustees, Commissioners, Proprietors or Undertakers of any Turnpike or navigable River, to be by them applied and disposed of to the several Uses and Purposes and in such Manner, as the several Tolls, Rates and Duties, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be applied and disposed of, the Bum to be recovered against the Inhabitants of such Hundred as shall by this Act be made liable to The said Da answer all or Part thereof, not exceeding, for any Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and all and every exceed"^b°for Inhabitants of such Hundred shall be rateably and proportionably taxed for and towards an equal

©flc offence^rmtnvintmn Pai* flto T? oil of at fi iaii tnlnlitont or Tr\ Vc olito ntc a 001 »-< IT t a om IT vamift ai Pa fnoli I

The inhabitants to be rateably taxed, as in Hue and Cry, by 27 filiz. C 13.

On Conviction

offenderstn^z an lawfully convicted of such Offence within twelve Months next after such Offence shall be commissionths, the ted, any Hundred or Inhabitants thereof, subject or liable to make any Satisfaction for the Damages that

Hundred or 11" -

Inhabitants to be repaid out of the Tolls.

Contribution for the Relief of such Inhabitant or Inhabitants against whom Execution for such Damages shall be had and levied, which Tax shall be levied and raised by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form as is prescribed and mentioned for the levying and raising Damages recovered against Inhabitants of Hundreds in cases of Robberies, in and by an Act, intituled, An Act for the following Hue and Cry, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, and any one or more of the said Offenders shall be apprehended

Actions commenced by a Clerk of the Peace, not to be discontinued sn his Death.

shall be sustained by any of the Offences aforesaid, and who shall have made such Satisfaction, shall, upon such Conviction of any one or more of the said Offenders within the Time aforesaid, be repaid the Sums they have paid for such Satisfaction out of the Tolls of the Turnpike which shall so be pulled down; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of the Peace of or ip any County within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall at any Time hereafter commence or prefer any such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, and shall, after the same so sued, commenced or preferred, happen to die or be removed out of his Office before Recovery and Execution had, that no such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, sued, commenced or preferred, shall by such displacing or Death be abated or discontinued; but it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the Peace next succeeding in the said County, to prosecute, pursue and follow all and every such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, so depending for such Damages as shall be sustained by any such or Offences as aforesaid, in such Manner and Form to all Intents and Purposes as the Clerk of the Peace might have done, who first preferred the said Action, Bill, Plaint or Information.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be had, sued or prosecuted, to recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, unless Information upon Oath shall be made thereof within Six Days before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or di vision where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, inhabiting within the said Hundred, or near the same.

X Provided also, That no Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be had, sued or pro b^montiis after fecuted, to recover any Damages to be sustained by Reason of any Offence or Offences to be com the Offence. mitted contrary to this Act, against any Inhabitant of any Hundred where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, except such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after such Offence shall be committed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall assault

any Collector or Collectors of the Toll, or threaten him or them in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or shall forcibly pals through any Turnpike gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Chain or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, setup or to be setup by Authority of Parliament, without pay

through Turning the Toll appointed to be paid at such Gate or other Fence; or if any Person or Persons shall

i ikes, C forcibly carry away or detain any Collector or Collectors of the Toll, so as he, she or they shall not

be able to return to their Duty for the Space of three Days; that then and in any of the said Cases,

the

No Action for. recovering Damages, unless Information made within 6 Days,

and the Suit commenced in

5). Penalty on faulting or threatening Collectors of

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II.

C 20. 1(73

the Party or Parties so offending, upon Conviction by Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, before two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, inhabiting near the said Division or Place (who are hereby im powered to summon the Party or Parties so offending, and to hear and determine such Offences) shall Forfeiture how forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety d, (lribu, e' to the Constable of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, in Trust for and to the only Use and Behoof of the Trustees, Commissioners, Proprietors or Undertakers of any Turnpike or navigable River, to be by them applied and disposed of for the several Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as the several Tolls, Rates and Duties, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be directed to be applied and disposed of, after allowing the reout to such Constable, such Satisfaction for his Trouble, as the said Trustees, Commissioners or Undertakers, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; to be levied by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals ofdiftreft on the said Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Nonpayment. Chattles of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; and for want of sufficient G Monti's im distress, then the Party or Parties so offending shall by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such two prisonmort on Justices, or more of them, be sent to the common Gaol of the County where such Offence shall bewant0 11 R committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months, unless he, she or they shall be sooner discharged by the Order of the Justices at the Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County where such Offence shall be committed; and if such Party or Parties shall offend ioi. Penalty a second or third Time, upon Conviction thereof in Manner aforesaid, he or they so offending shall third Offence forfeit and pay the Sum or ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress in Manner aforesaid; for want of sufficient Distress shall for every such Offence, after the first, be sent by two or more Justices of the.

Peace of the County where such Offence shall be committed, to the common Gaol of the County, by, such Warrant or Warrants as last before mentioned, for one whole Year without Bail or Mainprize; A year's im and shall also, before he, she or they shall be discharged out of Custody, give Security at the General v.^a^ofdiurefs. Quarter sessions of the County for his, her or their Behaviour for seven Years.

Xftl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Collectors of such Collector or Collectors of the Toll, to seize and detain any Person or Persons guilty of the Of Persons guilty fences before mentioned, and such Person or Persons to carry before one or more Justice or Justices of of the said the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, without any Warrant or Offences, and other Authority for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and au faa justice, 6* thorized to oblige such Person or Persons so offending, to give Security for his, her, or their appearing who may bind at the next petty Sessions to be held for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall tj'e, T vcr, to be committed, and for want of sufficient Security to commit the Person or Persons so offending to thethe e 10n5' c' common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, she or they shall give such Security.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or Constables, si Penalty on who are hereby required to execute all Warrants by this or any former Act appointed to be issued con gcutetwat" cerning Turnpikes, shall refuse to execute any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of a rant, sufficient Number of Commissioners or Trustees authorised by any Act of Parliament for any Turnpike or Turnpikes, to levy any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Person or Persons for any Default, for which such Person or Persons are, to forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of imoney whatsoever, or shall refuse to execute any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands of any two or more Justices of the pea.e, for apprehending any Person or Persons that shall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, of if any other Person or Persons shall refuse to assist such Constable or Constables in apprehending such Offender or Offenders; then such Constable or Constables so refusing to execute such Warrant, or other Person or Persons so refusing to assist him, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds so the Clerk of the Commissioners, Trustees, Proprietors, or Undertakers of any Turnpike or navigable River, to be by ij0'y°she dlf' them applied and disposed of for the several Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner as the several Tolls, p0 C ot'

Rates and Duties; by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, are or shall be directed to be applied and disposed of, to be levied by Distress by Warrant or Warrants under the - Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace of the County where such Constable or Constables, or any other Person or Persons so refusing, shall inhabit, to be directed to the high Constable of the Hundred where he or they shall inhabit, to be by him levied in the same Manner as is before directed in case any Person shall assault the Collector of the Toll, or forcibly pass through any Gate or other Fence without [raving the Toll.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties that fw'au<p by virtue of this Act shall be received by any Constable or Constables, Clerk or Clerks to any of they' om p" ' Trustees, Commissioners, Proprietors, or Undertakers of any Turnpike or navigable River, to the Use,

or in Trust for such Commissioners, Trustees, Proprietors or Undertakers for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after the Receipt or Receipts of such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, Penalty or Penalties, be by such Constable or Constables, Clerk or Clerks, paid over to any Person or Persons, to whom the said commissioners, Trustees, Proprietors or Undertakers, or any five or more of them, by any Order under their respective Hands, shall direct the same to be paid; and in case such Constable or Constables,

Clerk or Clerks, shall refuse to account for, or pay over the same, that then it shall and maybe lawful a 'fuiing to'ac^" for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town or Division, upon the Oath or Oaths count lor of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses made before them, of any such Refusal, to commit the feiwrrs,

Party or Parties so refusing to account or pay over the Sum or Sums of Money by him or them received

C 21.

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

Appeal to the quarter sessions.

No Certiorari for removing Orders to another Court.

Determinations made at Quarter sessions, concerning Complaints, to be final.

Limitation of Actions,

[General issue.]

Treble Cells.

This and the 2 be fore mentioned Atts to continue in Force for < Years.

Made perpetual by 27 Geo. 2. c. 16.*

Concerning Highways, see farther <2?30. 28 Geo.

for any such Forfeiture or Penalty, to the common Gaol of the County, where such Constable or constables, Clerk or Clerks, shall live, until he or they shall pay and satisfy the same.

XV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person aggrieved by any Order or Orders to be made by any two or more Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Sessions to be held for the County, City, Division, Pariflt or Place vffiere such Orders shall be made, giving reasonable Notice of such Appeal, the Reasonableness of which Notice shall be determined by the Justices of the Peaee at. the Quarter sessions to which the Appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them that reasonable Time of Notice was not given, then they shall adjourn the said Appeal to the next Quarter sessions, and then and there finally hear and determine the same; and the Justices, who in the General Quarter sessions shall hear the Matter, shall have Power to award reasonable Cods to either Party, as to them shall seem just, and such Determination shall conclude and bind all Parties concerned.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That no Certiorari shall be granted by any Court whatsoever, for removing any Order or Orders, or other Proceedings of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, concerning all or any of the Matters in this at contained, out of the proper County, City, Division or Place into any other Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Complaint of Abuse, or Excels of Power in the Commissioners and Trustees appointed to put any./vet of Parliament made for the Repair of any Highway or Highways in Execution, by erecting or setting up, or causing to be erected or setup, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Rails, Posts, Chain or Chains, or any other Fence, hath been already made, and heard by the Justices of the Peace of the County, where such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, were, or shall be erected or continued, in the General Quarter sessions assembled, that such Hearing of the said Justices shall be final, and their Determination therein, either in Favour of the Complainant, or of the said Commissioners and Trustees, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, fully confirmed and established.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Suits shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Aid, that in every such Case the Acdion shall be laid in such County where the Cause of Action did arise, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Addons to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be bad thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Actions shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upoa Demurrer Judgement shall "be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath and have in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and also the said two several Acts made in the first and fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and every Article, Clause, and Sentence therein (not altered by this present Act) shall be and continue in full. Force and Effect, and be executed for the Space of five Years, to commence from the said fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for the Purposes in the said several Acts mentioned, as fully as if the same was herein again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

g Geo. 2. C 18. 14 2. C 42. 15g10.2. C 16 Geo. 1. C j. i8 Geo. a. C 33. 2igei.±. tas. 24 go. 2. r. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28

2. C 17. 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. y Geo. 2. c. 34.

[Preamble,

The Seamens Act 2 Geo. 2.

36. continued till 25 March

farther continued by Geo. 2. C z6.'

The Pilots Act 3 Geo. 1. c. 13.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of i'hanet, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, and to prevent the clan destine running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations aa enumerated Commodity.

tirhereas the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, which was to be in Force for five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring, shall be, and the lame is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Aid made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the combining of Ships

and

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 22, 23. 195

and Pejfelsfpom Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, which was to continue l'ryfo rce for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next seftton of Parliament; and a Clause for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, in an actan^ 3 claulqn passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, which was to be in Force during the Conti 4^ relating' nuance of the said Act of the third Year of his said late Majesty, 's Reign (which said Act of the third Year thereto, of his said late Majesty, together with the said Clause, was, by an Act made in the tenth Year of the cone lin Reign of his said late Majesty, further continued for the further Term of eleven Years, and from thence H'arther conii to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) shall be, and are hereby further continued until thenued by 23*100. twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of C t' the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And whereas several Clauses in an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Severs! chutesintituled, An Act against clandestine running of umuftomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing

Frauds relating to the Cuflams, relating to fiicii Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as shall be relating to o C taken in at Sea out of any Ship or vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, Veiled or reign Mer

*; and also relating to Goods not reported and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further 'jlercimdnccu Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prehibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and So nil osept.

reign Goods thipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the \-jf 4 Package of Goods on Board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of thed Ge II

Burden of fifty Tonnes or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be ex 2, C i

ported; and also relating to Rum imported in Caiks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the ulr.d again ly leaf!; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which said33 e'z'

several Clauses were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; which said several Clauses last mentioned were, by another Act passed in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, continued from the Expiration of the several and respediiv£ Terms there

mentioned for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned Clauses shall be further continued from and after the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the Act % his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger offffseventin' Infection therein), and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarentine; and to subject Copper Ore of the Production cun^wme run of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Productions are subject; ning of Goods, which was to be in Force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of 'March one thousand seven hun about

dred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which Act Quarentine, (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarentine) was by an Act made in the ele continued till venth Year of his late majesty's Reign, further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the Space of fatfhe/conti three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another nued byz7geo" Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarentine) was by an Act made in the CI §5' second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 16

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the33'*"

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be (except so much of the same Act as relates to Ships or Vessels performing Quarentine) and the same is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to enable William Mackenzie late Earl of Seafort to sue or maintain any action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder, and to remove any Disability ill him by reason of his said Attainder, 'to take or inherit any real or personal Ellate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

PR.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five. EXP. 2 s, in the Pound.

The County of Devon and adiing Commissioners exonerated from paying the Arrear to the Land Tax in 1731, occasioned by the Fire at Tiverton.'

CXLII "PROVIDED always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Mo Application ox X nies coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of the monq. this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and lemon. tlu* Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt^Malt, Mum. Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one.

196 C 23.

Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

Sinking Fund.

s lt Act.

1, 758.9i4>- gs. 7 d. for Naval Services.

10,0001, for Greenwich hospital.

104,453l. 5 s, 3d. for the Office of Ordnance.

1,159,621l. 1 s. 1 d. Farthing for the Land Forces.

794,529l. 4s. 7d. Halfpenny for the Forces in Great Britain.

215,710l. 6s. jd. Halfpenny for the Plantations, &c.

rsjseol.9s.

d. for out pensioners of Chelsea hospital.

10, 2731. 1 s. 7d. Farthing, for

extraordinary

Services not provided for by Parliament.

io>193'- 5* j i d. for defraying the Expense in augmenting Ihc Forces, Sec,

thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and so much Money, if any such ber of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, of the Surplusses, ex cesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, at any Time before the Feast Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which, shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Loans upon one other Act of this session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and white Herrings, for ire further Term of four Years, and for giving further Time sir the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain After all the Loans made pr to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be refen ed to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by' Loans or Exchequer Bills upon this Act, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall be or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on this Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate, or Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge. the same shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be Blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million seven hundred fifty-eight thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds nine Shillings and seven Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of has majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards other Services of the Navy, performed and to be performed.

CXLIII. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

CXLIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and four thousand four hundred fifty-three Pounds five Shillings and threepence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

CXLV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies, provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million one hundred fifty-nine thousand six hundred twenty-one Pounds one Shilling and a Penny Farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed 3 that is to say, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven hundred ninety four thousand five hundred twenty-nine Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of twenty-five thousand seven hundred forty-four Men, including Commission and non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds six Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, upon Account, for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the 's ear one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand two hundred seventy three Pounds one Shilling and seven Pence Farthing, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand three hundred ninety three Pounds five Shillings and eleven Pence, to complete the Sum of eighty one thousand five hundred sixty eight Pounds five Shillings and eleven Pence, for Services incurred by augmenting his Majesty's Forces, and in concerting such other Measures as the Exigency of his Majesty's Affairs have required; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-nine thousand eight hundred thirty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be ob feryed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same;

Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 23. 397

and any Sum or sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, 49^34 ! >35 for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and rines, as; died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them f go j. ' for before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one Pensions to thousand seven hundred and thirty-five 3 which said Sum of three thousand seven hundred and eighty re

Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants un uce u cers* der his Royal Sign Manual, diredf or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such or the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to director appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, on Account of the Subsidy payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to ijj 0yf 10 the Treaty bearing Date the nineteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, Dmmark. for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five.

CXLVI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding for deficiencies thirty-six thousand four hundred and five Pounds fifteen Shillings and fourpence Farthing, towards of the Grafts making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four. m?734-

CXLVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty 37.5575 73si seven thousand five hundred fifty seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, for making good the die

Deficiency of the Fund commonly called The General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty-four General Fund, thousand eight hundred forty-nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four; and any Sum or 10,0001, for the Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and 01

Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and there company! shall and may be issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or 26, ooool. for Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty six thousand Pounds, by them to be applied towards settling and thecolony cf securing the said Colony; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand Pounds, £rjlaforst towards the Repair of the Collegiate Church of Saint Piter, Westminster; and any Sum or Sums of Peter, 'Weit" Money, not exceeding three thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Repair of the Tower and Roof of minster. the Parish Church of Saint margaret's Westminster. jvjargaretv, St

cxlvill. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued Westminster. or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, than the Uses and Purposes before mention Limitation of ed, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any parti J s'jlt1q0dth€ eular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Aids of this present Session ofu es ire e " Parliament,

CXLIX. And as to the said Sum of forty-nine thousand eight hundred thirty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly ob Rules tobeoi*. served in the Application thereof; that is to say, that no Person (half have or receive any Part of the ^rvenca"jj, eqf same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop haff pay, 0" ° or Company, in which he served, was reduced; That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in same Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical "Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath refigtied his Commission, and has had. no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed lo any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the lame as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any the Officers of the live Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment ot half-pay in Great Britain.

Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Lies and Purposes therein expressed,

which, any Sum. or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-two thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, was appropriated to be paie! to the reduced Officers of his Mr ' jesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Appli cation of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it Is hereby provided, enacted and declared, That so much of the said Sum of fifty-two thousand six £urpilis hundred and ninety Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to Money granted satisfy and pay the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act prescribed to be l°[v

observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to tofcedtfppfix such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of of their long Service or otherwise h; Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's

---

198 C. 24. Anno octavo Georgii II. A. D. 1735.

Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any thing in this Act, or the said former Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

[Preamble, reciting the Acts]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[2 Geo. 2. c. 22.]

intituled An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; which Act was to continue in Force for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas an Act was made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

[3 Geo. 2. c. 27.]

intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act trade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; both which said Acts expire with this present Session of parliament;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The said Acts further continued to 25 March 1740, &c.]

That the said Acts, and the several Articles and Clauses therein contained, not hereby altered

[Exception. Farther continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 33.]

(except the Clause in the said first mentioned Act, for setting mutual Debts one against the other) shall, together with the Alterations and Amendments herein after made, be and remain in full Force and Virtue until the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty,

[See farther 32 Geo. 2. 28.]

and from thence to End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And to prevent Persons who may be charged in Execution from lying in Prison until they have spent their Substance, wherewith they should satisfy their Creditors, and afterwards taking the Benefit of the said recited Acts when they have nothing left to deliver up to their Creditors; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[The Time limited for exhibiting Petitions.]

That from and immediately after the Expiration of this present Session of Parliament, no Person charged, or to be charged in Execution, shall be allowed or permitted to exhibit a Petition to any of the Courts of Law from whence the Process issued, as is provided in the said recited Acts, or one of them, unless such Petition be exhibited before the End of the first Term, which shall be next after the End of this Session of Parliament, or before the End of the Term which shall be next after such Person shall be charged in Execution.

'III. And whereas running of customable and prohibited Goods is grown to an excessive Height, and carried on with great Violence by evil Persons in Defiance of the Law, who do and may attempt to rescue such Persons as shall or may be taken by virtue of a Capias; and it is therefore not safe for persons so taken, to be carried by the Officer to a private House, as is provided in the said recited Acts, or one of them;'

[Persons taken by a Capias for running of customable Goods may be secured as before the passing those Acts.]

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Acts, or any Part of them, shall not relate to any Person who shall be taken by virtue of a Capias for running of customable or prohibited Goods, or for receiving such Goods, knowing them to be run; but it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers to secure such Person or Persons as shall be taken by virtue of such Capias for the Crimes aforementioned, in such Manner as might have been lawfully done, if the said recited Acts had never been made.

[The Clause in the first recited Act, relating to mutual Debts, made perpetual.]

'IV. And whereas the Provision for setting mutual Debts one against the other, is highly just and reasonable at all Times;' Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause in the said first recited Act, for setting mutual Debts one against the other, shall be and remain in full Force for ever.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That by virtue of the said Clause in the said first recited Act contained, and hereby made perpetual, mutual Debts may be set against each other, either by being pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence on the General Issue, in the Manner therein mentioned, notwithstanding that such Debts are deemed in Law to be of a different Nature;

[Exception.]

unless in Cases where either of the said Debts shall accrue by reason of a Penalty contained in any Bond or Specialty; and in all Cases where either the Debt for which the Action hath been or shall be brought, or the Debt intended to be set against the same hath accrued, or shall accrue, by reason of any such Penalty, the Debt intended to be set off, shall be pleaded in Bar, in which Plea shall be shewn how much is truly and justly due on either Side; and in case the Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action or Suit, Judgement shall be entered for no more than shall appear to be truly and justly due to the Plaintiff, after one Debt being set against the other as aforesaid.

[Quakers solemn Affirmation shall be taken in lieu of an Oath.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by the said Acts, or either of them, an oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inflicted and imposed by any Laws and Statutes of this Realm upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

[Farther Provisions concerning Prisoners, &c. 11 Geo. 2. c. 20. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31. 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 17. 32 Geo. 2. c. 28.]

1730: 3 George 2 c.27: Explanation of debtors relief act

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. C. 25, 26. 199

CAP. XXV.

An Act to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Estates of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to for not having enrolled their Estates, in pursuance of an Act of the third Year of King George the First for that Purpose.

EXP.

[Preamble, reciting 3 Geo. 1. c. 18.]

'WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time for such Registring, and for securing Purchases made by Protestants; it was enacted, That no Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, should pass from any Papist by any Deed or Will, except such Deed, within Six Months after the Date thereof, and such Will, within six Months after the Death of the Testator, should be inrolled in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the said County or Counties wherein the Manors, Lands and Tenements lay, by the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Clerk of the Peace of the said County or Counties, or two of them at the least, whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be One: And whereas many Purchases made by Protestants since the making of the said Act may be in danger of being impeached or called in Question, by reason that some Deeds or Wills necessary to make out the Title, have not been duly inrolled according to the Directions of the said Act;' May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Purchases for valuable Consideration made before 25 March, 1735, not to be avoided, though not duly registred, if the Deed or Will be inrolled by 29 Sept. 1735, as directed by the said Act.]

That no Purchase really and truly before made on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, for a full and valuable Consideration, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Protestant or Protestants, of any Papist or Papists, and merely and only for the Benefit of Protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any Deed or Will necessary to make out the Title to the same hath not been duly inrolled according to the said Act; provided that such deed or Will shall be inrolled on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[This Act not to extend to Judgments already given.]

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void or annul any Judgement or Judgments already given against any Person or Persons, who hath or have incurred the Penalties of the said Act for not inrolling as aforesaid.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to inclose, clean, and adorn the said Fields.

PR.

[Preamble, reciting the Agreement between Sir William Cowper, &c. and Lincoln's Inn.]

---

WHEREAS in and by certain Articles of Agreement bearing Date the nineteenth Day of fun which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and fifty seven, made, or mentioned to be made, between Sir William Cowper of Rattling Court, in the County of Kent, Baronet, tween Sir Robert Henley of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, and James Cowper of Lincoln's Inn, in the Coun william Cow ' ty of Middlesex, Esquire, all since deceased, of the one Part; Sir Lifieben Long Knight (then Recorder lhicolh^tou of the City of London) Nicholas Franklyn, Thomas Williams, William Ptynne, Richard Raynsford, Robert Ashton, Thomas Darcv, Thomas Beverley, Edward Harris, and William Glascock, Esquires - of them then Mailers of the Bench of the said Society of Lincolns Inn, and Persons nominated in Trust for the said Society, and all since deceased, of the other Part 3 therein reciting. That the said Sir William Cozv per, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, were interested in the Inheritance of Cup Field, in an Indenture to the said Articles annexed mentioned, and had designed the Continuance of one Row or Range of Buildings, called Portugal Rozu, in the said Field Eastward towards Lincoln's Inn Wall, and of one other Row or Range of Buildings along the North Side of the said Field, leading from the Buildings lately erected by one Newman, on the Northwest Side of the said Field to Turn Style; and also reciting, That the said Society of Lincoln's Inn were interested in the Benefit and Advantage of the Prof pest and Air of the said Field, but were willing and contented that the said Sir William Qnvpcr, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, might proceed in their said Design and Undertaking of the said Building,

with such Caution and Provision for the beautifying and adorning the intended Building, and fur le veiling and plaining the said Field, and racting the same into Walks, and for Prevention of any future Building thereupon, in such Manner as in the said Articles, the Indenture thereunto annexed, and an

Indenture of Detnife bearing even Date therewith, was expressed; the said Articles witnessed, and it was thereby mutually declared, concluded, covenacted and agreed, by and between all the Parties

thereto, and the said Sir William Coivper, Robert Henley, and fames Cowper, did, for themselves, their'

Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, covenant, promise, grrnt and agree, to and with the said Sir lijuoon Long, and the said other Trustees, their Executors and Administrators, as followeth

First, That the Two Rows or Ranges intended to be built, as aforesaid, Should bear equal Proportion

Heads of the agreement.

Indenture of Feoffment.

C. 26. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

in Front, Height, Breadth, Strength and Beauty with Portugal Row, or in a more firm or beau tiful Manner: alo, that there should be forty Foot by the Standard Distance between each of the said Rows or Ranges of Buildings, and lincoln's Inn Wall: Also that all the rest and Residue of the said Field Should, within two Years then next, at the Coils and Charges of the said Sir William Cow per, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, be levelled, plained and cart into Grass Plotts and Gravel Walks of convenient Breadth, raised all along on each Side, and set with Rows of Trees, according to a Plott or Model thereto annexed; and that for the future no Building, other than the said two Rows or Ranges, Should be erected upon the said Field, or any Part thereof (except one water house in the Middle of the said Field, which should not exceed in Proportion the Breadth of ten Yards Square)

Also, that the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, should at their Charges build and setup, in the Middle of the said Wall of Lincoln's Inn, a large Pair of Gates, and free done Stairs, with a fair and easy Descent out of the Walks belonging to the said Society, into the said Field, for the Use and Conveniency of the Students of the said Society: And the said Sir Liflebon Long, and other the said Trustees, on jbe half of the said Society, thereby agreed, that the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, should and might carry on their said Building, in the Sort and Manner therein and herein before expressed, and not otherwise, without any Let or Disturbuance of the said Society, as in and by the said in Part recited Articles, Relation thereunto being had, may more fully and at large appear:

And whereas by Indenture of Infeoffment, with Livery and Seisin thereon endorsed, bearing even Date with the said recited Articles, and made between the same Parties, therein reciting more at large the Agreement between the said Parties, to the Effect herein before set forth; it is thereby witnessed, That the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley and James Cowper (to the Intent the rest and Residue of the said Field might be kept open for the Air, and not built upon further than as by the said Ar 4 ticks was agreed) in Consideration of five Shillings, did grant, bargain, fell, infeoff and confirm un to the said Sir Lijlebon Long, and the said other Trustees, and the Survivors and Survivor of them,

and the Heirs cf such Survivor, all the rest, Residue or Body of the said Field therein, called Copfield alias Cupfield, containing by Estimation, from the East Side of the said Field, lying next lincoln's Inn Wall aforesaid, thirty Pole, be the same moreorless, and from the North Side of the said Field unto the South Side thereof, thirty and three Pole, more or less, by Agreement, according to the said Articles,

not to be built upon; to hold unto the said Trustees, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, anil the Heirs of such Survivor, to the Use of them and their Heirs for ever, upon Trust that they should,

presently after the Sealing and Delivery of the said Indenture, make a Lease of the said Premises to

the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Term of nine hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waste (other than the ereet ing new Buildings) at one Shilling per Annum Rent, with a Covenant, amongst others, on the Part of the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, that the said Premises (hold at all Times thereafter remain and continue under the Covenants, Limitations, Trusts and Agreements therein and herein before mentioned; and another Covenant for the said Sir William Cowper,

Robert Henley, and James Covjper, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, fulfilling and performing the said Agreements, as in and by the said 'Indenture, Relation thereunto being had, may more fully appear: And whereas in and by one other Indenture, herring Date the twentieth Day of the same June one thousand six hundred and fifty seven, the said Sir Lijlebon Long, and other the True flees aforesaid, did make a Lease of the said Field to the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, for the said Term of nine hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waste, with a 4 Proviso to be void, and for the said Trustees re entry, in case of any Building on the said Field, by the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, as in and by the said Indenture of Lease doth and may more fully and at large appear: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Agreements, the said Sir william Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, proceeded in and finished their said two Rows of Buildings, from the said forty Foot from Lincoln's Inn Wall aforesaid, up, to and adjoining to the Buildings then ereifted West ward from lincoln's Inn Wall aforesaid, on a certain Field or Parcel of Ground called Pursfield, and afterwards raised in the said Fields or Parcel of Ground called Cop field alias Cupfield, and at the Extent of the said Field Westward, caused Polls to be setup, and Rails to be made cross from South to North, bounding the same from the said Field called Pursfield, which said two Fields called Copfield alias Cupfield and Pursfield contain the Buildings and large square Piece or Parcel of Ground, now and forfome Years past called Great lincoln's Inn Fields: And whereas the said Sir William Cowper, Robert Henley, and James Cowper, are all since dead, and their Right and Interest in and to the said Houses so built by them, and in and to the said Field called Copfield, otherwise Cup field, is now veiled in Anthony Henley, of the Grange, in the county of Southampton Esquire, and If'il

Ham Cowper of the Pari Hi of Saint james's, in the County of Middlesex Esquire, their, some, or one of their Assignee or Assigns: whereas the said great Square now called lincoln's Inn Fields, situate

in the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Andrew Holborn, in r 4 the County of Middlesex, hath for some Years past laid waste and in great Disorder, whereby the same u 4 has become a Receptable for Rubbish, Dirt and Nastiness of all Sorts, brought thither, and laid not; 'only by the Inhabitants of the said Fields, but many others, which has not been removed or taken r 4 away by the several Scavengers of the Pari (lies wherein the said Fields are situate as aforesaid; also,

for want of proper Fences to enclose the same, great mischiefs_have happened to many of his Majesty's Subjects going about their lawful Occasions, several of whom have been killed, and others maimed and hurt by Horses, which have been from time to time aired and rode in the said Fields and, by rea

of the said Fields being kept open, many wicked and disorderly Persons have frequented and met

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. c. 27-29. 201

together therein, using unlawful Sports and Games, and drawing in and enticing young Persons into Gaming, Idleness, and other vicious Courses; and Vagabonds, common Beggars, and other disorder

Persons resort therein, where many Robberies, Assaults, Outrages, and Enormities have been, and continually are committed, notwithstanding the Watch or Guard allowed by the several Parishes

the said Fields are situate, for preventing the same: And whereas the Southwest and North Parts of the said Fields are incompaffed with Houses, many of which are inhabited by the Owners and Proprietors thereof, who with the other Inhabitants cannot go to and from their respective Habitations

in the Night Season without Danger, and therefore are desirous to prevent any Mischiefs for the future,

and to enclose, clean, repair and beautify the said Fields in a graceful Manner, and are willing and de

firous that an adequate Contribution may for that Purpose be raised by and among! themselves Wherefore and to the End the said Fields may be enclosed, cleansed and and adorned, and kept in Repair for the future, the said Proprietors and Inhabitants do most humbly beseech your most Excellent majesty, that it may be enacted, fsv.

"The Inhabitants to meet 2 June 1735, and choose 21 Trustees. 20 s. Penalty on any Person annoying "the said Fields or Houses after 2 June 1735. To be levied by Distress. The Offender may be committed till he shall remove the Annoyance. 50l. Penalty on continuing Incroachments after that Time.

"40s. Penalty on unlawful Assemblies or Sports, riding Horses, C The Trustees, and Persons ap. "by them, may dig Gravel, Sand, C in the said Fields for the Uses of this Act. Yearly "Rates to be proportioned and raised. Landlords to pay for empty Houses, &c. Tenants to pay the "Rates, and deduct their Landlords Proportion out of the Rent. Trustees to choose a Collector and "Receiver. Imprisonment on not accounting. Distress on nonpayment of the Rates inten Days after "Demand. The Square of Lincolns Inn Fields after 24 June 1735, to be a distinct Ward as to the Scavenger and Watch, and the respective Parishes exonerated. The Trustees may grant Annuities for "32 Years. Money paid for Annuities to be registered. proper Instruments signed by the Trustees "be granted thereon, and the yearly Rates chargeable with the Repayment. Trustees may encumber "the said Rates with Mortgages as well as Annuities, if they think convenient, but not to ex "6000

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Leonard Shorditch in the County of Middlesex. "Nine "or more of the Trustees may cause the old Church to be pulled down, and a new one to be built. "The Expenses to be born out of the Funeral Rates, as settled by Indenture 8 April 173s- The "full Rates to be paid for Burials of Persons dying in the said Parish, but buried elsewhere, during "this Act. Rep. 11 Geo. 2. c. 23. The Vestry within two Months to nominate 12 Inhabitants, out of "which the Trustees are to choose Persons to collect the Rates, and soon every Tuesday in Easter "Week yearly. Persons serving as Collectors discharged from the Office of Scavenger. Collectors "refusing to account, to be imprisoned. Trustees may borrow Money and grant Annuities on the "Rates, not exceeding 8000l. at 8l. 10 s. percent. Deficiency in Annuities to be ffipplied by an Af "on Lands, chut not to exceed 1 s. in the Pound of the yearly Rent j Two Thirds to be "paid by the Landlord, and the other Third by the Tenants. The Payment of these Assessments "not entitle to a Settlement. The Rates to commence from 1 June 1733, and be continued no "longer than necessary; and then the ancient Rates for Funerals to be paid. The Vestry, with Con "of the Trustees, may make Alterations in the Burial Duties, so as not to exceed in the Total, "the usual Rates." P R.

CAP. XXVIII.

Explained and amended by LX Geo. 2. C z3.

An Act to explain and make more effectual the several Acts made and passed for repairing the Highways leading to High gate Gatehouse and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, so far as the same relate to the Statute Work to be done upon the said Highways, or Compositions to be made in lieu of the same. PR.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the F, Hates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radclffe.

WHEREAS James late Earl of Derwentwater was, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven Preamble, rehundred and fifteen, attainted of High Treason, and executed for the same: And whereas citin5the aqs Charles Radcliffe was also attainted of High Treason, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen: And whereas by virtue of an act of Parliament made and passed in the first j Geo. 1. c. 50. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act for appointing comtnif sioners to aiquire of the Estates of certain Traitors and Popish Recttfints, and of Estates 'given to superjliti ous Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Public, and of one other Act made in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for En9Gc0> e i9 couragement of the Coinage of Moneys; and for Relief of William late Lord Widdrington; and to prevent foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom; and for ascertaining the Duties on bound Books imported; and for issuing Certificates and Debentures for Arrears due to five Regiments, to be fat isfied by Annuities therein mentioned; and for discharging the Duties of Rock Salt lojl on the Rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for Voi. Vt. D d' limiting

C. 29. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

5 Geo. 2. c. 23.

The Sum now remaining in the Exchequer.

limiting the Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited estates in England and Scotland respectively; and for appropriating the Supplies granted to His Majesty in this Sejfwn of Parliament; and to rectify Mif nomers and Omissions of Commissioners for the Land Tax, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty three; and of one other Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making void the several Contradis, for Sale of the Estate of James late Earl of Derr entwater, to William Smith Esquire, and also of the Annuity of two hundred Pounds during the Life Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the same, and of other Acts of Parliament made and passed in the Reign of his said late Majesty, the Ba ' rony, Manor or Lordship of Langley, in the County of Northumberland, and diverse other Manors,

Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, belonging to him the said fames late Earl ot derwentwater and the said Charles Radcliffe, became veiled in his then Majesty, ' and are now veiled in his present Majesty for the Use of the Public: And whereas by the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, the several Contradis which had been made for the Sale of the said Premises to the said William Smith and the said Matthew White were fetafide, and madeab

folutely void, and Power was thereby given to the Court of Exchequer to order the said Premises to be

sold again, subject to such Claims and Demands as had been allowed by the Commissioners and ru flees named in and according to an Act of the fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for such Estate and Interest as was veiled in his Majesty by virtue of the said several Attainders, and of the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late Majesty, and of the said Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty; and the Purchase Money was to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied and disposed of according to any Act or Acts of Parliament then after to be made for

that Purpose; and till such Sale, the Rents and Profits were to be applied and disposed of according to any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be made for that Purpose: whereas there now remains in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the Sum of seven thousand one hundred eighty two Pounds, thirteen Shillings, which hath arisen out of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises so veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid; there are also several Sums of Money in the Hands of the Collectors and Receivers, and due and in Arrear from the Tenants and Farmers of the said Premises: And whereas the Annuity or Rent Charge, and also the several Mortgages and Encumbrances of and upon the said Estate of the said late Earl of Derwentwater, or some Part thereof (herein after particularly mentioned) have been regularly claimed and allowed according to the Direction of the said act of the fourth Year of his said late majesty's Reign; and there is now due, owing, issuing and payable out of the said Estate, or some Part thereof, to the several Persons herein after named, the several Sums of Money and Annuity herein after mentioned; that is to say, To the Right Honourable Robert fames Lord Petre, the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds principal Money, with the Interest thereof; to Cuth bert Confable alias Tunjlal, of Burton Constable in Holderness in the County of York Esquire, upon Mort gauge, the Sum of five thousand nine hundred Pounds principal Money, besides Interest; to Mary Chamberlain Spinster, Edward Hopkins of the City of Coventry Esquire and Anna Maria his Wife, Ri 4 chard Luther Esquire and Charlotte his Wife, upon Mortgage, the Sum of three thousand Pounds prin cipal Money, besides Interest; to the Lady Catharine Radcliffe, second Daughter of Francis late Earl of Derwentwater, one Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of one hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes, for the Term of her natural Life, with the Arrears thereof; To the End therefore that the said Sums of Money, and all the Rents, Issues and Profits of the Premises, during the Continuance of his Majesty's said Estate and Interest therein for the Use of the Public as aforesaid, may, subject to the Payments herein before and herein after mentioned, be disposed of and applied to the Use and Benefit of the Public, and in Ease of his Majesty's good Subjects; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament, _, assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Sum of seven thousand one hundred eighty

ch^uer after" tw0 p°untis? and thirteen Shillings, so arising and produced out of the Rents and Profits of the said clearing the tn Premises, and remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued, appropriated and cumbrances, applied, in the first Place for the paying and clearing off all Interest and Arrears of the said Annuity of tfe^niiwn^cf0 one llun^re<^ Pounds a Year and Encumbrances herein before mentioned, to the twenty-fifth Day of Greenwich March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty five; and after payment thereof the Surplus and Residue of the said Sum of seven thousand one hundred eighty-two Pounds and thirteen Shillings, shall (except as is herein after excepted) be appropriated and applied, and is hereby appropriated and applied, towards the building and finishing of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich.

The Applica

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of Money collected tion or the Ar and received by the respective Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises so forfeited and tears. veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, which were not paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before

the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and all Arrears of Rents and Profits of the same Premises due and owing from the several Farmers, Tenants and Occupiers of any Part or Parts thereof at or on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousan'd seven hundred and thirty-five, and all the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Premises which shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, grow, accrue, or become due and payable for and during his Majesty's said Estate and Interest in the said Premises (subject in the first Place to the Payment of the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year as the same shall grow due, and of all Principal and Interest due and to grow due upon the several Encumbrances herein before mentioned) shall be issued and applied, and are hereby appropriated and applied,

8' to

Claims allow, eri to be oaid out of the i're miltes,

7, tfszl. 13 s.

Hospital.

A.D. 1735. Anno octavo Georgii II. C. 29. 203

to the Uses and for the Purposes following; that is to say, In the first Place for and towards the finishing and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and after the Building of the same Royal Hospital shall be completed and finished, for and towards the Support of the said Royal Hospital for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Premises His Majest V so forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, shall not be sold (except as herein after is excepted) Right t ine but shall remain and continue veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (subject to, and charged, 1'ffoid? noc 11 and chargeable with the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year and Encumbrances aforesaid, and Exception. the Payment thereof in the first Place) for such Estate and Interest as aforesaid, for the Purposes of this

A CL anything in the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And, to the End and Intent that all and every the Rents, Blues and Profits of the said Premises, so forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, may be effectually levied, paid and applied for the Purposes of this act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to maytmpcwer and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Sign Manual to authorise and empower the Commis the corn)nit sioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, to ap tjoners of the point Stewards, Receivers or Bailiffs of the said Premises so forfeited and veiled in his Majesty as afore appoir, tfstcw^said, for and during the said Estate and Interest of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same ards, C Premises, and to invest them with full Power to receive the Rents, Blues and Profits thereof, and to

give Receipts, Discharges and Acquittances for the same, and to hold Courts, and to do and perform all acts, Matters and Things necessary for the managing the said Premises, usually done and performed by Stewards, Receivers and Bailiffs, and also to assign and allow such Salaries and Rewards to the said Stewards, Receivers and Bailiffs, as the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, shall think requisite and necessary in that Behalf

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, from time to time, during the Continuance of the said Estate and Interest of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, in the said Premises, to authorise and empower the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, to grant Leases of the Premises so forfeited and veiled leaf's.erant

in his Majesty as aforesaid, or of any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons for any Term or

Number of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years, to take effe<5l in Possession and not in Reversion, so

as there be reserved to continue payable during the Terms in such Leases to be granted the bell 2nd most improved yearly Rent and Rents that can be had or gotten for the same, without taking any Fine,

Premium or free Gift, and so as there be contained in all such Leases a Condition of re entry for Non The c?n^i t' on payment of the Rent and Rents thereby respectively to be reserved, and so as the respective Lessees exe 0 C ea es' cute Counterparts of all such Leases, and so as no Clause be contained in any of the said Leases, giving Power to any Lessee to commit Waite, or exempting him, her or them fiompunishment for commuting the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital 6 Months No

shall give public Notice in the London Gazette of the Time and Place when and where such f.hates are gvi' intended to be let, six Months at least before the Expiration of the Term for which the said Estates before granting are now or shall be hereafter let. Leases.

VII. And whereas it may be found necessary and expedient to sell and dispose of same Part or Parts of the said Premises to pay oft' and discharge the said several Mortgages and Encumbrances herein be fore mentioned (except the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year)' Provided therefore, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Attorney General How Sales are of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Direction, or for the said several Mortgagees and Incumbrancers herein before named, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or any of them, to Set 15 ca. i. <-. apply to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, by Motion in a summary Way, for the Sale 41 of the absolute fee simple and Inheritance of such Part or Parts of the said Barony, Manors, Lordships,

Mefiliages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tithes and Hereditaments, charged with the said respective Encumbrances, as shall be sufficient for the Discharge thereof, to any Person or Persons being Protestants, upon which Motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer to make such Order or Orders, and Hve such Directions for such Sale or Sales, as the said Court shall think proper, and for causing public Notice to be given thereof, as is usual in Cases of Estates directed to be sold by Decrees in Courts of Equity, and to make and give such other Orders and Directions therein, as to that Court in their discretion shall seem just; and the Money arising by such Sale or Sales Utah be applied by the Direction of the said Court to the Discharge of the said Encumbrances; and in case there shall happen to be any Surplus of the said Purchase Money, the same shall be applied for the Benefit of the said Hospital; and upon Payment and Application of such Purchase Money as aforesaid, one or more Grant or Grants, Assurance or Assurances of such Parts and Parcels of the said Estates as shall be so sold and paid for as aforesaid, shall be made and passed under the Great Seal of Great Britain to every such purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns; and all and every Person and Persons making any such Purchase, and having any such Grant or Grants, Assurance or Assurances, as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of the making such Grant or Grants, Assurance or Assurances, be, and are hereby adjudged to be seized of and entitled to the absolute fee simple, and in the actual Possession of such Part and Parts of the said Premises as shall be so purchased and conveyed.

Dd?

204 C 30. Anno octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1735.

and Mortgagees

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon full Payment of the to convey. Principal, Interest and Costs, due and to grow due upon the said several Mortgages or Securities herein before mentioned, the said Mortgagees and Incumbrancers, and their Trustees, shall assign and convey their respective Securities on the Estates which shall be so sold, to the respective Purchasers thereof, or to any Person or Persons to be named by such Purchasers respectively, at the Costs of such Purchaser, in such Manner, and by such Conveyances, as the said Court of Exchequer shall direct; and so much of the said Premises included in such Mortgages and Encumbrances which shall remain unsold, shall, at the Costs of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be assigned and conveyed by such Mortgagees and Incumbrancers to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall direct and appoint, subject nevertheless to the Directions herein contained for applying the Rents and Profits thereof as aforesaid.

the commitio

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners or Governors of comrtth for^ kid Royal Hospital shall and are hereby required to contract and agree with able and sufficient trades finishing the men, Artificers or other Persons, for ftnishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a work hospital, and manlike and substantial Manner on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid annual Accounts before the House of Commons in this Session of Parliament, and that they do lay their proceed before the King ings herein with their annual Accounts before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament re and Parliament, spectively.

8 Geo. 1. c. 24. ' X And whereas the Encouragement given bvan Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectualfupprelfing of Piracy, to sea men or Mariners on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, extends only to such Seamen or Mariners as shall be maimed in Fight against any Pirate; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any fnthcmetchams Seaman or Mariner on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of his Majesty, his Service, intitled Heirs or Successors, shall be maimed in Sight against: any Enemy whatsoever of his Majesty, his Heirs to Relief in the or Successors, every such Seaman or Mariner shall be admitted into and provided for in the said Royal raid Hospital. Hospital in like Manner as any other Seaman or Mariner wounded or disabled in the Service of his Comming Sea Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

men, see farther u Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 3 Gf 17. 14gv0.2. C 38. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34, 18 Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2.

c. 47. 0, 1 Geo. 2. e, 10.

2000l. to be paid

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Rents for^ds'service aik^ Profits of the said Estate now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there shall in recovering and may be issued and paid to the Lord Viscount Gauge in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Sum of two the Premises. thousand Pounds, without Account, and clear of all Pees and Deductions whatsoever. having been at great Charges and Expenses in recovering the said Estate for the Use of the Public.

Saving clauses. XII Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Right,

Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in, unto or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors might have had, or been intitled unto, in case this Act had never been made (other than and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as was or is vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the several Attainders herein before mentioned, or either of them, or of the said recited Acts of Parliament, or any of them, and other than and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand which his Majesty, his Hein and Successors, hath or may have, in or to such Part or Parts of the said, Premises, which shall be sold pursuant to the Directions of this Act) anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Saving also to the said several Mortgagees and Incumbrancers herein before named (till they shall be paid off as aforesaid) and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, and Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim Exbtahed and ant Demand, f n unto or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof (except such Part or Parts of the amended by " Hid Premises which shall be sold pursuant to the Directions of this Act) as they or any of them might 11 Geo. 2. c. 30. have had, or been intitled unto, in case this Act had never been made 5 anything herein contained to the Andfeezz Geo. 2. contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Whereas by the ancient common-law of this Land, all Elections ought to be free: And whereas by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, of famous Memory, it is commanded, upon great Forfeiture, that no Man by Force of Arms, nor by Malice, or Menacing, shall disturb any to make free Election: And forasmuch as the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament is of the utmost Consequence to the Preservation of the Rights and Liberties of this Kingdom: And whereas it hath been the Usage and Practice to cause any Regiment, Troop or Company, or any Number of Soldiers, which hath been quartered in any City, Borough, Town or Place, where any Election of Members to serve. in Parliament hath been appointed to be made, to remove and continue out of the same during the Time of such Election, except in such particular Cases as are herein after specified: To the End therefore that the said Usage and Practice may be settled and established for the future; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

Anno octavo Georgii II. C, 30. 205

Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That when and as often as any Election of any Peer or Peers to represent the Peers of Scotland in Parliament, or of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, shall be appointed to be made, the Secretary at War for the time being;, or in case there shall be no Secreatary at War, then such Person who shall officiate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall and is hereby required at some convenient Time before the Day appointed (or such Election, to issue and send forth proper Orders in Writing for the Removal of every such Regiment, Troop or Company, or other Number of Soldiers, as shall be quartered or billeted in any such City, Borough, Town or Place, where such Election shall be appointed to be made, out of every such City, Borough, Town or Place, one Day at the lead before the Day appointed for such Election, to the Distance of two or more Miles from such City, Borough, Town or Place, and not to make any nearer Approach to such City, Borough, Town or Place, as aforesaid, until one Day at the lead after the Poll to be taken at such Election shall be ended, and the Poll Books closed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Secretary at War for the time being, or such Person who shall officiate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall neglect or omit to issue or send forth such Orders as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment to be preferred at the next Assizes, or Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, to be held for the County where such Offence shall be committed, or on an Information to be exhibited in the Court of King's Bench within Six Months after such Offence committed, such Secretary at War, or Person who shall officate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall for such Offence be discharged from their said respective Offices, and shall from thenceforth be utterly disabled, and made incapable to hold any Office or Employment, civil or military, in his Majesty's Service.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the City and Liberty of Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, for and in respect of the Guards of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, nor to any City, Borough, Town or Place, where his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of his Royal Family shall happen to be or reside at the Time of any such Election as aforesaid, for or in respect of such Number of Troops or Soldiers only as shall be attendant as Guards to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to such other Person of the Royal Family as is aforesaid; nor to any Castle, Sort or fortified Place, where any Garrison is usually kept, for or in respect of such Number of Troops or Soldiers only whereof such Garrison is composed.

IV. Provided likewise. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construea to extend, to any Officer or Soldier who shall have a Right to vote at any such Election as aforesaid, but that every such Officer and Soldier may freely, and without Interruption, attend and give his Vote at such Election; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That the Secretary at War, or in case there shall be no Secretary at War, then such Person who shall officiate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall not be liable to any Forfeiture or Incapacity for not sending such Order as aforesaid, upon any Election to be made of a Member to serve in Parliament on a Vacancy of any Seat there, unless Notice of the making out any new Writ for such Election shall be given to him by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, or other Officer making out any new Writ for such Election, which Notice he is hereby directed and required to give with all convenient Speed after making out the said Writ.

9 Geo. 2. c. 38. II Geo. 2. e, 24. 13 Geo. 'z. C to 15 Geo. 2. e, 22. 18 Geo. 2. c. 18. lggeo^i, C 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14.

On Notice of Eiefiion of a Member, the Secretary at War, or Person adiing as such, to send proper Orders in Writing for removing Soldiers a Miles from the Place of Election,

on Penalty of forfeiting his Office, C

Not to extend to Westminster, or other Place of Residence of the Royal Family, cor

fortified Places;

or any Officer, C having a p.ight to yore at such Eiefiion.

the secreiary at War, C not liable in case of Vacancy, unless Notice of the writbe given by the Clerk of the Crown.

See farther 33 Geo. 2. e, 10,

Anno 110110 GEORGII II.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the 3 fourteenth Day of January, Anno Dom.*In Rearetc

la one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sove XV die Januar.

reign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland. King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the fifteenth Day of January 1755, being the second Session of this present Parliament.

---

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six,

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act to punish Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

---

EXP, 2 s. in the Pound.

nor.o3 contmuat. itfque ad et in XXI dim Jan. iiar. Anno Rt'gtri, C decimo.

206

C 4> S'

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

Preamble, re citing; the Act 7 Geo. 1. c. 7.

Stuff made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool), manufactured in Great Britain, if tliewarp beintirelylinen, may be worn, notwithstanding the said Act.

No Penalty for such Wearing 10 be recovered, unless where Judgement hath been already obtained.

Sec farther 15 Co. 2. r. 31.

CAP. IV.

An Act to amend an Act pated in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, flamed or dyed Calicoes, in Apparel, Household Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two (except as is therein excepted) so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarrj, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the seventh year of thercign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, tainted, ' Jlained or dyed Calicoes, in Apparel, haufhou Stuff, Furniture or otherwise, after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two (except as is therein excepted) it is enabled, That the Prohibition of Calicoes intended by the said Act, and the Penalties thereby inflicted for wearing or using printed, painted, stained or dyed Calicoes in Apparel, Houftiold Stuff or Furniture, after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, contrary to the said Act, ' should respectively extend to prohibit, and should be levied and recovered, for wearing or using in Apparel, Household Stuff or Furniture, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, any Stuff made with Cotton, or mixed therewith, which should be printed or painted with any Colour or Colours, or any Callicoe chequered or striped, or any Callicoe stitched or flowered in foreign Parts with any Colour or Colours, or with coloured Flowers made there (Mullins, ' Neckcloths and Fustians excepted] in such Manner as the Penalties inflicted by the said Act for

wearing or using printed, painted, stained or dyed Calicoes in Apparel, Houftiold Stuff or Furniture, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, contrary to the said Act, are to be levied or recovered, but under such Limitations, and with such Liberties, Privi leges and Advantages, as are mentioned and expressed in the said Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament then in Force relating thereto, or relating to printed, painted, stained or dyed Callicoes; And whereas great Quantities of Stuffs made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool have for several Years past been manufactured, and have been printed and painted within this Kingdom of Great Britain,

and the said Manufactures so printed or painted are a Branch of the ancient Fustian Manufacture

of this Kingdom, and have been and are now used and worn in Apparel and Furniture: And whereas some Doubts have lately arisen, whether the Use and Wearing of the said Stuffs, when the same are so printed or painted, be prohibited by the said recited Act, whereby the said Manufacture is disc couraged, and may be utterly lost, and great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects and their Families,

whose Livelihoods entirely depend thereupon, may be ruined, and the Poor greatly increased, if not timely prevented: J For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and, Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said recited Act shall extend, or be construed to prohibit the wearing or using in Apparel, Household Stuff, Furniture or otherwise, any Sort of Stuff made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool! manufactured and printed or painted with any Colour or Colours within the Kingdom of Great Britain, provided that the Warp thereof be entirely Linen Yam; and that no Person shall incur, or be deemed or adjudged, or taken to incur, any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever for wearing or using such Manufacture so printed or painted as aforesaid; anything in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Penalties in the said former Act, which may have been incurred for the wearing or using any Sort of Stuff made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool! manufactured and printed or painted within this Kingdom as aforesaid, shall be recovered or levied, unless lbme Prosecution for the same hath been already commenced, and Judgement already obtained thereupon; anything in the said former Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, except so much thereof as repeals an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Against Conjurations, Enchantments and witchcrafts, and to repeal an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the ninth Parliament of Queen Mary, entitled, Anentis witchcrafts, and for punishing such Persons as pretend to exercise or use any Kind of Witchcraft, Sorcery, Enchantment or Conjuration.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First,

entitled,

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 6. 207

entitled, An Act against Conjuration, tvitchcraft, and dealing' with evil and wicked Spirits, shall, from the 1 Jam, es, ' cl12 twenty-fourth Day of June next, be repealed and utterly void and of none Effect (except so much there exceptvciause of as repeals the Statute made in the rifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act repealing egainf Conjurations, Inchantments and Witchcrafts.) 5 Eliz. C 16.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth The A £1 in Scot day of June, the Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the ninth Parliament of Queen Mary, inti atforcpealcch tuled, Anentis Witchcrafts, shall be and is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, no Profecu After 24 June

tion. Suit or Proceeding, shall be commenced or carried on against any Person or Persons for Witchcraft, routed

i Sorcery, Enchantment or Conjuration, or for charging another with any such Offence, in any Court for Witchcraft, whatsoever in Great Britain. CIV

And for the more effectual preventing and punishing any Pretences to such Arts or Powers as Persons pre are before mentioned, whereby ignorant Persons are frequently deluded and defrauded; Be it further df^wvchcraft* enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth tell Fortunes, or Day of June, pretend to exercise or use any Kind of Witchcraft, Sorcery, Enchantment or Conjuration, by craftysdence or undertake to tell Fortunes, or pretend from his or her Skill or Knowledge in any occult or crafty coid°ver"° kn Science to discover where or in what Manner any Goods or Chattles, supposed to have been stolen or loll,

may be found; every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted on Indictment or Information in that Part of Great Britain called England, or on Indictment or Libel in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall for every such Offence fuller Imprisonment by the Space of one whole Year without Bail or Mainprize, and once in every Quarter of the said Year in some Market Town of the proper y<f1rr'foned County upon the Market Day, there Hand openly on the Pillory by the Space of one Hour, and also t, e piiiory'd, shall (if the Court by which such Judgement shall be given shall think lit) be obliged to give Sureties for and bound for his or her good Behaviour, in such Sum, and for such Time, as the said Court shall judge proper accord good Behaviour, ing to the Circumstances of the Offence, and in such Case shall be further imprisoned until such Sureties be given.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to read the Prayers, and make and subscribe the Declarations directed to be read, made and subscribed by the Act of Uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for doing thereof.

EXP.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign Preamble, re of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of public for mrty Act"1'

Prayers, and Adminf ration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies, and for establishing the Form 13 & 14 Car,

of making, ordaining and consecrating of Bishops, Briefs and Deacons in the Church cf England, it was C 4*

among other Things enacted, That every Person who should thereafter be presented or collated, or put into any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, within the Realm of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Benvick upon Tweed, should, in the Church, Chapel or Place of public Worship, belonging to the said Benefice or Promotion, within two Months next after that he should be in the actual Pofiel fion of the said Ecclesiastical Benefice or Promotion, upon some lord's Day, openly, publicly and solemnly, read the Morning and Evening Prayer appointed to be read by and according to the Book of Common Prayer therein before mentioned, at the Times thereby appointed or to be appointed; and after such Reading thereof, should openly and publicly, before the Congregation there assembled,

declare his unfeigned Assent and Consent to the Use of all Things therein contained and prescribed,

according to the Form therein before appointed; and that all and every such Persons who should with out some lawful Impediment to be allowed and approved of by the Ordinary of the Place) neglect or refuse to do the same within the Time aforesaid, or in case of such Impediment, within one Month after such Impediment removed, should ipso failo be deprived of all his laid Ecclesiastical Benefices and Promo tions; and that from thenceforth it should be lawful for all Patrons of all and Angular the said Ecclesi astical Benefices and Promotions, or any of them, according to their respective Rights and Titles, to present or collate to the same, as though the Person or Persons so offending or neglecting were dead;

and also that every Dean, Canon and Prebendary of every Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and all Mailers or other Heads, Fellows, Chaplains and Tutors, of or in any College, Hall, House of Learn - ing or Hospital, and every public professor.and Reader in either of the Universities, and in every College elsewhere; and every Parson, Vicar, Curate, Ledlurer, and every other Person in holy Orders,

and every Schoolmaster keeping any public or private School, and every Person instructing or teaching any Youth in any House or private Family as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, who upon the first Day of May ' which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty two, or at any Time thereafter, should be Incumbent or have Possession of any Deanery, Canonry, Prebend, Mastership,

Headship, Fellowship, professor's Place or reader's Place, Parsonage, Vicarage or any other Ecclesiasti cal Dignity or Promotion, or of any curate's Place, Lecture or School, or should inflrudl or teach any Youth as Tutor or Schoolmaster, should, before the Feast Day of Saint Bartholomew which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty two, or at or before his or their respective Admis fion to be Incumbent or have Possession, subscribe a Declaration or Acknowledgment, wherein,

2o3 C 7-10. Anno 110110 Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

among other Words, which by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, are directed from thenceforth not to be enjoined or required, are contained the Words following; that is to say, I A.B. do declare, that I will conform to the Liturgy of the Church of England, as it is now by Law established, upon Pain drat all and every the Persons last mentioned, failing in such Subscription, shall lose and forfeit such respective Deanery, Pre ' bend, Canonry, Mastership, Headship, Fellowship, professor's Place, reader'a Place, Ecclesiastical Dignity or Promotion, curate's Place, Lecture and School: And whereas several Persons have through Inadvertency either wholly omitted to read the said Prayers, and to make and subscribe the Paid several Declarations, or one of them, or have not done it within the Time, and in the Manner by e Law required; and have thereby incurred the Forfeitures in such Case inflicted by the said recited Act ' of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second; and the Validity of Leases made, and other Acts done by them since such i 'oifeitures incurred, may by reason thereof be contro verted and avoided, (fed

EXP.

Farther Time is given for this Purpose by u Geo. 2. c. 31.

CAP. VII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the houj'e called The Sign of the Bells, in the Paris) of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. P R. [Continued 22 Geo. 2. c. 8.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

PR.

preamble,

WHEREAS the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the nighttime within the great and populous Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, is of great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants

thereof, and very necessary to prevent, as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Mur

Burglaries, Robberies and other Outrages and Disorders: whereas by the Laws now in

being, no effectual Provision is made for the establishing, ordering or well governing of such a Nightly £ Watch, or for levying and collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, ' or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Money so levied and collected for that Purpose: whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Bedels employed within the said Parish

want of a proper Regulation and Government of them, have been of great Charge and little Use to s the said Parish, and the Methods hitherto practised of raising Moneys for maintaining and paying the said Bedels have been 2lfo precarious and unwarrantable; 'For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, ifc.

"Vestry to meet on 3 May and 3 Nov. yearly, and appoint the Number of Watchmen and Bedels, and "set down in Writing the Orders agreed on for regulating the Watch.'Transcripts of the Regulations, "(fc. signed by the Vestry Clerk, to be delivered to each Constable. The Charges to be paid by an "half yearly assessment, and may be levied by Distress. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next "General Quarter sessions, whose Order to be final. The assessment not to exceed 4 d. per Pound. "No Person paying the said assessment, or chosen a Bedel or Watchman, to gain thereby a Settle "No hired Servant capable of being chosen a Bedel or Watchman. Collectors of the affelt "ment to account to the vestry on 26 July yearly, or oftener, if required. Yearly Accounts of Receipts "and Disbursements to be adjusted and signed at a Vestry by 20 August, and lodged with the Vestry Clerk. "Persons paying the said Rates discharged from Watch or Ward.

CAP. IX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconbury, to the Sop of Alconbury Hill, or Cross Post, leadi?ig into Sautery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Sown of Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall in Eaton Soken in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common in said County of Huntingdon.

PR.

The recited Act 11 Geo. 1. c. 20. is further continued for 21 Years, CC

A P. X

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint ditnftan's Cross near the City of caster bury, to the Waterside at Whitstable in the County of Kent.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 24 June 1736, for 21 Years.

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II.

C 11 -- 13.

209

CAP. XI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beconsfield in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church in the County of Oxon.

PR.

The recited private Act is further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County of

Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County,

and for impowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the same.

EXP.

£ the common Gaol for securing the Prisoners of the Crown at Maidf one in the Preamb!:

Western Division of the County of Kent, is in great Decay, too strait for the safe keeping of '

the Prisoners, and Handing in the Middle of the said Town, is often, from Distempers of the Pri

foners, both offensive and dangerous to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to such as resort thi

there; and there being no Prison for confining of Debtors, great Charge, Expense and Hazard are thereby occasioned to the Sheriff of the said County for the Time being, to whose Custody several Persons are committed for Debts of very large Sums of Money; all which Infufnciencies and Inconve niencies of the Gaol aforesaid have been presented by the Grand Jury at the Assizes and General £ Gaol Delivery held for the said County: And whereas there is no Site of Ground to enlarge the said Gaol, or to erebl a Prison and other Conveniences for the safe keeping of Debtors; and forasmuch as the Justices of the Peace for the said County cannot, by the Laws now in Force, raise a sufficient £ of Money upon the said County, in order to purchase a new Site of Ground, and thereon build 6 a Gaol; nor can they apply the Stock of the said County, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; 'it therefore enabled, itfe.

££ The Justices at their General Quarter sessions may authorise Persons to purchase Ground in Maid "Parish, to be vested in the Trustees herein named. When the Trustees shall be reduced to "Seven, others to be chosen, not exceeding Ten, ca convenient Gaol, with different Wards,

"to be built. Part of the present County Stock to be applied towards die Charge thereof; the re "Charge to be raised by Assessment at the Quarter sessions.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

PR.

f TTTT WHEREAS the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the nighttime within the Parish of Saint Paul Govent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, is of great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and very northeast cessary to prevent, as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Rob ' beries, and other Outrages and Disorders: whereas by the Laws now in being no effectual Provt fion is made for the establishing, ordering or well governing of such a Nightly Watch, or for levying and collebling any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Appli cation and just Account of any Money so levied and collected for that Purpose: And whereas it hat ll ' been found by Experience, that the Bedels employed within the said Parish, for want of a proper Regulation and Government of them, have been of great Charge and little Use to the fr.id Parish, and the 'methods hitherto practisedof raising Moneys for maintaining.and paying the said Bedels have been also precarious and unwarrantable; 'For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, itfe.

££ The Vestry, with other Persons specified, to meet on 3 May and 3 Nov. yearly, and appoint the "Number of Watchmen and Bedels, and set down in Writing the Orders agreed on for regulating the "Watch. Transcripts of the Regulations, e. signed by the Vestry Clerk, to be delivered to each <£ Constable. The Watchmen, in the Absence of the Constable, may apprehend night walkers, {5'c.The Charges to be paid by an half yearly Assessment. Persons aggrieved niay appeal to the next, £ Quarter sessions, whose Order to be final. The Assessment not to exceed 6d. per Pound. No Per "paying the said Assessment, or chosen a Bedel or Watchman, to gain thereby a Settlement. No "hired Servant capable of being chosen a Bedel or Watchman. Collectors of the Assessment to account to the Vellry on 26 July yearly, or oftener, if required. Yearly Accounts of Receipts and Disburse "ments, to be adjusted and signed at a Vestry by 20 August, and lodged wi.h the Vellry Clerk. Per "paying the said Rates discharged from Watch or Ward.

Vcl. VI E e

JS.

210

C 14-16

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

[Preamble,

The Toll,

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Henley Bridge the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called mile stone, in the Road leading to Magdalene Bridge in the said County.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 1 May 1736, for 21 Years,

CAP. XV.

An act for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of New jvindfor in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, and the Way thereon, leading from the said Borough of New Windsor, to Eton in the County of Bucks.

PR.

WHEREAS the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of New tvindfor in the County of Berks, are lawfully seized of the great Bridge over the River Thames, commonly called or

known by the Name of jvindfor Bridge, set, lying and being in New jvindfor aforesaid, and of the 1 Way thereon leading from Nnu jvindfor aforesaid, to Eton in the County of Bucks, with the Appurte nance thereof, and are obliged by reason of their Tenure to repair and maintain the same; and for that Purpose by themselves, their Officers, Deputies or Assigns, have received, and are entitled to receive, certain customary Tolls for Pontage and Passage over and under the said Bridge; that is to

say,

1 For every Hearse or Coach passing over the said Bridge with a dead Corpse, six Shillings and eight

Pence.

For every Hackney Coach (not a freeman's) for every Passage, twopence.

For every Load, Passage or Carriage with Houshold Goods, Wool, Earthen Ware, Charcoal and Leather, fourpence.

For every Load, Passage or Carriage, with Corn, Hay, Straw, Dung, Wood and Peat, twopence.

For every Score of Sheep, twopence.

'for every Head of Oxen, Hogs and other Cattle, one Halpenny.

For every Horse loaded with Hampers, or otherwise, one Halfpenny.

For every Barge going under the said Bridge down Stream, sixpence.

And whereas the said Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses have, by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the twelfth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seven, demised the said Bridge and Tolls for the Term of forty Years, and under the yearly Rent of five Pounds, and subject to the Exceptions and Conditions therein expressed, to John Herring of jvindfor aforesaid, Grocer, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns: whereas the said Bridge, which is of great Advantage to the Commerce of the adjacent Counties, as well as of the said Borough, is now in a ruinous Condition, and no Provision is made for supporting the same, otherwise than by the Moneys arising from the Profits of the Tolls herein before and after mentioned, the Payment whereof hath of late been refused by several Persons,

and cannot be recovered but by bringing separate Addons against each particular Person so refuting,

which must be attended with great Expense and Delay; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, isf'c.

"The said Bridge, C subject to the said Lease, vested in the Mayor, fsfc. who may appoint Collectors.

"The Profits of the Ferry, whilst the Bridge is repairing, vested in the Mayor, C Ferry not to "continue longer than the necessary Reparations of the Bridge, which are to be finished in 3 Months.

"10 s. Penalty on any Person, not authorised by the Mayor, fsfc. working a Boat within 2 Furlongs of the Bridge to hinder the Toll.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner in the Town of Reading (leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton) to Basingstoke in the said County of Southampton.

P R.

The recited Act is continued for 21 Years farther.

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II.

C 17, 18.

IX

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

PR.

WHEREAS a new Church hath been erected near Mill Bank, in the parish of Saint Mar

garet, Westminster, and a District hath been allotted thereto, which since the Consecration of the said Church hath been called and known by the Name of the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist

And whereas, notwithstanding such Division, all Parochial Rates (except only the Rate for the Main

of the Rebtor of the said new Church, appointed to be made by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Provision Jot the Re it or of the new Church situate near Mill Bank, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) have been and now are (in pursuance of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act j'or enlarging the Time given to the Com

appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majestyfevered Duties on Coals,

j'or building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof,

and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners further Powers for better effecting the same; and for appointing Moneys for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolnoth

in the City of londonj assessed and levied within and through all Parts and Districts, which did for

belong to the said Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster: And whereas the well ordering and regulating a Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said two Parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelist, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, is of great Importance for the Pre ' servation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to prevent, as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and other Out ' rages and Disorders: whereas by the Laws now in being no effectual Provision is made for the establishing, ordering or well governing of such a Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said two Parishes, or for levying and collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof,

or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Money lo levied and collected for that Purpose For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences; may it please your moult Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, £3 C

"The Vestries of the two Parishes to meet Yearly in St. Margaret's Vestry Room, and appoint the "Number of Watchmen and Bedels, and ascertain the Pound Rate for the Charge thereof, and in 14, "Days after choose the Watchmen and Bedels, and set down in Writing the Regulations agreed on. "A Copy of the Regulations, signed by the Vestry Clerk of each Parish, to be delivered to each Con "The Watchmen, in the Absence of the Constable, may apprehend Night walkers, C "appointed a Collector, on refuting to atto forfeit 10l. The Assessment, on Payment re "to be levied by Distress. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions. The Assessment not to exceed 6d. in the Pound. No Person paying the Assessment, or chosen a Bedel or "Watchman, to gain thereby a Settlement. Collectors to account Yearly on 20 July, ca Book "of Receipts and Disbursements, signed at St. Margaret's Vestry by zo August Yearly, to be kept by' "the Vestry Clerk, and inspected without Fee. On Neglect of St. john's Vestry to meet and act "jointly, St. Margaret's Vestry may make such Assessments separately. If a Division of the said Pa "shall be made, the Vestries of each separately to execute this Act. No Person paying the Af "liable to the Watch or Ward."

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for. repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the assessments for the Repairing and Cleansing the Streets therein.

The Act 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. against Forgery, Perjury, C revived, and made perpetual.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, the said Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be and is hereby revived and made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the above-mentioned Act, made in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, shall be and is hereby 'continued, and shall be in Force, from

Act 5

C 3q. 1 nued,

2i2 C ig, 20. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

t Fartj cr con" the Time therein limited for the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, which Cea 2.i57. shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and from thence to the 8.' End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

and farther by 31 Geo. 2.. 35. id 29 Sept. 1764.

The Act 1 Geo. '

III. And whereas by a Clause in an act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of his i. c. 52. for' late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing ihe High

hw's the ways more cffelkial, the justices of the Peace in any City or Market Town (not having already parti

extendetto eular Provision made for them therein by any former Law) or the major Part of them, at their Ge

Market Towns. ' neral or Quarter Sessions, are empowered to appoint a Scavenger or Scavengers for cleansing the Streets,

and to order the Repairing such Streets therein, as they shall judge necessary; and for defraying the Charges thereof, to order an Assessment or Assessments, not exceeding sixpence in the Pound in one

Year, to be equally made upon all and every the Occupiers or Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in such Cities; and whereas Market Towns are omitted in the latter Part of the said Clause; ' Be it therefore enacted, That the said Clause, and all the Powers therein contained or mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to extend to Market Towns (not having already particular Provision made for them therein by any former Law) as well as Cities, as if the same had been in the said Clause particularly named and mentioned.

Ctnctrmngjiirh

utiays Jet farther, 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. 1; Geo. 2. e. z. i6 Co, 2. C 29. 18 Geo. 2. c. 33. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 24 Gi -. z. C 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 23' of 30. 2" Geo. 2. c. 17. 30 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

PR.

Preamble, Tyf

WHEREAS the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the nighttime within the y, Parish of Saint Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, is of great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to

prevent, as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, C and other Outrages and Disorders: whereas by the Laws now in being no effectual Provision is made for the establishing, ordering or well governing of such a Nightly Watch, or for levying or collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Money, so levied and collected for that Purpose: whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Bedels employed within the said Parish, for want of a ' proper Regulation and Government of them, have been of great Charge and little Use to the said Parish, and the Methods hitherto practised of raising Moneys for maintaining and paying the said Be 4 dels, have been also precarious and unwarrantable; 'For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, CV

The Vestry to meet on 3 May, and 3 Nov. Yearly, and appoint the Number of Watchmen and Be "and set down in Writing the Orders agreed on for regulating the Watch. Transcripts of the re Regulations, sv. signed by the Vestry Clerk, to be delivered to each Constable. The Watchmen in the Absence of the Constable may apprehend night walkers, lac. The Charges to be paid by an half yearly Assessment. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next General Quarter sessions, whole Order to be final. The Assessment not to exceed 6 d. per Pound. No Person paying the said af- feffment, or chosen a Bedel or Watchman, to gain thereby a Settlement. No hired Servant capable of being chosen a Bedel or Watchman. Collectors of the Assessment to account to the Vestry on 26 44 July Yearly, or oftener if required. Yearly Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements to be adjusted and signed at a Vestry by 20 August, and lodged with the Vestry Clerk. Persons paying the said Rates discharged from the Watch or Ward."

CAP. XX.

An act for the better Enlightening the Streets of the City of London.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that many and frequent Murders, Robberies, Burglaries, Felonies, and other Crimes of a heinous Nature, have been and are frequently

Amended act in part repealed

committed in the Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the City of London and the Liberties thereof in the bp Gee. z. 4 Night Season; Commission of which Crimes has in a great Measure been owing to the insufficient f, 29' 4 Manner in which the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts of the said City have for some Years past

been, and at this present Time are lighted by the Proprietors of the Convex Lights: And whereas the Citizens of London are desirous to have the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts thereof enlightened in a better and more effectual Manner, as well for their own as for the common Safety and Benefit of all other Persons whose Affairs oblige them to pass and repass through the same;

and in order to effect so good a Work the said Citizens have contented and agreed to raise the Money necessary for that Purpose by a reasonable Tax and Assessment on the Inhabitants of the said City, in such Manner as herein after is expressed: forasmuch as the same cannot be effectually done but by the Aid and assistance of an at of Parliament; May it please your Majesty (at the humble Petition and Desire of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, in Common Council assembled) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent

213 A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 20.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such a convenient and ciafs Lamps sufficient Number of Glass Lamps, of such Sort and Fashion, and put up in such Parts and Places to be pat up in of the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, as to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty inp'^the of the said City, in Common Council assembled, shall seem meet and expedient, shall be with all con Directions of venient Speed erected and fixed to or near any House or Building, Place or Places whatsoever within the Lord the said City or Liberties thereof, and the same shall be kept lighted and burning from sun setting to sun rising throughout the Year. tti from Sun

il. And, for defraying the feld Expense of buying and ere sling of such Lamps or Lights, and also setting to Sun the yearly Charges or supplying, maintaining and repairing the same, the following Rates and afteff Illing* ments shall be laid and raised on the several Inhabitants of the said City and the Liberties thereof, annually and each Year, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; that is to say,

For each and every House, the Rent whereof is under ten Pounds per Annum, and the Inhabitant yearly Rates.

whereof is charged to Church and Poor, any Sum not exceeding leven Shillings per Annum.

For each and every House of the yearly Rent of ten Pounds or upwards, and under twenty Pounds,

any Sum not exceeding twelve Shillings per Annum.

'for each and every House of the yearly Rent of twenty Pounds or upwards, and under thirty Pounds, any Sum not exceeding fourteen Shillings per Annum.

For each and every House of the yearly Rent of thirty Pounds or upwards, and under forty Pounds

any Sum not exceeding sixteen Shillings per Annum.

And for each and every House of the yearly Rent of forty Pounds or upwards, any Sum not ex

twenty. Shillings per Annum.

III. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings (Hospitals excepted) should be

taxed and assessed in a due Proportion towards the better Lighting the said City and the Liberties

thereof; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and St. paul's ca for the Alderman of the Ward of Castle Baynard, with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Com '^{her pub -- mon Councilmen, or the Majority of them, at his and their Discretions, and they are hereby required lick Euilding;, Yearly and every Year, to tax and assess the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul; and also for the Alder 10 be yearly man of each respective Ward where such other public Buildings respectively do stand, and are situate, air "sd'

by and with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Common Councilmen, or the Majority of them, at his and their Discretions, and they are hereby required yearly and every Year, to tax and assess all Parish Churches, churchyards, Chapels, meeting houses, Schools, Halls, Markets, ware houses, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, situate, (landing and being within their respective Wards, towards the erecting, supplying, maintaining and repairing the Lights' aforesaid. Regard being by them always had to the Number of Lamps which shall be found necessary for the lighting the same.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Dean and Chapter of the ca by whom thedral Church of Saint Paul for the time being, and all and every the respective churchwardens and ^ents^ofce chapel wardens of the several Parish Churches and Chapels, and respective head Officers, Mailers, pnid. Wardens and Governors of all meeting houses, publick halls, Schools, and the Occupiers or Proprietors of all other public Buildings and Places within the said City and Liberties thereof respectively,

fronting or adjoining to any of the said public Streets, Lanes, public Places and passages of the said.

City and Liberties thereof, and the Farmers or Occupiers of all and every the Markets within the City and Liberties thereof, shall and they respectively are hereby charged with and required to pay the respective Rates and assessments which shall from time to time be so rated and assessed upon the said respective Buildings and Places pursuant to this ah

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if the said Dean and Chapter of Saint Paid shall On what Con'

at their own Cost and Charge cause the Fence round the said Cathedral to be duly lighted with nt., ona)1h!ecll. Lamps of the same Sort, and at and for the same Time, and in a proportionable Number, and from Pad

time to time keep the said Fence so lighted in the same Manner as by this Act ought to be done in the to be excelled, other Parts of Saint Paul's churchyard (which the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen from time

to time are hereby empowered to determine) that then and so long as they continue to light the said Fence as is hereby directed, no Rate or aftefl ment shall be laid on the said Cathedral Church by virtue of the Powers hereby granted; anything in this at contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding _ '

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in case any Person or Persons llall think The Decffica

him, her or theiyiselves aggrieved by such Tax and Assessment as aforesaid, it shall and may be the Lord

lawful for them respectively, within the Space of twenty Days after such Tax or Assessment shall Aldermandor be laid, to appeal to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, whose Decision shall be final and Appeals) to be conclusive' '

VII. And wherers there are several Pieces of void Ground and spacious Places belonging to the said City lying within the same or liberties thereof, where no Inhabitants are or can be properly The city

chargeable as aforesaid, and which nevertheless ought to be well and sufficiently lighted Be it fur Chamberlain

there enacted by the Authority aforehid, That the Chamberlain of the said City of Lender, for the Ground and time being, shall at the Cost and Charges of the said City pay such Taxes and assessments as shall appeal to the be laid and rated for the due lighting of such void Ground and Places, where no Inhabitants are or l'>rd Mayar,

can C

214 C 20.

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

The Merman of the Ward, S; C to appoint Collectors.

bnd how to account.

can be properly charged, according to the Discretion of the Alderman, Deputy, and majority of the Common Councilmen of each Ward, within which such void Grounds and Places arefituate and comprised as aforesaid, Regard being by them always had to the Number of Lamps necessary for the due lighting of the same; and in case the said Chamberlain shall think the said City aggrieved by such Tax or Assessment, he shall and may in Behalf of the said City within the Space of twenty Days after such Tax or Assessment shall be laid, appeal to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid, whose Determination shall be final.

VIII. And to the end that the several Rates and Assessments herein before mentioned may be fully and completely raised and paid for the Purposes aforesaid without Expense, See or Reward, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for each Alderman in his Ward, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Common Counciltnen, or the majority of them, immediately to nominate, elect and empower two or more substantial and responsible Inhabitants of and belonging to each Ward, to ask, collecft and receive the several Rates or Assessments herein before granted and made payable by each Inhabitant of such Wards as aforesaid, which Collectors shall continue in that Office until new ones shall be chosen in the Wardmote, which shall be held for the Choice of other Ward Officers on or near Saint nomas's Day next ensuing

Collectors when such Nomination and Appointment; at which Time the said Collectors first chosen shall and they are hereby required to bring in their Accounts to the Alderman of the said Ward at the Wardmote, in which they shall specify and express the several Sums of Money by them received, and give in a List of such Persons as shall have neglected or refused to pay the Rates and Assessments lb laid on them as aforesaid, that the same may be recovered and levied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

IX. And to the Intent that there may never be wanting a sufficient Number of Persons duly qualified to collect the Rates and Assessments hereby granted and made payable, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Deputy and Common Councilmen of each Ward shall at each Wardmote to be held upon or near Saint thomas's Day for the Choice of Ward Officers, return the Names and Places of Abode of six or more substantial Inhabitants of each Ward, out of which two or more (according to the Extent of the Ward) shall be chosen and appointed at the said Wardmote to be Collectors for the Year ensuing, and be there sworn to the true and faithful Execution of their Office before the presiding Officer at the Wardmote, who is hereby empowered to administer the said Oath; and in case any Person or Persons so chosen shall neglect or refuse to take upon him or them the said Office, or duly to execute the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he or they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and (till continue liable to be chosen into the said Office again the Year following; and in case of his or their Refusal, shall be again liable to the like Penalty, and so toties quoties.

X. And to the Intent that responsible Persons may be chosen and appointed Collectors in each Ward, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Collecftor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Assessments, shall imbezil, make away with, detain or misapply any Sum or Sums of Money so collected by him or them for the Uses aforesaid, the same shall be again rated and laid on the Inhabitants of each Ward, and collected and levied by a Reassessment on all the Inhabitants, in Proportion to what they had or ought to have paid.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Inhabitant of the said City of London, or any other Person or Persons hereby intended to b charged and rated towards defraying the Expense of lighting the said City as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay and discharge such Rates and Assessments, as he, she or they shall be charged with, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, after such Rates and Assessments shall respectively be demanded, that then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and every or any of them, by Warrant obtained under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or of the Alderman of the Ward where such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay shall inhabit or be chargeable (which Warrant the said Lord Mayor or such Alderman is hereby authorised and required to grant) to take and distrain the Goods and Chattles of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to sell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall be, after having deducted the reasonable Charges of such Distress, to the Owner or such Goods and Chattles demanding the same.'

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assessments aforesaid shall collect the same half yearly, and pay the Money into the Chamber of the City of London, as he or they shall receive the same, in such Manner that such Collector or Collectors shall never have a Sum exceeding fifty Pounds so collected at one Time in his or their Hands by the Space of ten Days; and if such Collector or Collectors shall keep and retain in his and their Hands more than the said Sum of fifty Pounds longer than ten Days, lie and they shall.respectively forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence (which said Penalty shall be recovered and levied as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered and levied) and on Payment of every such Sum of Money into the Chamber of the said City of London such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same from the said Chamberlain or one of his Clerks, in which Receipt shall be specified and expressed the Name of such Collector and Collectors, the Sum paid, and the Name of the Ward wherein the Money hath been collected; and the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the time being, or such of his Clerks as shall be by him for that Purpose appointed, shall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required to give such Receipt without Fee or Reward; and such Receipts shall by the Collector and Collectors be produced to the Alderman of the Ward at the Time he fe.tles and adjusts his

yearly

The Deputy and Common Councilmen to return six Inhabitants, out of which the Collectors are to be chosen. 30 1. Penalty on Collectors refusing to act.

A reafleff ment to be made, in case of imbezil ment.

Distress on Nonpayment.

Who to grant the Warrant for Distress.

assessment to be collected half yearly.

The Forrp of the chambfr L mo Receipts.

2i5

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 20.

yearly Account; and hall by the said Alderman be taken and allowed as a full and sufficient Discharge for all and every such Sum and Sums of Money such Collectors or Receivers shall have received and paid into the Chamber of the City of London as aforesaid.

XIII. And to the end that the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments for the Purposes aforesaid may the more effectually, be enforced, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Free Fraemen not man of London liable to pay the said Rates and Assessments, who shall have neglected or refused to pay the paying the said said Rates and Assessments to the Person or Persons authorised and empowered to collect and receive the same, or shall have desired to be excused from paying such Rates and Assessments, shall be under the same from voting at Incapacity of voting at Elections within the said Gity of London, as any Person or Persons now is or are Elections, who do not pay their Scot or Lot to the several yearly Rates and Taxes to which the Citizens of London are at this Time or shall hereafter become liable.

XIV. And to the Intent that no Monopoly in lighting the said City and Liberties thereof be for the time to come attempted, whereby the Expense thereof will be greatly enhanced, and the Work not sufficiently

performed; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each Alderman, by and with the The Alderman Advice and Consent of his Deputy and the majority of his Common Councilmen, shall and may, and e, ob^tarraa he is hereby required, authorised and empowered to contrail; and agree for the Number of Lamps northeast for retting up, cessary to be erected and setup in and for his Ward, and the Charge thereof, on Polls or Irons, as he and trimming shall think bed to order, and shall be most effectual for the Purposes hereby intended; and also that jj, lor each such Alderman, with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, shall and may contrail with any '

Person or Persons for the lighting, trimming, snuffing, cleansing, supplying, maintaining and rebut such C repairing such Number of Lamps as shall be necessary for his Ward; provided nevertheless, that such t, "anotto Contrail be made for the Space of one whole Year and no longer at one Time, and shall not exceed exceed the such Sum for each Lamp, as shall be directed and ordered by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in byth^ma^r1 Common Council assembled, in case they shall think ht to settle and direct the same. sjc.

XV. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Alderman, De No a)dcrman puty or Common Councilman, during his Continuance in such Office, or any Person or Persons in Trust to be in for him, them or any of them, shall be concerned or interested in any Contrail or otherwise, for light terefled in such ing the said City or any Part thereof, or for providing and fixing any of the said Lamps, Polls or Contraa>< Irons, or other Materials necessary thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the said City of The clum_ London for time being, shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and required to pay all and Angular berlain to pay the Orders or Draughts on him to be made by the Alderman of each Ward, with the Advice of his De an Draughts puty, and the Majority of the Common Councilmen of each Ward respectively, in discharge of such the°alde Contract or Contracts they shall or may respectively enter into, as well for providing and erecting, man of the as for lighting, trimming, snuffing, cleansing, supplying, maintaining and repairing the Lamps within Ward, C each and Angular the Wards of the said City. And also, that he the said Chamberlain for the time and enter them being shall and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries in a Book to be for that distinctly in a Purpose by him provided, of all and Angular the Receipts and Payments he shall make on the Ac book count of lighting the said City as aforesaid, distinguishing each Ward under dillindl Heads; to which to be inspected Book every Citizen of London shall and may have free Access in Office Hours, and shall be per without Fee, mitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and also that the Chamberlain for the time being shall have the said Account audited and passed in the same Manner and by the same Persons who are now appointed or shall be appointed to audit the Accounts of the Chamberlain of the said City of London.

XVII. And whereas several evil disposed Persons have broken and may wilfully and maliciously break and dellroy the Lamps hung out in the Streets of this City; 'Now to prevent the like malicious Practises for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person penalty on or Persons shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and maliciously thirty gx, wilfully or maliciously break, throw down or extinguish any Lamp that is or shall be bra, kn"phinr hung out or setup to light the Streets, or wilfully damage the Polls, Irons or other Furniture thereof, thelamps?'*'; every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of London, shall for the Aril Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, CX tinguished or otherwise damaged, and for the feeond Offence the Sum of fifty Shillings, and for the third Offence the Sum of three Pounds, to be recovered and levied in such Manner as in this Act is mentioned.

XVIII. And whereas it is impossible to ascertain the exact Expence which may accrue to the said of London, in providing, supplying and maintaining such Lights as aforesaid, as well from the Alteration in the Price of Oil and other Materials, as from other unforeseen Accidents and Cafuahies which may happen; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That if at the Expiration of seven Years it Surplus Wo shall be found that any Surplus shall have arisen from the Money collected by virtue of this at, over "p3 and above what shall have been issued and applied in pursuance hereof, for the finding, supplying b/disposej'of, and maintaining such Lights as aforesaid, such Surplus Money shall remain in the Chamber of the said City of London, to be applied either in Aid of the Orphans Fund, or in Abatement or Diminution of future Assessments for the Purposes of this at, or to be otherwise disposed of to or for the Life and Benefit of the Citizens of London, as they by any Act of Common Council shall direct and appoint.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Hew in, wh.n Council assembled, shall and they are hereby empowered and required at a Court of Common Council the a&oments. to be held, as soon as conveniently may be after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven are to be made.

hundred

III

i

?). Penalty on Collators refuting to account at the wardmote on or near St. thomas's Day.

Warrants of Dirt refs how 3 in( by whom to be granted.

The Manner of determining and levying pecuniary Penalties.

Sower of mitigating the said Pena! tics.

quarter sessions finally to determine Appeals.

tp cnalties how Co be applied.

limitation of /ictuns.

General Wu.

C 20. Anno liono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

hundred and thirty-six, to order and appoint a Rate and Assessment to be made pursuant to the Powers hereby granted and given, to commence on the twenty-fifth Day of March preceding, and to continue till the twenty-fifth Day of December following; and that the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall yearly and every Year between the first Day of January and the last Day of February order and hired what Rates and Assessments shall be made on the Inhabitants for the Purposes aforesaid, which Assessment shall be for one whole Year, commencing the twenty-fifth Day of December preceding the said Order.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Collectors shall neglect or refuse to bring in his and their Accounts to the Alderman of the Ward at the Wardmote held on or near Saint thomas's Day, he or they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and in like Manner the same Sum of five Pounds for every twenty Days he or they detain the said Account, to be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means as herein after in this Act is mentioned.

XXI. And to prevent as much as may be any Deficiency happening in the collecting the Rates and affeaments aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors of all and every the Wards of the said City shall and he and they are hereby required in Cases of Refusal or Nonpayment of the fereral Rates and Assessments aforesaid within thirty Days after the respective Rates and Assessments shall become due, to apply to the Lord Mayor for the time being, or to the Alderman of the respective Wards where such Refusal or non payments shall happen, for a Warrant to difirain for the said Rate and Assessment, and shall take care to execute or cause the same to be duly executed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor for the time being, or any two or more Justices of the Peace for the City of Leaden, to hear and determine any of the Offences which are made subject to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties directed to be levied by this Act; and such Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required upon any Informations exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf within ten Days after such Offence committed, to fumraon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side, and after Oath of the Commission of any of the Fads above-mentioned by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party offending in the said City of London, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing, upon the Proof of Notice given, to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses on Oath (which Oath they.are hereby authorised, empowered and required to administer) to give such Judgement, Sente. ce or Determination, as shall be just and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act. And where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by View of the said Justices, or any of them, or upon such Information as aforesaid, or on Confession of the Party accused, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to issue Warrant or Warrants for the levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods and Chattles of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in cale they shall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any there be; and in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted in pursuance of this Act: of breaking, throwing down or extinguishing any Lamp to be hung or setup as aforesaid, and no Goods or Chattles of any Persons so offending can at the Time of such Conviction be found, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties shall be paid.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices of the Peace from time to time, where they see cause, to mitigate, compound or lefien any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties as they in their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation do not extend to te mit above one Moiety of the Penalties inflicted and diteded to be levied by this Act; and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Persons offending respectively, for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so lessened, mitigated or remitted.

XXIV. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied in the Judgement of the said Justices, then such Person or Persons shall and may by virtue of tills Ad complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next Quarter sessions to be held for the said City of London, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case of Conviction to issue Warrant or Warrants for levying and compelling by such Means as aforesaid the Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties to be levied by virtue of this Act shall Le paid and applied in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform and foe for the same, and the other Moiety to the Alderman of the Ward where such Offence shall be committed, to be by him paid over into the Chamber of London, to be accounted for and applied as Part of the Fund for providing and maintaining such Lights within the said City as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, that in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in Losidon, and not eli ewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the

Plaintiff

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 21-23. il

Plantiff 01 Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and nave such Remedy for the same as any De Treble Costs, fendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad Public ao. judged and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same. ljgcc.t/t./g,

CAP. XXI.

An Act for repairing the Highways from Sunning Lane End, next Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn in Reading iceo.i. e,

in the County of Berks.

PR.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gainsburgh in the County of Lincoln. PR. See 14 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for Licensing the

Retalers thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the drinking of Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters is become very common, especially among the People of lower and inferior Rank, the constant and excessive Use whereof jr^repeaieitby tends greatly to the Destruction of their Healths, rendering them unfit for useful Labour and Business, ^Geo. 1. C 8.

debauching their Morals, and inciting them to perpetrate all Manner of Vices; and the ill Confe

C quences or the excessive Use of such Liquors are not confined to the present Generation, but extend

to future Ages, and tend to the Devaluation and Ruin of this Kingdom: 'For Remedy whereof may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after a^gr pp er^'n the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, to retale distiued no Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume, by him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Spirituous LI persons whatsoever employed by him, her or them, or for his, her or their Benefit, to sell or retale any guors of any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aqua Vita, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors, or bort'

Strong Waters, unmixed, or mixed with themselves or any other Ingredients, and by whatsoever Name.

ot Names they are or may be called, publicly or privately, in any less Quantity than two Gallons, San gausw without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, as is herein after directed, within ten Days at least before he, she or they shall sell, or offer to sell, or retale the same, for which he, she or they shall immediately upon taking out thereof pay down for the same the Sum of fifty Pounds in Manner follow wit!l0ut a.,: n, ing; that is to say. If such Licence be taken out within the Limits of the Penny Pod, then the same down 501. for 3 shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or at any other Place, and to such Persons as his Ma Licence, at the jesty's Commissioners for the Duties of Excise for the time being shall appoint to receive the same; and londoi?^nnm that such Persons as by the said Commissioners shall be appointed, are hereby empowered to deliver such the Limit; of the Licences to any such Person or Persons upon his, her or their paying down for the same the aforesaid Penny lost; Sum of fifty Pounds at the Time of taking out thereof; but if such such Licence shall betaken out if without those without the Limits aforesaid, then the same shall be paid by all and every the Persons so taking out such ex cife'offlce^ Licence at the Office of Excise next adjoining to the Place where he, she or they respectively reside or next adjoining inhabit, or at any other Place, and to such Persons, as his Majesty's Commissioners for the Duties of to the Person5? Excise for the time being shall appoint to receive the same; and such Persons as by the said Commissioners dence.of reu" shall be appointed, are hereby empowered to deliver such Licences to any such Person or Persons, upon his, her or their paying down for the same the aforesaid Sum of fifty Pounds at the Time of taking out thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, that shall take belie]yeo^u_to out such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence ten Days at least be newfngthvli fore the Expiration of twelve Months after the taking out of the first Licence, before he, she or they do cence every presume or offer to sell any such Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than two Gallons, and in the the^x same Manner to renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of fifty Pounds for piration of the each and every new or renewed Licence, at the Places, and at the Times before mentioned; and if any old one.

Person or Persons shall presume or offer to sell or retale any of the said Spirituous Liquors in any Ids'"qr1jj^nna!t>' Quantity than aforesaid, without taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, as in Man without such ner aforesaid, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for Licence and each Offence. C. 6

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all such Spirituous Liquors, or 24 Geo'. t. c'. Strong Waters, by whatever Name or Names they are or may be called, as any Person or Persons re os per Gallon taling them, or any of them, in any less Quantity than aforesaid, or any Person or Persons in Trust for uquometakd5 him, her_or them, or for his, her or their Use or Benefit, shall be possessed of, or interested in, upon after29sept, the said wenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, or at any Time af 1736> to be ter, there shall be raised and paid unto your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, a Duty after the Rate there

Vol. VI F f of 3 "'

218 c. 23.

Anno 110110 Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

7'hefe Duties repealed 16 Geo. 2. c. 3.

Such Liquors

of twenty Shillings for every Gallon thereof, and in that Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity, to be paid by the respective Retailers thereof, over and above all other Duties charged and chargeable on the same.

IV. And, for die better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying and securing the Rates and Duties by this at imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein, be it further enacted by the Authority aforei aid, That such of the said Rates and Duties' by this Act granted, as are

land toe c*larsec* upon such Spirituous Liquors as shall be retaled in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon under the Ma Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management" of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's nagement of the Revenue of Excise in England for the time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties as are impaled o°excift°ners^t^lls Ad upon such Spirituous Liquors as shall be retaled in Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Those in Scot Management of the Commissioners and Offices of the Excise in Scotland for the time being; which said land, under the several and respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, shall be his Majesty's Com commissioners mi(sioners far granting such Licences for retaling such Spirituous Liquors; and the said respective commissioner of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties and by the Licences for the Sale thereof herein before mentioned (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer dillinctly and apart from all other, lilnfliy from ail.branches of the public Revenues, subject and liable to the Uses and purposes herein after men other public dolled.

Revenues. V nd jt fl]rt]ier enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act the Act 12 made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act Rinf aw?or'he" for iani away the Court of jfards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knight Service, and Pur'

of Excise there.

All Moneys a rising by these Duties and Licences to be paid into the Exchequer, di

Court of Wards veyance^ and settling a reve?iue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in Force relating and Liveiics, to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, as are provided, settled or efta uievstdatine to bhihed for managing, levying, raising, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Excise on the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Pro ale, C to be villous are prescribed by this Act) shall be exercised, applied, used and put in Execution in and for the covering the fe6" tnanaging, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the -'° Duties upon the said Spirituous Liquors by this Act granted, as' fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and that one Moiety of the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act granted, shall go and be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, who after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, shall sell or offer to sell or retale any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, by whatever Name or Names they are or may

office erf6ex C. 3e ca^ec^ any Ids Quantity than two Gallons, shall, at least ten Days before he, she or they shall

cite, Cio Days fell or effi er to fed by Retale any such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, make a true and particular Entry in Writing of all Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Rooms or other Places whatsoever, by him, her or them respectively used, or intended to be used for the laying, keeping, or retaling any of the said Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, at the riext Office of Excise within the Limits wherein such Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Rooms or Places shall be situated, and also of all Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, by whatever Name or Names they are or may be called, which at the Time of making such respective Entries, or which at any Time after, shall be in such Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Rooms, and other Places, and warehouse"&c. cvcry f them respectively; Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such ware and forfeiting house, Storehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Room, and other Place, which shall be so made use of by such with theli^n r r'eta er' an forty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, which shall anvcask5.1<1u0r be concealed, and not entered as herein is directed, together with all the Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters which shall be found therein, or concealed as aforesaid, and the Casks and other Vessels containing the same.

VII. And, for the better securing the Duties hereby granted, and preventing any Foreign Brandies, Strong Waters, or other Spirits, to be run into this kingdom; Be it further enacted by the Authority

any v/archouse, aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and n^tkftothe thirty-six, no Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Aqua Piter, Usquebaugh, or any other Spirituous Liquors, or Excise Officer, Strong Waters, by whatever Name or Names they are or may be called, shall be brought into any such and authentic Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Room, or other Place made Use of by any Retailer of Certificate, that ally Of tjle falc] Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, without first giving Notice thereof to the Officer tic utics iate o Excise of the Division. or Place where such Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Room or other Place in which such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters as aforesaid, are intended to be lodged, is situated, and producing to the said Officer, and leaving with him an authentic Certificate, that the Duties charged or chargeable by any Law now in being upon the said Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters have been actually paid, or that the lame have been condemned as forfeited, or were Part of the Stock of some Retailer of any of the said Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, of which an Account had been taken pursuant to this Act, and expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, the Name of the Seller, and at what Place the said Duties were paid, or the said Liquors condemned as aforesaid, or of

8 whose

Duties,

An Entry in Writing to be made of all Warehouses,

before retaling such Liquors,

on Penalty of 201. for each

No Spirituous Liquors to be brought into

been paid, C cn Penalty of 201.

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 23. 219.

whose Stock the same was Part; on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds, together with the said Liquors so brought in without such Notice and Certificate as aforesaid, with the Casks and all other vessels whatsoever containing the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth per Oat

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no Retailer of any such Spirituous Liquors increasink Sn"'or Strong Waters as aforesaid, shall make any Increase of such Liquors, after the same have been taken rituousltq uors, 'an Account of by an Officer or Officers for the said Duties hereby granted, by any private or clan after ihe ac destine Addition thereto of Water, or any other Liquors, oiv Pain of forfeiting the Sum of forty Shil 'hemby^h" °* lings for every Gallon of such Spirits, and Water, or other Liquors mixed as aforesaid; which Spi officer >hc rituous Liquors so mixed shall and may be seized and taken by the Officers of the said Duties for his liquors foru.it majesty's Use. Si"

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Officers of the Duties by this Act granted, or any of them, from time to time, and at all Times by tefwwsif«'

Day and by Night (but if in the nighttime in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the'.peace, C by dy or'

Oath being first made by any such Officer or other Person before any Justice of the Peace dwelling in Night, and tafle

or near such Place, of a probable Cause of suspecting the Concealment of any such Spirituous Liquors uqulrs?iere

therein) to enter into all and every the said Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Rooms, or found.

other Places made use of by any Retailer of any such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters as aforesaid, for

keeping the same, and by tasting, gauging or otherwise, to take an Account of the Quantity or Quality

of all such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, as hall at any Time be in their or any of their Custody

; and if any such Retailer as aforesaid hall hinder or refute the said Officer or Officers to enter into his, her or their Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Rooms and other Places, or any of soi. Penalty on

them, to take such Account as aforesaid, or shall let, hinder or obstruct the said Officer or Officers in obstructing the

the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given to him or them, the Per prin h's

son or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

X. And whereas many Persons concerned in Trades, who employ great Numbers of Journeymen,

Workmen, Servants, Labourers, and other Artificers, deal in Spirituous Liquors, and retale the same at excessive Rates to Persons working under them Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, janted^per no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for selling by Retale any Spirituous fons keeping Liquors or Strong Waters whatsoever, except to such Persons only who shall keep public Victualling viguatting houses, Inns, coffee houses, ale houses, or brandy shops, and use or exercise no other Trade what "n'ljr"ns' soever; and if such Licencesshall be granted, the same are hereby declared void to all Intents and Purposes,

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hall, from and af Persons paying ter the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, agree or con 2rttlcjr traeff with any Journeyman, Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person employed by or working wages^m s pi underlie, or them respectively, in Manner following; that is to say, If such Master, Mistress, or rituous Liquors, other Person or Persons, shall agree to pay such Journeyman, Workman, Servant, Labourer, or othep^rymfj; 1 Person employed by or working under him, her or them, or under his, her, or their Direction, so much Money for Wages, and such a Quantity of Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, as together

with such Money shall amount to the Value or the Wages as shall be ordinarily and usually paid for the Work such Journeyman, Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person, shall be employed in, or hall set off, stop or deduct, all or any Part of the Wages or Hire due to such Journeyman, Work, ol manservant or Labourer, for any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters delivered to them by him, her "or them, or any other Person, such Person or Persons, so offending, shall be deemed a Retailer within cult"7^ovu the Meaning of this at, and shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds over and above his whole all other the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this A!; and such Journeyman, Workman, Servant, Wages, not labourer, or other Person, shall be entitled to his or her whole Wages, notwithstanding any such agree meat, setting off, Bopping, or deducing, and shall have the like Remedy in Law for the lame, as if all mentor any Part of such Wages were not paid.

XII. Provided always, That this Act hall net extend to any Physicians, Apothecaries, Surgeons, or Spirituous LI

Chemists, as to any Spirits or other Spirituous Liquors, which they may use in the Preparation or ma $unfod^nbe king up of Medicines for Sick, Lame, or Distempered Persons only. Medicines.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Iol Penal B ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no' Person or Persons shall hawk, fell hawking Spi: expose to sale any Brandy, Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, by whatever Name or Names rituous Liquors they are or may be called cr distinguished, about the Streets, Highways, or Fields, in any Wheelbarrow. p; e^ss&c.ets' or Basket, or upon the Water in any Ship, Boat or Vessel, or in any other Manner whatever, or shall sell or expose the same to sale on any Bulk or Bulks, Stall or Stalls, or in any Shed or Sheds, or on or F geo 2 ci26 in any other Place or Places, aether than in such Place or Places as are herein before in this Act mention 17 Geo. a. c.j;. ed or allowed, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds; and it shall vj6 and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, i4geo'i % C Division, City or Liberty respectively, wherein such Offence shall be committed, on his or their own Viewr, or on confeltion of the Party, or by Proof on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses made of such Offence, to convict any Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons so offending and convicted, final! immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of ten Pounds into the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of

F f? the

The Offender, on not paying the Penalty, to be sent to the House of correction lor 2 Months.

10 Geo. C 17. §9-

Retalers of Spirituous Liquors to be licensed by 2 or more Justices.

See for such Licence,

C

23«

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

Any Justice may convict a Person selling Beer, Ale, or Strong Waters, or keeping a disorderly House, in the following Form,

the Pari sit where such Offence shall be committed, or one of them; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid shall and may by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of - Correction for the said County, City, or Liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment; and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said Sum of ten Pounds, or until the Expiration of the said two Months; and every Sum or Sums of Money arising from the Conviction of any Person or Persons as aforesaid, in case there be no Informer, shall be wholly applied to the Use of the Poor of the parish, witereinthe Offence was committed; but if there shall be an Informer, one Moiety of such Money shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Overseers and Churchwardens as aforesaid, or one them, and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to enable any Person or Persons to sell any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters by Retale, unless such Person or Persons be first licensed by two are more of his Majesty' Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, wherein such Person or Persons shall sell the said Liquors, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices; which Licence or Licences the Sum of twro Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerks of such Justices, and no See or Sum of Money, or other Reward whatsoever, to the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace for entering the same, or on any other Account, on Pain of forfeiting five Pounds, in case any of the said Justices Clerks or any Clerk of the Peace shall ask, receive or demand any more or other See or Fees on Account of such Licences, under any Pretence whatsoever; if the Licence is not found and provided by the said Justices Clerks, then no Fee whatsoever shall be due or received by them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more easy and expeditious suppressing the Houses of such Persons who shall presume to sell any Spirituous Liquor, or any Cyder, Ale, Beer, or other Liquors by Retale, without a Licence from two or more Justices of the Peace for that Purpose, and of disorderly Houses wherein any Persons shall sell any of the said Liquors by Retale, it shall be sufficient for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall convict any Person or Persons of any or either of the said Offences, to draw up and return such Conviction in either of the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis., that is to say,

Middlesex "B. is convicted on his or her own Confession (or on the Oath of)

"of having sold Beer, Ale, or Strong Waters in the Parish of in this

"County, on the Day of without being duly licensed "

"by two Justices of the Peace."

Given under my (or our) Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) this Day of

or in case of disorderly Houses, instead of the Words of having sold Beer, Ale, or Strong tvaters without being duly licensed thereto by two Justices of the Peace] to use the Words following of keeping a disorderly House] and if Occasion requires, to add, that the same is the Fit ft. Second, or Third Convitiion; which said Convictions, in the same or like Form of Words, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient for want of any other Form of Words whatsoever, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty, where such Offence was committed, after such Conviction, by any Party aggrieved thereby.

Persons giving

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty llquorspto Southeast s nint^ Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, if any Person or Persons, who shall vants or ap vend, sell or utter any Wares, Goods, Provisions, or other Things by Retale, shall give away any prentices fetch Spirituous Liquor or Liquors to any Servant or Apprentice coming to his, her or their Shops or Houses their Shops, m to etc or carry away any such Wares, Goods, Provisions, or other Things, or under the Predeemed Re tence of his or her being a Customer, or under any other Pretence, every such Person or Persons, so talers. giving away such Spirituous Liquor or Liquors, shall be deemed and taken to be a Retailer or Retailers of

Spirituous Liquors within the Meaning or this Act, and as such shall be subject and liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures imposedby this Action every Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

The said Duties

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties and Revenues which theaggregate arse W Licences for vending Brandy or Spirits, as also the present Duties on Low Wines, Strong Fund. S b Waters, Brandy, Rum, Arrack, and all other Spirits, whether Foreign or British, and such Duties as shall arise by retaling the same, shall from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be united to and made Part of the General or Aggregate Fund established by the Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and be issued and applied to the Uses to which the said Fund is or shall be made applicable.

XVIII. And whereas the said Duties upon Low Wines, Strong Waters, Brandy, Rum, Arrack,

and all other Spirits, whether Foreign or British, are amongst other Duties and Revenues charged with

and liable to pay several Sums of Money, as well for the Support of his Majesty's Household and Fa ' mily, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, as for Payment of Annuities and other Payments to

several Corporations, and to other Persons entitled thereunto; and it may so happen, that by making

8 ' the

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II.

C 24.

221

the Alterations aforesaid in the said Duties, the Funds charged with the Payments aforesaid may prove deficient: And whereas by a Medium of eight Years, computed from the Time of his Majesty's hap

ccession to the Throne to Midsummer last past, the Sum of seventy thousand Pounds is taken to be

the Medium of the annual Produce of what has been applied of the Duties aforesaid to the Service of his majesty's Household and Family: To the end therefore that neither his Majesty, nor any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is or are, entitled to any Part, Snare, or Interest in the Money arising by the said Duties, may be Losers, or receive any Prejudice by the Alterations aforesaid; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, there shall be paid to his Majesty, during his na 70, 0ool. per tural Life (which God long preserve) out of the Moneys of the said General or Aggregate Fund, the Ann. to benaid Sum of seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, being the aforesaid Medium of what has annually been ap° this maie(ty plied of the Duties aforesaid towards the Service of his Majesty's Houshold anti Family and other i und.*C a' nis Expenses and Occasions, from his happy Accession to the Throne to Midsummer last: past

_ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Defi Deficiencies ciency shall happen upon any other the Funds, for which the said Duties were applicable, it shall pjj^'0 b. c. flip' and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to make good and supply the said Deficiency from time to time out of the said General or Aggregate Fund.

XX. And for the more esfy Discovery of Persons, who shall keep a Common ale house or Tippling Justices may house without Licence, or who shall presume to sell any Spirituous Liquors, or any Ale, Beer, Cyder, offi ers'to^ve6 Perry, or other Liquors by Retale, without such Licence or Licences as are by Law required for vending anaccountscn the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lawful to and for every Justice Oath touching or Justices of the Peace to summon or call before him or them any Excise Officer or Gauger within their s^rf^ou^li respective Divisions, and to examine the said Officer or Gauger upon Oath touching the Entry of any quors, C*Liquors, Ale, Beer, Cyder, or Perry, made by any Person suspected to sell the same without made by Per licence, and every Person making such Entry, shall be deemed a Seller of such Liquors so entered to all f Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been proved before such Justice or Justices by the Oath of two without lu Witnesses. cence.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth persons who Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, any Person or Persons, who have followed have exercised anu exercised the Art or Business of Distillation for seven Years last pastor have served, or on the dy^['r" soron twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand hundred and thirty-six, were serving any Apprenticeship to ls March 1736, the same, shall and may have full Liberty and Authority to exercise and follow any other Trade, were Appren art, Business, or Manufacture in any City, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain call fccjio', acned England, any Law, Charter, Grant, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Trade in any

xxli. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Adc contained shall extend to charge with any of City, C the Duties directed to be paid, levied or received, as aforesaid, any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, xhts^'a'notuj and retailed and consumed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which Spirits are commonly extend to Aqua called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the Kingdom, or to subject the Makers, Vitse retailed Sellers or Retailers thereof within that Part of the Kingdom to take such Licences as are herein before ?" d consumed

0 in bcotlana.

Concerning Spi

- Liquors

jg Geo. 2. c. 12. 20 Geo. 2. c. 39. 2, Gw> 4

directed.

see farther, 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2.

11 Geo. 2. r C II 31 Geo. 2

26. 15 Geo. 1. c. 23.

C 36. 31 Geo. 2. e.

16 Geo. 2. c. 8. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. 29, 33 Geo. 2. C9f 28.

40,

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalising her Royal Highness

the Princess of Wales.

WHEREAS the King's most Excellent Majesty (whom God long preserve) hath been graci Preamble, ously pleased, to the great Joy and Satisfaction of his People, and for the (Lengthening and securing of the Protestant Interest, to marry his eldest Son his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, who by following the Example of his Royal Father, is possessed of Virtues and Accomplishments, which render him worthy of his great Ancestors, to a Princess of the highest personal Merit, and of the Ancient and Illustrious House of Saxe Gotha, a Family remarkable for their exalted Virtues, and for their steady Adherence to the Protestant Religion: And whereas we are desirous upon this Occasion to express our just Sense of his Majesty's great Goodness to us, and our Esteem and Affection for this Excellent Princess, by rendering her capable of enjoying all our Rights and Privileges: And whereas by an Act passed in the rirft Year of his late Majesty King George, it was enacted, That no Person should csufein the be naturalised, unless in the Bill exhibited for that Purpose there be a Clause, or particular Words in i Geo. t. ferted, to declare, that such Person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Mem 5- 4. concerning ber of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, Kzatiotu*111" or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from the Crown, to himself, or any Person in Trust for him; and that no Bill of Naturalisation should from thenceforth be received in either House of Parliament, unless such Clause or Words be first inserted or contained therein; 'We therefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty. it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wfith the Advice and Consent

of

222 C 25. all110 nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

a Bill for na of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

ivinccftofnc the Authority o f the same, That a Bill for the Naturalisation of her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales Wales may be (without the Clause or particular Words directed by the said recited Act to be inserted) shall and may be

out inferline the e*l\ib'ted and brought into this Parliament; the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, Matter or

words directed Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding. by that Clause.

[Preamble,

After 19 Sept, 3736, the person appointed by the Consul, with the Majority of the Bmish Mer there, may receive' one Ryal Plate per Ducat for all Goods imported to Cadiz and Port Saint mary's, C

Matters of vessels, in iodays after Arrival, to deliver a true Manifest in Writing, on Oath, of their Cargoes.

Clearances Outward to be detained on Nonpayment,

CAP. XXV.

An Act the more equal paying, and better collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners, and distressed Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, in the Ports of Cadiz and Port Saint Mary's in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports.

WHEREAS it hath long been the Custom and Usage for the Consul appointed for his Majesty's Subjects trading to Cadiz and Port Saint Mary's, with the Majority of the British Merchants and Factors there, to receive certain small Sums, not exceeding [one Ryal Plate per Ducat, upon the Amount of the Freight of all Merchandise not paying Freight by the Tun, and two Ryals Plate per C 'Fun upon all Tunnage Goods imported in British or Irish Ships or Vessels; which Sums have been re eeived by Persons annually chosen as Treasurers for that Purpose, and applied by them for the Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners, and other distressed Persons his Majesty's Subjects, and for such other good and useful Purposes, as have been directed by the said Consul, with the Majority of the said Merchants and I*Factors: And whereas several Persons haverefufed to pay, or eluded the Payment of such Sums for the charitable Purposes aforesaid, which hath occasioned an unequal Charge upon others of his Majesty's ' Subjects trading to the said Ports: 'Now, in order to encourage and promote the good Ends and Purposes fb established, and to render the Contributions thereto more equal and certain, may it please your 1110ft Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, it shall be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Consul named for his Majesty's Subjects trading to the said Ports of Cadiz and Port Saint mary's for the time being, together with the Majority of the British Merchants and Factors there, to receive and recover from all Masters and other Chief Officers and Commanders of all British and Irish Ships or Vessels trading to the said Ports, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Ryal Plate per Ducat on the Freight of all Goods and Merchandise (except Tunnage Goods) imported into the said Ports in such Ships and Vessels; and on all Tunnage Goods, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two Ryals Plate per Tun; and all Bills of Lading of such Ships and Vessels, shall specify to pay the said Moneys accordingly, under the Denomination of Contribution, as by Act of Parliament, or to that Effect; and the Persons paying the same shall be reimbursed by their respective Freighters, or by the Persons to whom the said Goods and Merchandizes shall be consigned, or who shall receive the same; and in case the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall neglect to specify the Payment of the said Moneys in the Bill or Bills of Lading as aforesaid, he shall be answerable for the same; or in case no Bill of Lading shall appear, or no Freight or Tunnage be settled between the Owner or Owners of the Goods, and the Matter or Commander of any Britis % or Irish Ship or Vessel trading as aforesaid, then the Freight or Tunnage of such Goods or Merchandise shall be valued by two indifferent British) Merchants on the Place, one to be appointed by the Consul, and the other by the Master or Commander of such Ships or Vessels, within ten Days next after the unloading of the said Goods. And in case the two Persons so chosen shall not agree and award the same in three Days next after such Appointment, such two Persons shall then choose a. third Person, being a British) Merchant on the Place, as an Umpire, who shall decide and determine the said Valuation of Freight or Tunnage in three Days; and such Sums shall be paid in either Case for the Purposes aforesaid, as shall be agreeable to this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Masters, Commanders, or other Chief Officers of all British or Irish Ships or Vessels trading to the Ports of Cadiz and Port Saint alary's, and unloading and delivering the Ship or Vessel or any Part of the Cargoe there, shall, within ten Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel deliver to the Consul redding the re, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by him, a true Manifest in Writing upon Oath specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargoe of such Ships or Vessels so unloaded or delivered, or such Part thereof as shall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; which Oath such Consul or other Person or Persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer gratis.

III. And for better collecting the said Moneys herein before directed to be paid for the charitable and other public Uses aforesaid. Be it enacted, That the said Consul, or other Person or Persons appointed by him, in either of the said Ports of Cadiz or Port Saint mary's, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to detain the Clearances Outward of all British or Irijl) Ships and Vessels, and not give and deliver any Dispatch or Bill of Health for any such Ship or Vessel, until Payment be made as aforesaid; in case the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Moneys, shall at any Time think proper to depart without his said Clearances Outwards, in such Case the Consul shall, upon the Return of the said Matter or Commander to any Port of his

majesty's

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 26. 22^?

J

majesty's Dominions, have a just Action at Law against him for all the Money which by virtue of this Act ought to have been paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Moneys to be raised or received as aforesaid, shall be applied ^epm?n!esvof in the Manner above-mentioned; that is to say, To tile Succour and Relief of Shipwrecked ada raiseu. riners, and other distressed Persons his Majesty's Subjects, and to such other charitable and public

Uses, as shall from time to time be appointed by the Consul for the time being, with the Majority of British Merchants and Factors residing at the said Ports of Cadiz, and Port Saint mary's.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid the Consul for the time being, ap fammongene pointed for his Majesty's Subjects trading to the Ports of Cadiz and Port Saint mary's, shall from time to rai Meetings of time as he shall see Occasion for effecting the Purposes of this Act, call and summon a General Meeting the british mer of the britiji) Merchants and Factors residing at the said Ports; and he is hereby obliged and required al lviat^" from time to time to call and summon General Meetings or Assemblies, as often as he shall be defined by ters relating to Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of the Britifj Merchants or Factors aforesaid; the the Premises. Majority at such Meetings or Assemblies shall from time to time order and determine all Matters and

Things relating to the Premises.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be esteemed and taken in all publickatt. Courts of Justice and elsewhere to be a Public Act, and shall be taken Notice of as such, without specially

pleading of the same; and if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Actor in relation to the Premises, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter General rue' in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Full Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any De Full Costs. fendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next erm or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making, and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Devisees, and Lessees.

lirhere AS diverse Persons, who on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Pro ' y V sessions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or the j Geo. i, c. 13! Assurance respectively appointed to betaken by such Persons in and by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his majfly's Person and Government, and the Succejfon of the Crown in the Heirs of the lute Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales,

and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing dangersi5c: ir, i" C

which may happen from Popish Recufints, by receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Ufiige of the Church of England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubftan tiation therein mentioned; have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, the Shortness of the Time allowed for that Purpose, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths 1 or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner,

as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in Danger of incurring diverse Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons, who Persons taking shall on or before the first Day of av.gust in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and 'civing the sa thirty-six, take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by Law crament, C the said Oaths or Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and.

at such Place and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of 111 ernnl C'his said late Majesty King George the First, and also receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged.

224 C. 26. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

charged, of, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or A durance, or receiving the said Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declaration respectively, according to the above-mentioned acts, 'or any of them, or any other Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trust, and is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition, as such Person and Persons were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified, him, her or themselves, according to the above an, i their Acts mentioned Acts, and every of them, and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or per valid. fons, or by Authority' derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as

the same, or any of them, would have been, if such Person or Persons had taken and subscribed the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration respectively, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in the Manner and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken and subscribed the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the said Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

This Act not

II. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to re (tore to to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter any Office, cor Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, 0/1njored" by 'or already filled up or enjoyed by another Person; such Office, Employment, Benefice, Matter or another Person. Thing so avoided, or filled up and enjoyred as aforesaid, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

The indemnify

III. And whereas the Time for taking and subscribing the Oaths appointed to be taken and fub ing Act 2 Geo. scribed by Persons on account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Professions, or on any other Cause, in and by the said Act made in die first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, is, by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, indtuled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that purpcj'e, and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament pnffed in the first Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons ts qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications', as also for the Repeal of so much of an Aci passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the sworn Servants of the King's or Queen's Majesty, limited to any Time before the End of the next Term, after he or they shall be admitted into or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice, Office or Place, or come into any such Capacity, or take upon him or £ them such Practice, Employment or Business, as is therein mentioned, or to any Time before the End of the next Quarter sessions of the County, City or Place where such Person shall be or reside,

after he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice, Office or Place, or come into any such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment or Buuness as is therein mentioned: And whereas by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the respective Persons therein mentioned are required to make and subscribe the Declaration against Transubstantiation in the next Term, or at the Quarter sefli ons for that County or Place where he or they shall reside, next after his or their Admittance or Admittances into the respective Offices or Employments dierein mentioned, which Times so limited in the said several Acts are found to be too short and inconvenient j' Now for Remedy thereof, and for amending the said Acts by enlarging the said Times, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons that shall be admitted, entered, placed or taken into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, Salary, See or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by his Authority, or by Authority derived from him or them within that Part of Great Britain called England, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Islands of Jersey and Guertifey, or that shall be admitted into any Sendee, Office or Employment in the Household or Family of his Majesty, or her Majesty, or of his Royal Highness Frederick Prince of 1 Vales, or of any of his Majesty's Issue, and all Ecclesiastical Persons, Heads or Governors of what Denomination soever, and all other Members of Colleges and Kails within either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or shall be of the Foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any Exhibition, being of, or as soon as they shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, and all Persons teaching or reading to Pupils in either of the aforesaid Universities or elsewhere, and Schoolmasters and Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, high and chief Constables, and ever' Person who shall act as Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Clerk or Notary, by p radtiling in any Manner as such in any Court or Courts whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall at any Time after the first Day of

August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be admitted into, or enter

Ail Persons ad upon, any of the aforementioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices or Places, or shall come into any Prefennents o7, u.c^ Capacity, or shall take upon him or them any such Practice, Employment or Business as afore piaces after said, shall take and subscribe the Oaths appointed by the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign 1 Auf; t6' of his late Majesty King George the First, in such Form as by that Statute is directed, in his ma oaths7&cf jetty's Court ot Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, or at the General or Quarter within fix' Sessions of the County, City or Place where such Person shall be or reside, at any Time within six Ca

Womhs after lendar Months after he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice,

Adrmffion. 7'r 1'Officj

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 26. 225

Office or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment or Business as aforesaid; all and every Person or Persons, who, by the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, are required to make and subscribe the Declaration against Transubstantiation, shall make and subscribe the said Declaration at the same Places, and at the same Times, as are by this Act limited for taking and subscribing the Oaths aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any Person beyond the Seas, who persons !>-; yor4 by virtue of this Act ought to take and subscribe the said Oaths, or by virtue of the said Act made in tin Sea iiiow the twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second ought to make and subscribe the said Declaration,

so as such Person do within six Calendar Months after his Return to or Arrival in that Part of Great 6 Month after

Britain called England, take and subscribe the said Oaths, in such Manner and Form, and at such Place tinor Return,

and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and also receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to

the Usage of the Church of England, and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubltan

tiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration

ought to have been made and subscribed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Persons northeast person and Persons aforesaid that shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oaths, or who shall neglect or, '° ue refuse to make and subscribe the said Declaration in Cases where the same ought to be made and fub 'the time&c' (bribed, within the Time and at the Places aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be herein limited, liable unto and incur all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Forfeitures and Penalties as in and by the said', ', ct "erst Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First are provided and in nsed by the flidted for not taking and subscribing the said Oaths, or are provided and inflicted by the said Act made said Acts.

in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second for not making and subscribing the said Declaration; and in case of executing any such Office, Place or Employment, after such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted in such Manner as by the said several Acts is directed, shall be liable unto and incur all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Forfeitures and Penalties, as in and by the said Acts are provided, to be prosecuted, sued for and recovered in such Manner as therein is prescribed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Au all the Powers thorities. Conditions, Directions and Provisions in and by the said Acts of the first Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King tinue in 'full Charles the Second, enacted or provided touching or relating to the taking and subscribing of Force, the said Oaths, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration, or the Neglect or Refusal thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in full Force, as if the same were herein particularly inserted and reenacted, except only as to the Alteration by this Act made in respect of the Times limited except only as for taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration, and also as tp tie alcera to the Indemnity hereby granted to such who on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven this Aftwiti* hundred and thirty-six, shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said De Repaid to claration, and receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the Usage of the Church of T, r lc' england, where the same are respectively required by Law; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the third y'ear of his late Majesty's Reotal of \

Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled, An Act aft^cccio to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Dilates, and for enlarging the Time for such Registring, C is.

and for feraring Purchases made by Protestants; was enacted, That from and after the nine and twen tieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one rhoul and seven hundred and feveateen, no Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, (hold pass,

alter or change from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, CX ' cent such Deed within six Months after the Date, and such Will within six Months after the Death of the Testator (hold be enrolled in one of the King's Comts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties wherein the Manors, Lands and Tenements lie, in such Manner as

therein for that Purpose is particularly directed: And whereas by a Clause in another Act of Parlia -= n C ment passed in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and emending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige all Persons being Papists,

in that Part of Great Britain calk'd Scotland, and all Persons in Great Britain, refilling or neglecting 1 to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government by several Acts therein mentioned, to register their Names and real Dilates; and for enlarging the Time for taking the said Oaths, and making such Registers; and for allowing further Time for the Iwolnten: of Deeds or fpills L made by Papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled, purfitant to an Act of the third Year of his laid.

late Majesty's Reign; and also for giving Relief to Pr clef ant Lefecs; it was enacted, for the Relief of 1 such Persons who had neglected or omitted to inroll their Deeds or Wills, That every Deed and Will

which had been then made since the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred £ and leventcen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

1 or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Person professing the Popish Religion,

though not then enrolled, should be as good and effectual in the Law as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Time limited by the said Clause in the said former Act for Inrolment thereof, provided the said Deeds and Wills shoukl be inroilecl on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, in such A lan

ner as by the said former Act was directed; whereas by a Clause in another Act of Parliament

Vol. VI G g passed

226

3 Geo. 2. c. 29.

6 Geo. 2. c. 5. concerning pa piftti Eiiatcs.

Deeds and Wills made since 2q Sept. 3717, for Conveyance of the Lands of pa picts, shall be good, if in rolled by 29 Sept. 1736.

Put not to extend to Deeds, Wills, or Leases, not in 1 oiled, whereof Advantage was taken before a Feb. 1735. Concerning Pa fijli see firther

No Purchase of Lands, C made by pro iettant&for variable confide ratmn to be a voided for want of 1 nrol luent j Exception.

C. 26. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

passed in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending dn

Act regulating the Price and assize of Bread; for Relief of Bankrupts whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of a late Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds or Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; and for making further Provision concerning Certificates relating to the Settlements of poor Persons,

and the Charges of maintaining and removing certificated Perfims; it was enacted, for the relief of such

Purchas ers and leftees, and such other Persons as had neglected or omitted to inroli their Deeds or Wills in due Time, that every Deed and Will then made since the nine and twentieth Day ' of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass,

alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or Rent

or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion (though not then enrolled)

Should be as good and effectual in the Law as the same would have been in cale the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited in the Clauses in the said former Acts for the Inrol ment thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills Should be enrolled on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Act was directed: whereas by a Clause in another Act of Parliament passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papfis, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; it was enacted, That every Deed and Will then made since the twenty-ninth Day of Sep tember one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any. Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion (though not enrolled) should be as good and effectual in the Law as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited in the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrohnent thereof; provided the same Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Act

is directed: whereas several of his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, since the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, have purchased Lands and taken Leases

Fines paid, where some final] Rents have been reserved from Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion, and have neglected and omitted to inroll their Purchase Deeds and Leases within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts directed for the Inrolment thereof,

and are in Danger of being defeated of their said Purchases and Leases: whereas several In 4 fants and others claiming under the last Wills and Testaments of Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion, maybe defeated of their Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so devl fed to them, through the Neglect or Omission of the Executors or Trustees of such Wills to inroll the same in due Time according to the Direction of the said Clause in the said Acts; To relieve therefore such Protestant Purchasers, Devisees and leftees, and such other Persons as have neglected or omitted to inroli their Deeds or Wills in due Time as aforesaid, Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Deed and Will made since the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, i^ands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, though not enrolled, shall be as good and effectual in the Law as the same would have been in case the said deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrolment thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills shall be enrolled on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Act is directed.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any such Deed, Will or Lease already made, and not enrolled, of the Want of Inrolment whereof Advantage shall have been taken on or before the second Day of February in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, but every such Deed, Will and Lease, shall remain of such Force and Effect only, as the same would have had if this Act had never been made, and of none other Force or Effect. ij Geo. a. C iy» 33 Geo. 2. c. 13.

IX. And whereas many Purchases made by Protestants since the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, may be in Danger of being impeached or called in Que ftion, in regard that some Deeds or Wills through which the Title thereto is derived ought to have been enrolled according to the said Acts, but have not been so enrolled by reason that it was not known to such Purchasers that the Persons who made such Deeds or Wills were Papists; 'it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Purchase made for full and valuable Considerations of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Protestant or Protestants, and merely and only for the Benefit of Protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any Deed or Will, through which the Title thereto is derived hath not been enrolled as required by the said Acts, so as no Advantage was taken of the want of Inrolment thereof before such Purchase was made, and so as such Purchaser or Purchasers had not Notice before such their Purchase that the Person or Persons who made such Deed or Will was or were a Papist or Papists, and so as no Decree or Judgement hath been obtained for want of the Inrolment of such Deeds or Wills,

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 27-29. 227

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought into and sold within the Town of Irvine and Liberties thereof, and for laying a Duty of one Penny Sterling upon every Tonne or ten Horse Loads of Coals carried to the Harbour of the said Town and shipped there for Transportation.

PR.

WHEREAS tyre Town of Irvine lies very commodiously for Trade at the Mouth of the freambtf,

W River of that Name, and for many Years hath been very useful in Exportation of Coals, to to the great Advantage of the said Town and Increase of his mnjeify's Revenue; but of late the Trade of the said Town has very much abated, and is in danger of being entirely lost by the Decay of the Harbour there; which, by reason of the Water not being confined to the proper Channel, is fre questly filled up with Sand Banks, so that the Harbour is of little life, and Ships of very small Burr then are frequently lhut up in the said River for several Months before they can sail out to Sea;

whereby the Trade and Navigation of the said Town is greatly decreased: whereas the Town House, Church, Streets and other public Works and Buildings of the said Town, particularly the { common Gaol and one of the Arches of the Bridge leading over the said River are much out of Repair: And whereas the said Town has, from time to time, been at contiderable Charges in sup porting their Navigation, by cleansing the said River and Pier or Harbour, and maintaining or repair ing the other public Works and Buildings of the Town; yet their Revenue is, and always has bee

so small and inconsiderable, that what they have hitherto done has proved ineffectual, GY, '

The Duties are granted for 19 Years from 24. June 1736.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for naturalising her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the King's most Excellent Majesty (whom God long preserve) hath been graciously pleased, to the great Joy and Satisfaction of his People, to marry his eldest Son Frederick Prince of Wales, a Prince formed by his Majesty's Royal Example, and possessed of Virtues and Accomplishments which render him worthy of his great Ancedors, to a Princess of the highest personal Merit, descended from the ancient and illustrious House of Saxe Gotha, a Family distinguish ' CD for their Steadiness and Sufferings in the Defence of the Protedant Religion and of the Rights and Liberties of their Country: And whereas it is jud and reasonable that her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales should be rendered capable of partaking of those Rights and Liberties which this Nation happily enjoys under his Majesty's most auspicious Reign, and which his Majesty by this Marriage hath endeavoured to transmit and secure to our Poderity; 'We Your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That her Royal tfhl; ncef: j Highness the Princess of Wales be to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, deemed, taken and edeemed deemed Vna'a natural born Subject of this Kingdom, as if the said Princess had been born within this Realm; any rural born Law, Statute, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. Subject of this

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace yard in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

EXP.

WHEREAS it will be advantageous, not only to the City of Westminster, but to many other of his Majesty's Subjects, and to the Public in general, that a Bridge be built cross the River 1 Thame; from New Palace yard in the said City of Westminshtr, to the opposite Shore in the county of ! Surrey; 'May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Gfc,

"Commissioners for building the Bridge to meet in the Jerusalem Chamber 22 June 4736. and adjourn,

"to appoint in what Manner and with what Materials the Bridge shall be built. No Houses to be "ere&ed thereon.

V AND for the preventing wilful and malicious damaging or destroying the said Bridge, or any Part Persons v

thereof, or hindering or interrupting the building of the same; Be it enacted by the Autho { "'1^7damai; rity aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously blowup, pull down or de the Bridge, to S droy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, or unlawfully and without Authority fader Death, from the said Commissioners or their Successors, remove or take away any Works thereto belonging, or in any wise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge or the Works thereof may be damaged, ar.tre Lives of the Paffiengers endangered; such Offender or Offenders being

228

C 30, 31. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

lawfully convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

"The Commissioners Power of treating with the Owners of Ground, or Houses to be pulled down, and "with Corporations, Executors, Guardians, C Commissioners to determine the Recompense to be "made for the Damage to the Horse Ferry, and sunday's Ferry. The Loss to the Archbishops of Can "to be recompensed, as also the sunday's Ferry. Commissioners Power with regard to Juries "impanelled to assess Damages. 625,000l. to be raised by way of Lottery. The Residue of the Mo "after Payment of the fortunate Tickets, to be applied towards the Bridge. Commissioners to "appoint a Treasurer, Clerk, C to enter all Payments and Disbursements. 'File Ac "to be stated and signed four Times in every Year and delivered to the Parliament. Com "accepting of any Place of Profit, uncapable of acting as Commissioners, This Act not to "prejudice the City of London. The Bridge to be deemed Extra parochial. Surrey and Middlesex ex s 10 Geo. 1. "empted from repairing the Bridge." C 16. II Geo. 2. c. 25. 12 Geo. 2. c. 33 13 Geo. 2. c. 16. 14 Geo. 2. c. 40. 15 Geo. 2. 26. jjgio.2. C 32, is Geo. 2. c. 29. 29 Geo. 2. c. 3s, 30 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XXX.

[Preamble,

For former Laws concerning Soldiers, refer to is H. 6. C js.

6 19.

7 I. 7. C I.

7 Ed. 6. cz 43 Elix. C 3.

31 Car. 2. C 1. 12 Ann. sat. I C u'

3 Geo. 1. c. 47. 3 Geo. 1. r. 2. Enlisting or procuring his Majesty's Subjects to enlist in foreign Service, Felony without Benefit of Clergy. Enforced by 29 Geo. 2. c. 11.

L 4-

Offences against this Act committed out of the Realm, may be tried in any County of England. l'eifons inveigled so to lift themselves, making a discovery in 14 Pays to a ju ffice or iwa gutrate, indemnified.

An Act to prevent the lifting his Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers without his Majesty's Licence.

WHEREAS diverse of his Majesty's Subjects have been of late seduced to enlist themselves to

serve as Soldiers under foreign Princes, States or Potentates, which Practice is highly preju dicial to the Safety and Welfare of this Kingdom For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Subject of the Crown of Great Britain, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June next, shall within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next without the same, enlist or enter himself, or if any Person shall procure any Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to enlist or enter himself, or hire or retain any Person being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, with an Intent to cause such Person to enlist or enter himself, or procure any Person being a Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to go beyond the Seas, or embark, with an Intent and in order to be enlisted to serve any foreign Prince, State or Potentate as a Soldier, without Leave or Licence of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, first had and obtained for enlisting any of the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to serve any such foreign Prince, State or Potentate as Soldiers, under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be taken, deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offence against this Act shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of and tried in any County in England.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person so enlisted or inveigled, or enticed to go beyond the Seas in order so be enlisted, as a non commissioned Officer or private Soldier in any foreign Service, without his Majesty's Licence first had and obtained as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen Days after such Enlisting or Agreement to go beyond the Seas, voluntarily discover upon Oath before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or other civil Magistrate, the Person or Persons by whom he was so enlisted, inveigled or enticed as aforesaid, so a3 lie or they may be apprehended and convicted of the said Offence, such Person or Persons so discover ing as aforesaid shall be indemnified from the Penalty infii<sted by this Act, and all other Penalties whatsoever on account of the said Offence.

Concerning Soldiers see farther 22 Geo. 2. c. 44. 28 Geo. 2. C I 33 Geo. 2. c. 6, 8, & is. Likewise the yearly Mutiny Acts

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glafgciu, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbells and Tort Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages.

PR.

preamble, re ' WHEREAS the annual Revenues of the City of Glasgow fall very short of defraying the yearly citing the s. i jrxpence of maintaining the Government, paying Ministers Stipends, and repairing and pre serving Causeways, Roads, Bridges, Churches, Hufritals, and other public Buildings and Works necessary for the Accommodation of the numerous Inhabitants of the said City, and for the Encou ragement of the Trade and Commerce thereof: And whereas for the better Support of the said City "W. Sc M. ' an act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, granting to the City an Imposition of two Pennies Scots upon each Lnt of Ale and Beer brewed, in brought, vended, tapped and sold within the said City and other Places therein mentioned, for the Term of sixteen Years, which Grant was, by another Act of the

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 32. 229

Parliament of Scotland, in the third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, continued 3 Ann

the further Term of sixteen Years, and by an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty King e0'*

George the First, was continued till the first Day of November, which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight: And whereas the yearly Produce of the said Imposition so granted, when added to the city's annual Revenue, falls short of the necessary annual Expense, so that the City must be obliged to leave the necessary Works undone, which will very much check the growing Industry and Commerce thereof, to contract Debts for answering those Expenses, which mud end in the utter deltrucuon of the Government of the City, unless some Remedy is found

And whereas the Village of gorbel/s, which is divided from Glasgow only by the River Clyde, holds few of the said City, and has its Support alone from the Trade thereof, enjoying almost every Pri ' vilege equal with the City, and reaping the Fruit of the Expense laid out by them in making and repairing Roads and Bridges, at the same Time that the City is at a considerable Expense in paving the Streets of the said Village, though the said Village is not at present contributary to that Expence:

And whereas the City of Glasgow purchased the Village of Port Glasgow for the Accommodation of their Trade, and have at great Expence built, and are at a continual necessary Expense in maintaining and enlarging a very commodious Harbour there, which occasions that Resort and Commerce, by which they obtain considerable Profit and Advantage: And whereas the Extension of the Imposition or Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one fixlh Part of a Penny Sterling upon Ale and Beer, over the said Villages of gorbcl/s and Port Glasgow, which reap the Benefit of the Commerce as well as the Expence of the said City, will enlarge the Produce of the said Duty granted to the City, and enable tlum

to carry on the Government, and defray the necessary Expense thereof, c7."

The Duties are further continued for 25 Years from 1 Nov. 1738,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, laid by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First

WHEREAS by an at of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his drimtthea1

late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High, a Geo. i. C 33, Court of Chancery, after reciting (amongst other Things) that Fleetwood Dormer, and John Barrett,

Esquires, both deceased, formerly Masters of the said Court, and Richard Godfrey, and Edward conwayt

Esquires, then Masters of the same Court, had been deficient in answering the Money and Effects

ordered by the Court into their Hands, and which Deficiency, after deducting what should be made.

and produced out of the Estates and Effects of the said deficient Masters, and the Sum of thirty thou g; 1 1

sand Pounds given by his Majesty on the Address of the House of Commons towards the Relief of Fidtdeficiency the said Suitors, amounted (according to the then Computation) to the Sum of fifty-one thousand on four Matters eight hundred and fifty-one Pounds nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, besides several other Ateount.

Claims on the Offices of four of the said deficient Masters remaining, and which (if allowed) would

greatly increase the said Deficiency; it was, for Relief of the said Suitors, and the making a Piovi The Dutvof lion for Payment of their just Debts and Demands, enacted, That a Duty of sixpence on certain

Writs and other Law Proceedings therein mentioned should be raised, levied and paid for the Term plying it. 1 ' of sixteen Years, from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, to be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties; and that the Mo ' ney thereby to be raised and collected should be paid into the Bank of England, and the said Court of Chancery was thereby empowered to borrow any Sum of Money upon the Fund thereby granted, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of sixty thousand Pounds; and it was thereby enacted, That all the Money then deposited, or thereafter to be deposited, in the Bank, on account of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, or by Order of the said Court, and all the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties given by the said act, or borrowed thereon, and paid into the Bank, ihoukl be accounted and taken to be one common and general Cash, and should be promiscuously issued and iffnable, when and as the Court of Chancery should direct, for the answering, paying and clearing the Debts and Demands of any of the Suitors of the said Court; and the said Court of Chancery were, by the said Act authorised and empowered, with all convenient Speed, to determine the Claims and Demands of the Suitors upon the Officers of the said Fleetwood Dormer, John Barrett, Richard Godfrey, and Ed 4 ward Cmway, in a summary Way, and cause to be done therein what should be equitable and just:

And whereas upon the final settling and determining the Claims and Demands of the Suitors of the Total sum ofi

said Court of Chancery upon the Offices of the said lour Mahers it appeared, that the total Deficiency tile Efficiency of the said four Mailers amounted to one hundred and three thousand six hundred and thirty-five the c/aims of

Pounds six Shillings and twopence, and there hath resulted and been produced from the fitki thirty Suitors.

thousand Pounds so given by his Majesty, and the Interest attending the same, the Sum of thirty-nine thousand eight hundred and thirty-four Pounds sixteen Shillings and seven Pence, consisting of twenty thousand five hundred and thirty-four Pounds sixteen Shillings and seven Pence, Caih in the Bank,

and nineteen thousand three hundred Pounds, Land t axe Orders deposited also in the Bank, and there.hath been raised and collected by and out of the Duties directed to be levied by the said former Aid, from the second Day of aiign/l one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, to the third Day of March one thousand sevenluinched and thirty-five, the Sum of thirty-eight thousand nine bun

230 C 33.

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

Sum raised by the hid Duty to flippy tbs Deficiency.

Deficiency of lhnni'i Efcjmre.

C dred and eight Pqunds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence, which, with the said Sum of thirty-nine

thousand eight hundred and thirty-four Pounds sixteen Shillings and seven Pence, making together

seventy eight thousand seven hundred and forty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, and being deduced out of the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand six hundred and thirty-five Pounds six Shillings and twopence, the Deficiency branding out on the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, on the Offices of the said four Matters, was reduced to the Sum of twenty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety one Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence:

And whereas there is due from John Bennett Ei'quire, one of the Matters of the said Court, to Huin phry Bell the surviving Assignee of the Estate and Effects of William Ellins and Edmund Farrington under a Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against them, the Sum of eleven thousand four hundred and eighty-five Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, with Interest from the eleventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and that the said John Bennett hath no Estate or Effects left to satisfy the said Debt or any Part thereof: And whereas it is computed that the Duties granted by the former Act will not be sufficient to raise the said Sum of twenty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety one Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, so standing out on the eighth Day of Adarch one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and also the said Sum of eleven thousand four hundred and eighty-five Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, so due from the said John Bennett to the Estate of the said Bankrupts, unless the said Duties be further continued, and the Time for raising the same be enlarged; and in regard the Assignees and Creditors of the said Bankrupts were not acquainted with the Insolvency of the said John Bennett, so may reasonably and within the Design and ivicaning of the former Act be entitled to such and the like Relief, as was given to and provided for the other Suitors of the Court of Chancery, by and under the same Act Wherefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to provide for the Relief of the Creditors of the said Bankrupts claiming under the said Commission, do give and grant unto your Majesty for that Purpose the Sum of eleven thousand four hundred and eighty-five Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, to be raised by continuing the Duties herein before mentioned fora further Tcrin, and therefore do most humbly beseech your Maj elf y that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties granted by the said former Act shall, by virtue of this Act, be continued, and be payable and paid upon the several Writs and Law Proceedings in the said former Act mentioned, for the further Term of four Years, to be computed from the second Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and that the said former Act, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, for and concerning the said Duties, shall continue and be in full Force for the further Term of four Years, to commence and be computed as aforesaid, and shall be applied, practised and executed for raising, levying, collecting, paying and applying the same, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the Clauses, Powers, matters and Things in the said former Act contained had been or were in this Acts repeated, and against particularly enacted.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of the before mentioned Sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence, which has arisen and been collected by and out of the Duties directed to be levied by the said former Acts, from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, to the third Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five as aforesaid, there shall be placed to the Credit of the Account, Kv parte Afeyer, in the Books of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and of the Bank, the Sum of eleven thousand four hundred eighty-five Pounds four Shillings and five Pence, and that the same shall be issued and paid out of the General and Common Caih of the Bank, when and as the Court of Chancery shall diredf, in Satisfaction of the said Debt due from the said John Bennett to the Assignee of the said Bankrupts Estate.

in. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That when and as soon as the Deficiency of the Suitors Money directed and appointed to be answered and paid by the former and this present Act, and all the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the same, if necessary, shall have been fully paid and satisfied, then and from thenceforth all the Surplus Moneys, which shall have been raised out of the said Duties given, granted and continued by the said former and this present Act, over and beyond what shall be Efficient for answering such Deficiency and Adoney lent, shall be reserved for the Benefit of the Public, and shall not be applied to any other Use or Uses than such as shall be hereafter directed by Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to render the Law more effectual for preventing the Importation of fresh Fish taken by Foreigners, and to explain so much of an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to Ships exporting Fish to the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea, and for the better Preservation. of the Fry of Lobsters on the Coasts of Scotland.

picambu, rec \ t WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K ing George I. Geo'r ? % 1 the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing jre/h Fiji taken by Foreigners keing imported

into

'the Duties granted by the former Act further continued for Years, after 2 Aug. 1742.

Revived and made perpetual 2.3 Geo. 2. c. 25.

11, 485l. 4 j. 5d, to be paid out of the Bank, by Di region of the Court of Chancery, on the Deficiency of Tohn Bennett.

Surplus Moneys reserved to the Disposition of parliament. Concerning Stamp Julies see far tfher 16 Geo. 2. c. 26.

24 Geo. 2. c. 12. & 13.

30 Geo. 2. c. 19. qzgco, 2. c. 35.

231

33-

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. C

into this Kingdom, end for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish, and for the giving leave to import Lobfers 'and tnr.be.ts in foreign Bottoms, and for the better Preservation of Salmon within fevera I Rivers in that 'Part of this Kingdom called England, it is (amongst other Things) enabled, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, no Herring, Cod, Pilchards,

Salmon, or Ling, fresh or salted, dried or bloated, nor any Grill, Mackrel, Whiting, Haddock,

Sprats, Coal Fish, Gull Fish, Congers, or any Sort of fiat Fish, nor any other Sort of fresh Fish vaiatsoever, shall be imported into, told, or exposed to Sale, in that Part of this Kingdom called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or received from, any 1'oreigner or Foreigners, or out of any Stranger or Strangers Bottom (except Protestant Strangers inhabiting within this Kingdom) nor shall any Person or Persons give or exchange any Goods or other Things in exchange for any Sort of Fish so taken as aforesaid: And it is thereby further enacted, That every Matter or Commander for the time being of any Smack, Hoy, Yager, Boat or other Vessel in which any Fish shall be imported or brought to Shore contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and being thereof law fully convicted in the Manner thereby directed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum therein mentioned, to be levied and disposed of in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, or In Default of Payment of the said Sum or sufficient Distress, shall be committed to the Common Gaol as in the said Act is directed: And whereas it is by the said Act provided. That no Person shall suffer any Punishment for any Offence committed against the said Act, unless the Ptofecution for the same be commenced within one Month after such Offence committed: And whereas the Penalties inflicted by the recited Clause of the said Act herein before recited are not sufficient to deter Persons from offend.

ing against the same: And whereas by reason of the fhoft d ime limited for Prosecution of Offences committed against the said Act many Offenders against the same escape punishment be it therefore enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our After 24 Tune Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, every Person offending against the Clause of the said 1736, every Act herein before recited shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Herson import informer in any of the Courts in Westminster hall, and to be distributed and disposed of in the Manner j^ryto the" following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor Act 1 Geo. 1. of the Pari (It where such Offence shall be committed; and the Master or Commander of every Smack, to forfeit 1001. Hoy, Yager, Boat, Ship or other Vessel in which any Fish shall be imported or brought to Shore, and the Master contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act herein-before recited, and of this present Act, of theveflei 501. shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by any Informer, and to be disposed of in like Manner as before recited.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall incur any Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence committed Profecmion to against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced within twelve Months after such b commenced Offence committed. _ a"te?th "

III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act fr preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in' his Majesty's Customs, it is for the better Increase of good and serviceable Shipping, and securing the pub 4 1 ck Trade and Commerce enacted, That all and every Merchant or other Person, that should after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty two, export any Goods Or 4 Merchandizes from any Port of this Kingdom capable of a Ship or vessel of two hundred. Tfins

upon an ordinary full Sea to any Port or Place of the Mediterranean Sea beyond the Port of.

or import any Goods or Merchandise from the Ports or Places aforesaid to any Port of this icing dom, in any Ship or Vessel that should nut have two Decks and should carry less than sixteen Pieces'

of Ordnance mounted, together with two Men for each Gun and other Ammunition proportionably,

should pay a Duty of one per Centum for all and every the Wares so exported or imported, over and above the Rates and Duties of Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage otherwise due and payable for.

the same; and in the same Ad it is provided, That it should and might be lawful to export from any of his said majesty's Dominions Fish into any of the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea aforesaid ill any english..ship or Vessel whatsoever, provided one Moiety of her full Loading should be Fish only,

and in such Case to import any Wares or Merchandizes in the same Ship for that Voyage, without paying any other Rates or Duties for the same than were then before accustomed: whereas foine Doubts and Disputes have arisen, whether the Exemption granted by the said Act: in Favour of any English Ship or Vessel, whereof one Moiety of her full Loading should be Fish only, should be con.

to extend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, in case one Moiety of her full Loading should consist of foreign Fish: To prevent titer efore the said Doubts and Disputes for the future, and for the greater Encouragement of the British Fisheries, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Britisls Ship or Vessel trading to any Port or Place of the Mediterranean Sea beyond the Port of Malaga in Manner aforesaid, shall be entitled to the Benefit and Advantage of the Exemption granted to such Ship or Vessel in the said Act, for or by reason that one car". C if. Moiety of the full Loading of such Ship or Vessel shall or may consist of Fish, unless such Moiety of thefor preventing full Loading of such Ship or Vessel do consist of Fish taken and cured by his Majesty's Subjects only, cu/toin" ex 'IV. And whereas the destroying the Fry or Spawn of any Fish is highly prejudicial, especially such Fish f nfci'

as do not wander, but keep about the Coasts: whereas the principal Time for the (pawning of Lobsters is from the Beginning of June to the first of September, in which three Months the Lobilers crawl close to the Shore to leave their Spawn in the Chinks of the Rocks, and as much under the Influence of the Sun as possiblej Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

232 C 34. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

51, Penalty on after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no fisherman or other Person; lobrtli^on the2or Pylons whatsoever shall with Trunks, Hoop Nets, or any other Way, take, kill or destroy, any Court of Scot Lobsters on the Seacoast of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the first Day of June' land between i to the first Day of September yearly, under the Penalties of five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to idy'recoverecl by any Person who shall inform and sue for the same upon a summary Complaint be fore any Two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Shire on the Coast where any /b!ry fi" farther fuhi Offence shall happen to be committed.

"22 Geo. 2. c. 49. 23 Geo. a. c. 24 & 26. 26 Geo. 2. c. 9. 28 Geo. 2. c. 14. 29 Geo. 2. c. 23 £? 39. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 S' 30. 33 Geo. 2. C7.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the fur. titer Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off one million of South Sea Annuities; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the easiest Manner we are able for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and sco, ocol.grant commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Annuities oat o*'the^s]nk^ Miich by this Act shall be granted and made payable in respect of the said principal Sum of six hundred ingfund. m thousand Pounds until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall from and after the Feast Day of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Moneys, which from and after the said Feast Day shall from time to time arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of or for the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

Annuities at 11. And for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the said

31. percent. Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Proprietors of shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Cor, h'ft porate, to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's

'the mjstock '0 Life, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any?; foo. 2. c.li. three or more of them now being, or by the High L reasurer, or by any three or more of tyre Com 6' missioners of the Treasury for the time being, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said

Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said Feast Day of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after contained in that Behalf; which certain Annuities shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be advanced and paid, and the Purchase Money lb paid for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer at the Time or Times to be appointed as aforesaid; all which Annuities so to be purchased payable at shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year (that is to fa;,) cjirirtmas and The Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, and Saint John Baptist, by even and equal Portions; the first 11 lu nmer" Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

The Names of HI, And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the ihe Contributors Pells, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall be fairly entered the Names to be entied. of a]j personss who shall be Contributors for such certain Annuities as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sumsv paid for fuel) Annuities; to which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Exc tutors, Administrators and aitigns, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Rel'ort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

The Annuities

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Con peifo Mbutors upon this Act, duly paying the Contribution or Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid at

ei oua ate, t|le 'pjme or rj jnies this Act limited in that Behalf for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and aitigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy, the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated as aforesaid, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Proviso herein after contained

A.D. 1736. Anno 110110 Georgii II. c. 34. 233

in that Behalf; and that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, successors and

Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interclls in the several

Annuities so by them respectively to be purchased according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all such Estates and Interests of and in the said Annuities, and every of them, shall be and

be adjudged, taken and accepted in Construction of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever,

to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein, or intitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; Law, Culfom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the fice fror'

said Annuities to be purchased on this Act as aforesaid, and every of them, shall be free from all Taxes,

and Impositions whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for Tallies and or any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or e" d Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase Money for the same at the Rate aforesaidconmbutors. into the said Receipt of Exchequer at the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of the Purchase Moneyas

shall be so paid for any such Annuity or Annuities at the Rate aforesaid; every such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying the said Annuity or Annuities, until Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and the under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and after signing thereof the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act; and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, determine or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid, or any of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the Orders to be made forth for the said Orders assign annuities in pursuance of this Act shall or may from Time to Time by proper Words of Asignment to able'

be endorsed on his, her or their Order, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order or Orders, to any other Person or Persons; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be be made in the Book of Regillry for such Orders without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry made such assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall make such Assignments, to make void, release or dischargee the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And whereas it may so happen, that in Process of Time several of the said (landing Orders may become defaced, obliterated or incumbred with many Assignments endorsed thereon, or by Rea ' son thereof or some other Defects therein it may become necessary that the said defaced, obliterated, in cumbred or otherwise defective Orders, should be taken in and cancelled, and new Orders made forth and delivered to the Owners and Proprietors of the Orders so to be cancelled in lieu thereof; '

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any of the said Cases any three or New Orders to more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any, te !nadei*?11!1 three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, may, if he or they shall (o a'vdefaced, think (it, from time to time, cause to be made forth new (landing Orders for and in lieu of such defaced, C obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders, so as such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Order or Orders be at the same Time delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in lieu thereof be made payable to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so delivered up and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; and the Auditor of the said Receipt aforesaid shall always take care, that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being made out in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, as may secure the Public against any double Payments for or by reason of the making out or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And, for the preventing of all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said (landing Orders, or any Assignments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due thereon; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to Forging or be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Or ordert Felony der or Orders made forth or to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any Asignment or Alignments without Benefit of such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or of any Receipt or Discharge to the of Clergy. Exchequer for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or of any Letter of Attorney or other Authority or Instrument to transfer, assign, alien or convey, any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders in or to any such pretended Asignment, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part there vol. VI H h of.

234 G. 34. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

of, by virtue of any such forged or counterfeited Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the Paid Order or Orders, and thereby assigning, or endeavouring to assign, any of the said Order or Orders, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and per ions, being thereof law fully convicted in due Form or Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cales of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Penalty on Offi

IX. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the said Sum of six hun fecs or cjratui rec ^ouland Pounds upon the Credit of this Act, That all Receipts and Issues, and all other Things ties" directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers

there without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the same; and in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall not. keep Books or Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay Treble Damages and Costs of Suit to any Contributor, or Person claiming under him, that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have Full Costs of Suit, one Third of which Sum so to be recovered shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two Thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

Treasury to pay X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys from the officers and time to time arising at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus said Fund.1'"Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, hereby appropriated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the Exchequer, and others that shall or may be any way employed in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Annuities to be payable thereupon, for their Labour, Pains and Service therein respectively, and to discharge and satisfy such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of the same, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

When the said

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one cease!ltlt; S ihau year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the principal Sums for which the said Annuities shall be payable, to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities, then, and not till then, the said Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising by the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act on Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

One million of

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by or out of such Moneys as are Annuities to'be or all ken^Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the raid oft. Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the Feast; Day of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six (after Payment of, or reserving sufficient to pay, such Moneys as have been or shall be directed by Farther Pmvifi this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall be issued and ms concerning this applied to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and jo gio^l C 17. other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, at the said Feast Day, and afterwards quarto Geo'. 2.' r. 3. terly from Time to Time, as the same shall arise, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall on such u'o Quarter Day or Days be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, for or towards redeeming Part of the Annuities

attending on the Capital Stock of Annuities commonly called new south-sea Annuities, remaining a&cva. 2. C 16. due to the said Company, until the said Payments shall in the Whole amount to the Sum of one million Sterling; and that as the said Payments of Principal Money shall be from Time to Time made, a proportionable Part of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, and of the Annuities attending thereon, and of the Allowance for Charges of Management, shall also from Time to Time cease and determine for the Benefit of the Public.

The Moneys to

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Sea Company shall forthwith, hutectamon ft" upon t*le ^eccipl f the said Sum of one million, or as soon after as conveniently may be, divide the Proprietors, out and distribute as near as conveniently may be done, amongst all the several Proprietors of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, towards sinking and discharging so much of their Shares or Interests in the said Capital Stock of Annuities, by even and equal Dividends amongst them all, in Proportion to their respective Shares or Interests therein.

A.D. 1736. Anno 110110 Georgii II. c. 34. 235

XIV. And to the End, Intent and Purpose that all trust Estates and Intercfls in the said Capital Stock dividend; of of Annuities of the south-sea Company may be preserved and improved for the Benefit of the Per iobepwi fons concerned therein, with the lead Expense and Inconvenience to them; Be it enacted by the Au as Dividend of thority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments Profit.

or Dividends shall be made of the Capital of any such Annuity Stock, as shall be veiled in any Person or Persons in Trust for other Persons, who have or claim distinct or different Intercfls therein, or for any other Ends or Purposes, for which the Capital Sum or Annuity ought to be preserved infire, such Payments or Dividends of the Capital Stock or Annuities shall not be paid or applied as Dividends of Profit, Annuity or Interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise disposed of at Interest; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees, who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion, to layout or dispose of the same or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of so much other Capital Stock of the same Kind, as at the current Market Price of such Annuity Stock the Moneys received for such Dividends shall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchase; which new purchased Stock of Annuities shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons transferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the same; and in case such Trustees respectively, by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed and acknowledged before one of the Mailers of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Money in the said Receipts were the Produce of the said Dividends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, (which Signing or Acknowledgment such Mailers in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take, and each and every such Mailer before whom the same shall be done, shall at the same time certify the same, by subscribing his Name thereto, for doing whereof such Mailer shall be paid for each Certificate one Shilling and no more) then and in every such Case, the Annuity Stock mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall re spebtively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trulls, for the Benefit of the same Persons, and for the same Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes, as the rest of the trust Annuity Stock remaining in such Trustees respectively will or ought to be subject and liable to; and such Trustees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges or Damages, on account of their so doing, at the Expenses of the said trull Estates.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be confirmed to extend to Trust Moneys

restrain or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or disposing of any of the said trust Moneys in be out

any other Purchases or any other Securities, whether public or private, if they shall so think fit, in purebates.^ the same Manner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves as they might have done if this Act had not been made.

XVI. And whereas it may so happen, that the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, or some Part thereof, may not be contributed and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Pur

of the said Annuities, on or before the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand

hundred and thirty-six; and it may likewise happen, that on the said Feast Day of the Birth of

our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, there may not be sufficient Money in the Exchequer arisen from the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, to satisfy and pay the said entire Sum of one million, and the said Scuth sea Company may desire then to receive the whole Sum in one entire Payment, in order to make one Distribu tion of the Whole amongst all the Proprietors of their said capital Stock of Annuities at one Time; '

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said clause of(f°natn Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High at 3 'psr en Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, by Warrant under their Hands, either to issue and apply such Sum or Sums of Aloney as shall then remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Alonies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, or to permit and suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, at any Time after the said Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, or so much as shall be wanting of the said Contributions to complete the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid; upon Application made by the said South company to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and giving them Notice of such their Desire to have and receive the said Sum of one million in one entire Payment, ten Days at leall before the said Feast Day of the Birih of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, by like Warrant under their Hands to permit and suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, such further Sum and Sums of Money, as together with the Moneys then remaining in the said Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one million; which said several and respective Sum and Sums of Money, so to be advanced or lent in pursuance of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall be repaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof in the mean Time, not exceeding the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

236

Application of the Money granted this fecfljon.

C 34*

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

1, 017, 4361.4s. 10d. lor Naval Services.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Mqjefy certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain coiled Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted out of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after pre feribed; that is to say,

XVIII. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million twenty seven thousand four hundred thirty-six Pounds four Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships, and for or towards other Services of the Navy, performed and to be performed.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty-four thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds seventeen Shillings and five Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XXI. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there final] and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million four thousand twenty Pounds two Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred forty-nine thousand two hundred seventy Pounds and two Shillings, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand seven hundred and four Men, including commission and non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other Iris majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, and other Services relating to the Forces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and any Sum or Sums of Mcney not exceeding two hundred and sixteen thousand two hundred twenty-eight Pounds ten Shillings and eleven Pence, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis 24, 5131. 10s. Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and for chelsea Ho any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-four thousand five hundred and eighteen Pounds ten Shillings, upon Account, for Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hun d. dred and thirty-six; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand one hundred forty-four Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence Farthing, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty six thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds eighteen Shillings, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the lame; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; which said Sum of three thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, director appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such or the like Warrant or Warrants

icjooool. to Greenwich Ho 1 pical.

34, 7501. 17 s, 5 ct. for the Office of Ordnance.

1, 004, 0201. 2 s. rod. Farthing for the Land Forces, viz.

649, 2701. 2 s. for Guards and Garisons.

2i6, 2">81. ids nd. for the Plantations.

7, 1441. is. tit Farthing, for extraordinary Expenses. 46, 7801. 18 s. for half-pay.

3, 818 1. half-payers Widows,

for

Offi

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 35. 237

Warrants, hall be graciously pleased to direct or appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed 56, 2501. the ing fifty six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, on Account of the Subsidy payable to the King of mark Den' Denmark, pursuant to the Treaty bearing Date the nineteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

XXII. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid,1.0961.9s. there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-one thou the Grants land ninety six Pounds nine Shillings and eight Pence, towards making good the Deficiency of the 1735.

Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 22, 9441-, 14s said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-two o^ttecene/al thousand nine hundred forty-four Pounds fourteen Shillings, for making good the Deficiency of the Fund Fund, commonly called the General Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty tour thousand eight hundred forty

nine Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence and one fifth Part of a Penny, for the Year ending at michael mat one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 24., 9701.2 s. J. twenty-four thousand five hundred and fe, venty Pounds two Shillings and seven Pence, to make good to sinkins the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, for Interest on the million lent on Credit of the unsalt Duties, for the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, pursuant to a Clause 10, coot, to the in an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign; and any Sum or Sums of Mo Afncan Com' ney not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements be pany' longing to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and there shall and may be jo, °oo1. to the issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or Sums of Money not gja.°ny° em

exceeding ten thousand Pounds, by them to be applied towards settling anti securing the said Colony.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, hall not be issued The Money to or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mention he issued only as ed, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any parti lerem lre e'cular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXV. And as to the said Sum of forty six thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds eighteen Rules to see ob shillings, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; it is hereby enacted and served in the declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in hapf pay ° the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same,

who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garilon or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and hath had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the lame as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Cintituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed.

which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-nine thousand eight hundred thirty four Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Appli cation of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is

hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of forty Surplus Money nine thousand eight hundred thirty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, as is or shall be more granted to re than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act prescribed to Year" be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to 1733, how to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of e disposed of, their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise, and for enforcing those Laws for the future.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the several Laws already made to prevent the unlawful importing and clandestine landing and running of prohibited and uncustomed Goods, diverse wicked and for formtr Lawt evil disposed Persons have of late not only carried on, and do Hill continue, such pernicious and illegal

8 ' Practices, «cjrc*. C 4.

238 C

35-

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

33 14 Car. 2.

r. lr.

2 q ct/r. 2. r, 6.

2 pv.&m.jl.2. r. 4. £? 10.

\ IV & M. C 5* Cs? 1c.

- f AF. i.

6

6 1. r. si.

7 C i.y?. 1. r. 21.

8 Geo. 1. c. 15.

38, 31.

9 Gfa. 1. C 21. 31 Geo. 1. r. 7.

Of 30.

izgco. 1. r. 28. 1 o. 2.^2. 2. C 17.

Offices again this sic are excepted out of the general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. c. 52. Persons having incurred any Penalty by

making false Entries of Goods,

or abuling Officers, C ii demnified,

Practises, in open Defiance of the Laws, to the great Diminution of the public Revenue, and to the manifest Prejudice of the fair Traders, and likewise seduced great Numbers of other Persons to join with them in the said w; eked Practices, whereby the evil is become so general, that it is necessary that some further Provision should be made for effectually preventing the same; yet nevertheless as there may be some Hope that many of the said Persons who have been unwarily seduced as aforesaid, may be reclaimed by Grace and Clemency from offending in the like Manner for the future; Therefore, for (, & 11v. M. the Quiet and Ease of his Majesty's Subjects, who may have been guilty of such Offences, and that such s'gcu. i. e. n. f them as are not yet become incorrigible, being freed from their Pears and Apprehensions, may be induced to leave off their illegal Practises, and to return to their lawful Callings and Occupations, and that such Persons as shall after such an Act of Indulgence, and io public a Warning, presume to commit any of the said Offences, may be left without Lxcufe, and be brought to Justice, and duly punished, as their Crimes shall deserve, May it please your Majesty that it may be it enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every His Majesty's Subjects of this his Majesty's Realm of Great Britain, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and every of them, who before the twenty seventh Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, have incurred any Penalty or for feirture in, by, or for the clandestine running, landing, unshipping, concealing, or receiving any prohibited Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs and Excise, or either of them, and who are or may be subject to any Information or other Profecudon whatsoever for the Duties of such Goods, or for the Penalties for the running, landing, unshipping, concealing, or receiving thereof, or for the making of any false Report or Entry of the load rra uy >ng of any Ship or Vesse] inwards or outwards, or for making any Report or Entry in a wrong Name clandestinerun or Names, or for not reporting any such Ship or Vessel, or for breaking Bulk before making such nin5°f Goocls' Report or Reports, or for altering the Package of any Goods on Board any Ship or Vessel, or for laud apviiej73<h7 'n2 any Goods without the Presence of an Officer, or for (laving or otherwise destroying or spoiling any Goods at or after the Seizure thereof by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person duly authorised to make such Seizure; and any Persons who have beat, abused, obstructed, or hindered, any Officer of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of their Duty, on who have given or offered a Bribe to any Officer of the Customs or Excise; and all Persons aiding, assisting, and abetting in the committing any of the said Offences; shall be and are by the Authority of this present Act acquitted, indemnified, released, and discharged, against the King's Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and against all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and every of them, of and from all the said Offences (not in this present Act hereafter excepted and foreprized) and of and from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Inaidlments, Outlawries, Convictions, and Judgments, not herein after excepted, incurred, had, or given, or that may or might arise or accrue for cr by Reason or Means of any of the said Offences or other Matters or Things herein before mentioned and expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every of his Majesty's Subjects may by him, her or them thdmoifchar e ^ves' or by his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, Attorney or Attorneys, according to the Laws of paying only this Realm, phad and insist on this Act of Indemnity for his, her or their Discharge, of or for any

4 d. for entering Thing that is by virtue of this Act acquitted, released, or discharged, without any Fee or Payment to

the Plea, any person or Persons for the writing or entering of such Plea, or the Judgments thereupon, but only sixteen Pence to the Clerk or Officer, who shall enter such Plea or Matter for Judgement or the party's Discharge in that Behalf; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not with standin^.

proceecfinrs^ alli. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person brought against and Persons, who shall take, receive, or be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage by virtue of this present

Officers or their Act of Indemnity, either by pleading or infilling on the same in any Court of Justice or otherwise, and

who hath, or before he, she, or they shall claim the Benefit of this present Act, shall have brought, commenced, or prosecuted any Action, Plaint, or Information, Indiblment, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Customs or Excile, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may have been aiding or assisting to any such Officer, for or concerning any Matter, Cause, or Thing done or committed by such Officer, or by any Person or Persons aiding or assisting him, on occasion, or for or by Reason or Means of any of the Offences, Trespasses, Frauds, Misdemeanours, or other Matters or Things by this Act intended to be released and discharged, shall, before such Time as he, she or they shall be admitted to make such Plea as aforesaid, or to take any Benefit or Advantage of this Act, absolutely release and discharge such Action or Actions, discontinue and cause all Proceedings to be (laid in all and every such Informations, Indictments, and other Prosecution and Prosecutions brought or commenced as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall claim the Benefit of this Act, dial) after such Claim bring or commence, or cause to be brought or commenced, any Action, Plaint, Information, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or

in the benefi ^xc*(e> or other Person who shall have aided or assisted any such Officer, for or concerning any Act,

oahu aft^and Matter or Thing done or committed by them, or any of them, on Occasion of, or for, or by Reason afterwards pro or Means of any of the Offences, Frauds, Misdemeanours, or other Matters or Things intended to be re tecuting the m. ]eased and discharged by this Act, such Claim is and shall be deemed to be an absolute Discharge and

Release to such Officer or other Persons of and from all and every such Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions

; and such Officer or other Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in

Evidence;

and may plead

Assistnnts concerning the same.

Officers discharged, and may recover Cods against Persons claim

239

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 35.

Evidence; and the said Officer or other Person shall recover his Costs of Suit against the Person or Persons so bringing or commencing such Action or Prosecution.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person Persons having and Persons, who shall take, receive, cr be entitled to the Benefit of this present Act of Indemnity, and the Benefit of shall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the Offences, Trespasses, Frauds, or Misdemeanors, as afterward^gmi are herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, released, or discharged, or any of the ty of the like Offences hereafter in this Act to be mentioned or expressed, shall be subject and liable to be proi ecuted, offerees, hame not only for or in respect of such new Offence by him, her or them committed, but shall also for and in fr hot hornier respect of the said Offences committed before the making this Act, and for and in respect of all Bonds and new o'l and Securities by them or any of them given to his Majesty, or to any Person or Persons for his Ma fence, and for jetty's Use, commonly called Smugling Bonds, be subject and liable to all and every the same Pains, bons, inc. Penalties, Forfeitures and Actions, for Duties of Customs or Excise, and Actions upon the said

Bonds and Securities, as he, she, or they would have incurred or been subject or liable to, in case this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con (trued to This Aftnotto extend, to acquit, release or discharge any Judgement or Judgments, where the Moneys or other Things recovered have been actually levied or taken in Execution before the making of this Act; nor shall the same Moneys actually extend, or be con (trued to extend, to acquit, release, or discharge any Judgement or Judgments, in re levied,

spedt to such Part thereof as belongs to the Informer, or such Person or Persons who hath or have joined northelnfor with his Majesty in such Suit or Suits, wherein such Judgement or Judgments hath or have been obtain mer's Part of ed, unless and until such Person or Persons who would take the Benefit of this Act shall pay to such Int le Penalty' former or other Person or Persons the Full Costs of such Suit or Suits, in which such Judgement or Judgments shall have been obtained.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per jiameto^eiranf

fons who hath committed or been guilty of any of the Offence or Offences herein before mentioned, for ported for any which any such Person or Persons is or are by any Law or Statute now in being liable to be transported such offerees, as a Felon or Felons, shall for any of the said Offences take or receive the Benefit of this present Act, ^rfter daim and shall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the said Offences, for which he, she, or they is or ing the Benefit are now liable to be transported as aforesaid; all and every such Person and Persons (being duly con 10

victed of or for any of the said Offences hereafter to be committed as aforesaid, and upon due Proof u er eatu made that such Person or Persons had committed any of the said Offences before the making of

this Act, and had taken or received the Benefit thereof for his, her or their Discharge) shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. Provided also, That all Persons, who have compounded with or agreed to pay any Sum of Ado Persons neglea. ney by way of Composition to his Majesty, or to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's 7'reasury, in*j.1.0 paacom, " or to any of the Barons of the Exchequer, or to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectdeluded from' tively for the time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, for or in respect of any of the above-mentioned Of the Benefit of fences, or for the Forfeitures or Penalties arising thereby, shall make good such Compositions and Agree this Al3' ments as have been by them respectively made, or in Default thereof all and every such Persons shall be

excluded and deprived of and from all Benefit and Advantage of this Act. EXCEPTED and fore Excepted cmtob prized out of this Act, all Seizures of prohibited or uncustomed Goods and other Goods, and all Sei 'lli.s Aa au zures of Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages, liable to be seized and forfeited by Goodsfveffeis any Law in Being relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Custom or Excise, for or in respect of the For C feiture and Condemnation of such Goods only; and also saving and excepted out of this present Act Money due on unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Customs, Duties, and Sums of Money due and owing Entry of Good, from any Person or Persons, for or upon the Entry or lawful Importation of any Goods, Wares, or or Bond: Merchandizes; all and every Debts and Sums of Aioney due to his Majesty from any Person or Persons upon any Bond, Obligation, or other Contract or Agreement whatsoever, touching or concerning the lawful landing or importing any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or the Customs or other Duties due or payable for the same; and all Bonds and Obligations given by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise to his Majesty, or any of his Predecessors, or to any other Person or Persons for the Use of or in Trust for his said Majesty or his Predecessors; and also saving to his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Debts, Dues, and Demands, due or owing to his said Majesty for or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or any of his Royal Predecessors at any Time paid upon D., any Debenture or Debentures, Certificate or Certificates, where any such Debenture or Certificate was fvzyduiemiy ob wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same Debenture afterwards became void by any re tamed, landing of the Goods therein mentioned, or by any other Way or Means whatsoever; and all other and Actions Debts, Dues, and Demands, for and in respect of the Customs, Excise, and other Duties chargeable on now depending, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, ^concerning which there is any Action, Information, Suit, or Prosecution now depending in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Judgement Treasury may.

shall be given for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Suit or Suits depending in any of his Ma C es°vheremajesty's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere, on the Eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred judgement was and thirty-six, for t ie Recovery of any Debts, Dues, or Demands, due or owing to his said Majesty given for his for or in respect of any Money paid by him or his Royal Predecessors upon any Debenture or Debentures, on'ts

or Certificate or Certificates, where any such Debenture or Certificate was wrongfully or fraduiently ob n May 17^6, tained, or where the same became void by relanding the Goods therein mentioned, or by any other Ways relating to de or Adcans whatsoever; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea 'tntmcs' c- --. any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in case he or they shall.

240 C 35.

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

After 24 June 1736, any justice, on information upon Oath, that 3 or more Persons are assembled together, armed with firearms, C may grant a Warrant for

and commit them to the County Gaol;

shall think fit, to compound for, release, or discharge the same, notwithstanding any Appropriation thereof by any ACI or acts of Parliament, but so as all such Moneys which shall arise or be received by virtue of any such Composition, shall be applied in such Manner, and to such Uses, as the original Debts, Dues, or Demands recovered by such judgments are or would be applicable, if this act had not been made, or in a rateable Proportion where the same Debts, Dues, and Demands are applicable to different Uses.

X. And whereas diverse dissolute and disorderly Persons frequently appear in great Gangs near the

Seacoasts and the Shores of navigable Rivers, and in and about the Towns and Villages adjacent thereto, and in diverse other Parts of this Kingdom, carrying firearms or other offensive Weapons, to the great Terror of his Majesty's Subjects, and the Hindrance of the Civil Officers, and the Officers of the Customs and Excise, in the Execution and Discharge of their Duty, and during their Abode there commit great Spoil and Devaluation to the Estates thereabouts, in order to be aiding and alfift ing in the clandestine running, landing, or carrying away prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and to refeue the same after Seizure from the Officers of the Customs or Excise, and to watch for proper Opportunities

for that Purpose: whereas several Officers of the Revenue and others their Assistants

been wounded, maimed, and some of them murdered in the Execution of their Office, and great e Quantities of run Goods have been refeued after Seizure, and Sheriffs and other Civil Officers have been forcibly hindered from the Execution of Process; 'preventing thereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty - fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, upon Information to be given upon Oath before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in any County, City or Liberty whatsoever, that any Persons to the Number of three or more are or have been after the said twenty fourrh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, assembled for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and are or have been after the said twenty-fourth Day of June armed with firearms or other offensive Arms or Weapons; such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may grant his or their Warrant to the Constables, Headboroughs, and other Peace Officers whatsoever, or any of them, requiring such Officer and Officers respectively, to take to his and their Assistance as many of his Majesty's Subjects as may be thought northeast

tfcm 'Cn le cdiary for the apprehending all and every Person and Persons, against whom such Information shall be given as aforesaid, and such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may (if upon due Examination he or they find Cause) commit all and every or any of the said Person and Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she or they shall be discharged by due Course of Law; and all and every such Person and Persons upon due Proof of his, her or their being assembled Uonof their'be anc armed as aforesaid, in order to be aiding and assisting in the clandestine running, landing, refeuing, i>vairembied to or carrying away prohibited or uncustomed Goods, and upon Conviction of and for such Offence, shall assist in the run be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported as a Felon or Felons to some or one of his they shall bes' majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, there to remain for the Space of seven Years, in the transported for same Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an act made in the fourth Year of the Reign V. of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further pre the Aas 4 & J venting Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlaw Geo. 1. full Exporters of Worn, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates, and by another act

fgeo'i CV made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An A Clfor the better preventing rob gerson/return bery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and if any such of ing before the sender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before 'the Expiration of the said Term, ifach'te°m to contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so returning shall suffer as Felons, and have exe suffer Death cution awarded against them as Persons attainted of Felony without Benefit of the Clergy.

1 Reward

XI. And for the better Discovery and apprehending all and every the said Offender and Offenders, be for apprehend it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June ing, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, all and every Person or Persons, who shall apprehend and

take any Person or Persons guilty of any of the Offences lart before mentioned, shall have and receive for every such Offender who shall be convicted of any such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be paid in such Manner as herein after is mentioned, immediately after such Conviction and Demand thereof made by tendring a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, certifying the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, and 30 j. to Persons that he, she or they were taken by the Person or Persons claiming the said Reward; and that if any per prehtndin!'ap" on or ^crsons shall happen to lose any Limb, or an Eye, or be otherwise maimed or dangerously wound,

"'ed, in the apprehending, or in the endeavouring to apprehend, or making pursuit after, any such Offender or Offenders, all and every Person and Persons so maimed or wounded as aforesaid shall upon such Conviction as aforesaid have and receive the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any other Reward that he or they shall be entitled to by virtue of this Act; and that in case any Person or Persons shall liap fl ti offeddn s fca to killed in the taking or apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or in making pursuit af

"i! oi erster any fuc]j Offender or Offenders, that then the Executors or Administrators of such Person or Persons so killed as aforesaid (upon Certificate delivered under the Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices > Assize for the County where the fact was done, or the two next Justices of the Peace, of such Per or Persons being so killed, which Certificate the said Justice or Justices, upon sufficient Proof before: him or them made, is and are hereby required immediately to give without Fee or Reward) shall have and receive the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any other Reward that the Person or Persons so killed, his or their Executors or Administrators, shall or maybe iniitled to by virtue of this act. offenders disco

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Offender or Offenders shall within three Accomplices Months after such his, her or their Offence, and before his, her or their Conviction, discover two or

and 501. to the Executors of Persons killed

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II.

C 35. 241

more of his, her or their Accomplices therein to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in England % Months after or Scotland respectively, so as they or two of them at lead be conviiled of such Offence, the Offender or commfflio offenders so discoveiing shall have and receive the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offender so dilco nfisof tin curve red and conviiled, as a Reward for such his, her or their Discovery, and every such Person so discover to be

ing shall be clearly acquitted and discharged of such his, her or their Offence; all which said Rewards shall be paid in such Manner as herein after is mentioned. _ _ Reward. 5

XII. And whereas the Laws in Being have hitherto proved insufficient for preventing the carrying Two or more prohibited and uncustomed Goods through the Country with an armed Force; 'For Remedy thereof, Person; found be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of wdhm June on thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, all Persons who to the Number of two or more in Com Df the sl a, or jiany shall be found passing within five Miles from the Seacoasts, or from any navigable River, with»navigable ri one or more Ilorfe or Horses, or with any Cart or Carriage, whereon there shall be laden or put more lo 'km

than six Pounds of Tea, or Brandy or other Spirits exceeding the Quantity of five Gallons, not having wuh6ib.'ortta. paid the Duties by Law charged thereon, and not having a Permit for the same, or any other foreign s Gallons of Goods or Commodities above the Va'ue of thirty Pounds Sterling landed from any Ship or Vessel with spfrvts^ see out the due Entry and Payment of the Duties by Law charged thereon, and shall carry any offensive having paid t'.w Arms or Weapons, or wear any Vizard, Mask, or other Dilguife, when passing with such Goods and p^ty, and bear commodities as aforesaid, or shall forcibly hinder, obstruct, assault, oppose or refill any of the Officers afm°sfcnnrr'b'ing of the Customs or Excise in the seizing or securing any Sort of prohibited, uncustomed or run Goods masked, C to or Commodities, or other the Execution of their Office, shall be deemed and taken to be Runners ofbcdcedi!un foreign Goods and Commodities within the Intent and Meaning of one at of Parliament made in the^of foreign eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty George the First, intitu'ed. An Act to prevent the clan, 'C LI dejline running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Ahiarentine \ and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject, although no Proof shall be given or made that such Tea,

Brandy, Spirits or other Goods or Commodities were run, or had not been duly entered and paid the Duties chargeable thereon; but the Proof of such Entry and Payment of the Duties, and of the Manner The Proof of how the salt! Persons so found with the said Goods and Commodities came by the lame, shall wholr lie men?of Dufies on such Person and Persons; all and every Person and Persons being conviiled of or for any of the tofeontherer said Offences shall be adjudged gu lty of Felony, and shall for his, her or their Offence, be transported fons found with as a Felon or Felons to some one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, there to remain for h Gdgcls< the Space of seven Years, in such Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by the said two Acts made for that Purpose in the fourth and ftxtli Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, herein before particularly mentioned; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the said seven Years, he or they !o returning shall fuller as Felons, and have Execution awarded against him, her or them, as Persons attainted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Goods, Wares and Mcr allgoods.wea cliandizes, so found as aforesaid, and all Weapons and Arms, as well offensive as defensive, found and spackaecuo? upon or with such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all the Furniture of their and every of their Coods io round, Horse and Horses, and other Cattle and Carriages, and the Chests, Boxes, Bags, Casks and other forfeited. Package of all Goods so found as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of the Customs or The 501. re f.xcise shall lose any Limb or an Eye, or be otherwise maimed, or dangerously wounded, by any Ofwounded inf°p sender or Offenders herein last mentioned, in the Execution of the Duty of his Office, or if any such Officer prehending,

or other Person whatsoever shall be so maimed or wounded as aforesaid, in the apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or making Pursuit after any such Offender or Offenders, all and every such Officer and Officers, Person and Persons, so maimed and wounded as aforesaid, shall upon the Conviction cf such Offender or Offenders have and receive as a Reward the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any other Reward that lie or they shall be entitled to by virtue of this Act; and in case any Person or Persons shall nd to the exe happen to be killed in the taking or apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or in making Pursuit fonskiuedm' after, any such Offender or Offenders, that then the Executors or Administrators of such Person cr Per apprehending. Ions so killed as aforesaid (upon Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices of Assize for the County where the Sail was done, or the two next Justices of the Peace, of such Person or Persons bring so killed, which Certificate the said Justice or Justices, upon sufficient Proof before him or them made, is and are hereby required immediately to give without Fee or Reward) shall have and receive the Sum of fif.y Pounds over and above any other Reward that the Person or Persons so killed, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, shall or may be entitled to by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the la d twenty-fourth Day of June one thou 2|' d to thedif

land seven hundred and thirty-six, if any Person or Persons shall, within three Months after an y of acsipl?tes'e!* the said Offences herein lull before mentioned shall have been committed, discover to the Commis '*

sioners of the Customs or Excise in England or Scotland respectively, any Person or Persons who shall have been guilty of any such Offence, To as such Offender or Offenders be convicted thereof, fuel)

Discoverer or Discoverers shall have and receive the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offender so discovered and conviiled, over and above any other Reward or Recompense which he, she or they may be entitled to by any Law or Statute now in being.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Cu jhere^efiive (lams and Excise in England and Scotland respectively shall cause the several Rewards in this Act be receiversni.se, fore respectively mentioned to be paid to the several and respective Persons who shall become entitled i, by Order ot

Vol. VI I i thereto cwwiiflionw,

242 C 35. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

f t^ereca as aforesaid, by the respective receiver-general or Cashier, or other proper Officer of the offendjrvcon Customs and Excise for the time being, out of any public Money in his or their Hands under the yiftion. Management of the said Commissioners, upon producing to them a Certificate or Certificates under

vie Hand or Hands of the Judge or Judges of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, certifying his, her or their Conviction, or upon producing such Certificate of any such Commissioners Persons being so killed as aforesaid, as is herein before mentioned; and that if any Dispute shall arise sharisen case of between the Persons so entitled to the said Rewards, or any of them, about their respective Shares and Difference Proportions thereof, the same shall be divided to and amongst such Persons as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively, or to the major Part of them shall seem just and reasonable; and the Money paid by any receiver-general, Cashier or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be accepted of, and allowed in his Accounts, as so much Money paid to his Majesty, and every such Officer is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any Lav, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons lurking

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Information to be given upon ol* the sea^cma Oath before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in any County, City or Liberty what navigable River, soever, that auv Person or Persons are or dull be lurking, waiting or loitering within five Miles from the Seacoast, or trom any navigable River, and that there is Reason to suspect that they wait with Intent to be aiding and assisting in the running, landing or carrying away, any prohibited or uncustomed Goods, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Justice or Justices to cause all such Persons to come and be brought before him or them, and to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants for the apprehending such not giving a fa Offender, and bringing him or them before any of his Majesty's said Justices of the Peace; and if such vsiadtory Ac persons shall not give: i satisfactory Account of themselves, and their Callings and Employments, or Rice' to be lent" otherwise make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices that they are not to be employed to the House of or concerned in, or to be aiding or assisting in the carrying on any fradulent or clandestine Trade, or un curredtion, lawful Business or Occupation, and are not at such Place as aforesaid with Intent to carry on the said to hard La bo uf clandestine Practises, then every Person who shall not give such Account and Satisfaction to such Justice aos. Reward per m Justices shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard La head to the m bour for any Time which such Justice or Justices shall in his or their Discretion think meet, not ex offenders to cee bng one Month, and that the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively shall cause be paid by the to be paid to the Person or Persons informing of such Offender or Offenders a Reward of twenty Shil of lings per Head for every such Offender so taken as aforesaid.

Persons sap

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person prehended deft so brought before such Justice or Justices shall desire Time for the making it appear that he or they is or clear^themfe°ves are not concerned in any of the fraudulent or clandestine Practises above-mentioned, such Person or per of the Accusa fons shall not be punished by whipping or other Correction; but that then, and in every such Case, it tron, to be only shall and may be lawful to and for every such Justice and Justices to commit such Person and Persons to the si common Gaol, there to remain and continue until he or they shall give such Account of him or thetn tisfamion or Southeast selves, or make Proof of the Matters aforesaid to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, or until such cuiitygiven, not Person or Persons shall give and find good and sufficient Security to the Approbation and Satisfaction theiiiwot "0 of the said Justice or Justices, not to be guilty cf any of the said Offences, cr fraudulent, clandestine fences.*or indirect Practises.

Tea Brandy, C

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth ffered to Sale, 'Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, if any Person shall offer any Tea, Brandy, ar y. ith or without rack, Rum, or ocher Strong Waters or Spirits to Sale, not having a Permit for the same, or if any Haw k lipped on"v ker. Pedlar, Petty Chapman or any other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town, or to Sufpidon. other Mens Houses, and trading either on Foot, or with any Horse or Hories, or other Cattle, or otherwise, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall offer any such Tea, Brandy or other Spirits to Sale, although such Hawker, Pedlar or trading Person or Persons, shall have a Permit for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person and Persons to whom the same shall be so offered to Sale, to flop, arrest, seize and detain all such Tea, Brandy or Spirits, and carry the same to the next ware house belonging to the Customs or Excise, and to bring the Person and Persons so offering the same to the person(lop Sale before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be by him committed to Prison, and

pi ng such goods

prosecuted for the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for such Offence; and such Tea, Brandy or other Spirits i"aiuspowncute all anc may lje profccuicd in the Name of such Person or Persons who stopped or seized the same, in Name, and on like Manner as if the said Goods had been seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise; and after Recovery be in condemnation of the Goods, and Commitment of the Persons so ostend ng as aforesaid, the Persons so partofth 7pjo 'zn the same as aforesaid shall be entitled to one third Part of the grots Produce of the Sale of such Luce at Safe. Goods, which the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively are to cause to be paid accord of ingly; and in care such Person or Persons, so seizing the said Goods, shall desire it, the said commis p^pound for" ^10ners shall in the mean Time, till the said Goods can be publicly sold, cause one Shilling for every Tea, and is. per Pound of Tea, and one Shilling for every Gallon of Brandy so seized, to be paid or advanced to such Gallon for Bran Person or Persons, upon a Certificate under the Hand of such Justice or Justices of such Offender or of fbe Prosecutor0 en: 'ers being committed to Prison, and after the Sale of such Goods the Moneys so paid or advanced shall tin Sale.'be replaced out of the Prodiiee of such Sale; any Lav, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

w june

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth: nen', Porters', Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, all Watermm, Carmen, Porters and o.her per j. found w'th fons whatsoever, employed in carrying any Goods, Wares cr Merchandizes prohibited, run or clar.de prohibited or destinely imported, upon whom, or in whose Custody, the same shall be found or seized, knowing the foil'it°rebic the ^amc Goods to be prohibited, or to have been olandeftiuely ran or imported without Payment of the Du value. ties

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 35. 243

ties of Customs or Excise respectively, and who shall be thereof lawfully convicted upon his, her or their Appearance or Default upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnessgs, or by the Confession of the Party before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, division, or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed or the Offender found (which Oath such Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required to administer) shall forfeit treble the Value of all such Goods so sound and seized, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; the same to be levied by di stress and Sale of the offender's Goods or Chattles, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid; and for want of such Distress every such Offender shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour for any Time that such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall in his or their Discretion judge meet, not exceeding three Months.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid twenty yeffe!'. arriving fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, where any Ship or Vessel whatsoever [1'°. coming or arriving from Foreign Parts, and having on Board six Pounds of Tea, or any Foreign Brandy, Pounds of Tea Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or other Spirits whatsoever, in Casks under sixty Gallons (except only n Board, or for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gal casts under'61 Ions for each Seaman) shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of Gallons (except this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Shore, or shall be discovered to have been within f he LI for lie use of mits of any Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting (unless in case of hoterine within unavoidable Necessity, and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress the Master, Purser or two Leagues of other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and the Shore, make Proof of before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the said Port) all such Tea, Foreign Brandy, Ar all such Goods rack, Rum, Strong Waters and Spirits, together with the Cherts, Boxes, Casks, and other package e^b/for whatsoever, containing the same Goods, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether Bulk felted, shall then have been broken or not) and the same Goods and Package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the Value thereof sued for by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in such Manner and Form as herein after is expressed; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas Foreign Goods are frequently taken out of Ships at Sea without the Limits of < any Port, with Intent to be fraudulently landed in this Kingdom; 'For preventing thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, shall af After 13 Sept, ter the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, by any Ship, Boat or Goods tlan"'n Vessel whatsoever, be taken in at Sea, or put out of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, within the Dillance orp°utomof any of four Leagues from any of the Coasts of this Kingdom (whether the same be within or without the Vessel within Limits of any of the Ports thereof) without Payment of the Customs and other Duties due and payable fhebrituhcoafts for the same (unless in case of apparent Necessity or some other lawful Reason, of which the Master or without Pay' other Person having Charge of inch Ship, Vessel or Boat, so taking in the same, shall give immediate m«nt of Cu notice to, and make Proof before the Chief Officer or Officers ohhe Customs of the first Poit of this caf^of apparent Kingdom where he shall arrive) such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, shall be forfeited and lost, and Necessity) to be die Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship, Vessel or Boat so taking in the same, and all forfeited, such Persons who shall be aiding, assisting or otherwise concerned in the unshipping or receiving of the 'cd toforfek^ said Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof; and the Ships, Boats and Treble the Va vessels, into which the said Goods, Wares and Merchandizes shall be unshipped. and taken in, shall also iue> and the be forfeited and lost, any Ship, Boat or Vessel, so to be forfeited and lost, not exceeding the Burden of if not above one hundred Tuns; and the Master, Purser or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel out of Tuns, which such Goods shall be taken (unless in case of such apparent Necessity or other lawful Reason, whereof Notice shall be given by him, and Proof be made as aforesaid) shall also forfeit Treble the value of the Goods so unshipped as aforesaid; Forfeitures shall be divided and recovered in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso oi. Penalty oh ever shall offer any Bribe, Recompense or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers of the Customs offering to bribe or Excise, to connive at or permit any custoimble or prohibited Goods to be run on Shore, or to con c'omffvar'ce°&c. nive at any false or Short Entry of any such Goods, or 10 do any aether Act whereby his Majesty might u'be defrauded in his said Revenues, every such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence (whether

the same Offer or Proposal shall be accepted or not) forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and divided in such Manner as herein after is mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the several Penalties Forfeitures bow and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall be to the Use of his Majesty, Iris Heirs and Successors, and and ifwbutoa. the other Moiety shall be to the Use of such Person and Persons as shall inform, prosecute or sue for the "

same (except in such Cases where any other Appropriation or Distribution of the said Penalties is made by this Act, or, by any other Act or Acts) and that all the same Penalties and Forfeitures shall ard may be prosecuted and sued for, and the Causes and Controversies arising thereupon, tried, heard, and determined, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively (except where any Provision to the contrary is made by this or any other Law ov Statute now in Force) wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance Actions of af shall be allowed. ficsivmay be"

XXVI. And, for the better and more, impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall tried in any be found, commenced or prosecuted, for any Assault made or committed upon any of the Officers of the County of Hng

I i 2. customs!s, ld'

244 C 35.

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

All Goods found concealed after the matter's Report at the cu ttom house, forfeited,

and the Matter, ire. to forfeit Treble the Va

1 ic.

persons forcibly obstructing or wounding Officers on board in the Execution of their Offices, to be transported, not exceeding 7 Years,

as other Felons by the Acts 4 & 6 Geo. I.

Officers may go on board coasting Vessels, and search for prohibited Goods,

and continue on board during the Vetters Stay in the Port.

1001. Penalty on obstructing Officers.

Tool. Penalty on Alehouse Men, C knowingly harbouring any Person against whom Proeefs hath issued for obttruc ting officers, C

Customs or Excise; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the same Offence had been therein committed.

XXVII. And whereas in Ships from Foreign Parts Goods are often concealed in false Bulk Heads, between the Linings and false Knees, or in concealed Lockers, or in the Ballad or false Package, C and other Places, which the Officers of the Customs cannot easily find out or discover, in order to their being landed without Payment of Duties, and such Goods are not by any Law liable to Forfeiture, ' unless the same be found after clearing the Ship by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs; 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods which shall be found concealed as aforesaid, or concealed in any other Place on board any Ship or Vessel at any time after the Mailer thereof shall have made his Report at the cuilom house, and which shall not be comprised or mentioned in the said Report, shall be forfeited and (oft, and shall and may be. seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the Master, Purler or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel (in case it can be made appear that lie was any ways consenting or privy to such Fraud or Concealment) shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Goods so found, to be divided and recovered in such Manner as herein before is mentioned.

XXVIII. And whereas the Punishment to which such Persons as shall forcibly obstruct or hinder any Officer of the Customs or Excise, being on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, are liable by Law, hath proved insufficient For preventing the said Offences, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, being on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, be forcibly hindered, opposed, obstructed, wounded or beaten, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, either in the Day or Night, all and every Person and Persons so forcibly hindering, opposing, obstruefting, wounding or beating the said Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Office, and all such as shall aift in their Aid or Aflillance, being convicted thereof, shall by Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, be transported to some of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, for such Term as such Court shall think fit, not exceeding leven Years, in the same Manner as by one Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates; and by one other Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons; the Offenders Therein mentioned are to be transported to the said Colonies and Plantations; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the said Term, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so returning shall suffer as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid'( '( from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, producing his or their Warrant or Deputation, Warrants or Deputations (if required) to go on board and enter into any Coalting Ship or Vessel, which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, and to rummage and search the Cabin and all other Parts of all such Coalting Ships or Vessels, for prohibited and uncuftcmed Goods, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorised and empowered today and remain on board all such Ships and Vessels, during the whole Time that the same (stall continue within the Limits of any such Port as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall obstruct, oppose, molest, let or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in going or remaining on Board any such Coalting Ship or Vessel, or in the entering or searching the Cabin, or any other Part thereof, every such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence, forteit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be divided and recovered in such Manner as herein before is expressed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who keep or shall keep any Tavern, Alehouse, Vidtuailing house, or other House where Ale, Wine, Brandy or other strong Liquors shall be sold by Retale, shall after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, knowingly receive, harbour or entertain any Person or Persons against whom any Capias or other Proeefs of Arrest shall have issued, for having beat, abused or obstructed any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the Execution of their Office, or for any Offence or Offences that are or shall be committed against any of the Laws now in being for preventing Frauds in relation to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or for any Crime or Crimes whatsoever that shall be committed or done in Prejudice of the said Revenue, and to which Capias or other Proeefs the Sheriff or other Officer having Execution of the said Prt cess shall have returned, that such Person or Persons cannot be found, and which Person or Persons shall not have appeared to the said Proeefs, or for any other Offence, Fraud or Misdemeanour in this Act mentioned, or to the Prejudice of his Majesty's cu storns or Excise, or shall knowingly harbour, receive or entertain any Person or Persons, who having been in Prison for any of the said Offences shall have escaped, or who shall have been convicted for the same, and shall fly from Justice, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and divided in such Manner as is herein before expressed, and be rendered incapable of having a Licence for keeping or of keeping any Tavern, Alehouse or Victualling house, or selling Wine, Ale, Brandy or other strong Liquors by Retale, for the future.

Anno nono Georgii II.

C 35- 245

d Kranc ecialwarrants prehend

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, That no Persons shall suffer any Penalty or Disability for such receiving, after 6daysko_ harbouring or entertaining, unless public Notice shall have been first given six Days before in two successive Gazettes, of the absconding of the Person or Persons who shall be so received, harboured or enter person's attained, and also by Writing to be fixed to the Door of the Parish Church where such Person or Persons bonding, and lart dwelled before his absconding. doc^of the0

XXXII. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Bailiffs and other Officers hav Church.

ing the Execution of Process in the several Counties, Cities and Liberties of this Kingdom, often hold

Correspondence with the Persons guilty of the several illegal Practises herein before mentioned, and give them Notice when any Writ or Process issues against them, whereby they escape from Justice;

For Remedy thereof, Ve it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Sheriffs, may twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, where any Writ of Capiat, or ors c. 0, ke other Process, shall issue out of any Court, directed to any Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff or other Person hav known

ing the Execution of Process in any County, City or Liberty, against any Person who shall be guilty of, Solicitor for the or prosecuted for, any Offence whatsoever contrary to any of the Laws or Statutes now in being relating 9orex- to his majesty's laid Revenues of Customs or Excite, every such Sheriff, Mayor or Bailiff, and other Per specialv fons having Execution of Process as aforesaid, and their and every of their under sheriffs, Deputies and for appi other Persons aifting for them in the said Office and Offices respectively, shall, and are hereby enjoined ins°: nders' and required, upon the Request or Application of any one of the known Solicitors for the Customs or Excise (such Request to be in Writing endorsed upon the Back of the said Process, and timed by such Solicitor with his Name and Addition of Solicitor for the Cujfoms or Excise, as the Case shall happen to be) to grant a special Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons as shall be named to them by tuch Solicitor, for the apprehending such Offender and Offenders, or in Default thereof, every such Sheriff', Mayor,

Bailiff, under sheriff and other Person acting in the said Office or Offices respectively, shall be subject and liable to such Process of Contempt, Fines, Amerciaments, Penalties and Forfeitures, as they or any of them are now by any Law, Custom or Usage liable to in case of refusing or neglecting to execute the like Process, where the Defendant might have been taken thereupon, in the common and usual Method of Proceeding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That all and every such Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, sheriffs, may under sheriff and other Person so granting or making out such special Warrant as aforesaid, shall be and P" > sud, Special they are hereby saved harmless and indemnified against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against Warrants, fav all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, of and from all Escapes of any Person or Persons ed harmless who shall or may be taken by virtue of any such Warrant as aforesaid, which shall or may happen from from Escapes. the Time of the taking such Offender or Offenders, till he, she or they shall be committed to the proper Gaol or Prison, or offered and tendered to the gaol keeper or other Person having Charge of such Gaol or prison (who is hereby enjoined and required to receive every such Person or Persons so apprehended as aforesaid, and give a Receipt for his and their Body and Bodies) and of and from all acttions, prosecutions, Process of Contempt, and other Proceedings whatsoever, for or by reason of any such Escape; Law. Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas by the present Practice of the Court of Exchequer, and elsewhere, it is become rrecessary for all Officers of the Customs and Excise, and other Officers of the Revenue, upon the Trial of any Information of Seizure, to give Proof of the exact Method and Manner of making the Seizure, with an Account of the Form of Words used on that Occasion, notwithstanding the Defendant in such Cause does, on the claiming of such Goods, acknowledge that a Seizure of them hath been made, whereby there often happens a Failure of Justice, and his Majesty, and the Officer making the Seizure, and prosecuting the same, are frequently defeated of their Right without entering into the Merits of the Cause For Remedy thereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on all in Trials of Sei trials of Seizures whatsoever in the Court of Exchequer, or elsewhere, the Seizure, together with the zures, jud^esto Method and Form of making it, shall be taken to have been made by the Person or Persons who shall in £ierfts cfws' form and sue for the same, and to be done in the Manner as set forth in the Information, without any Cauls, without Evidence thereof; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Seizures shall be inquiring into brought to Trial or Hearing, aie hereby required to proceed to the Trial of the Merits of the Cause, of nufidng without inquiring into the Eacft, Form or Manner of making the Seizure. Seizure.

XXXV. And whereas it frequently happens that several evil minded and desperate Persons, in order to carry on without Controui the wicked Practises aforesaid, do in a public and avowed Manner, and with an armed Force, pass and repass through several Countries with large Quantities of Tea, Brandy,

and other prohibited and uncustomed Goods, whereby the Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Excise

either deterred from doing their Duty, or in doing it are beat, wounded, maimed and freque: tly

murdered For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per Offices and soils passing as aforesaid with prohibited or uncustomed Goods, and armed with Guns, Pistols, Cutlasses, )jlr Affiflatits or other offensive Weapons, shall hinder, molest or refill, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Force forrce, Excise, who in the Execution of his or their Duty shall endeavour or offer to search for, take or seize, any prohibited or uncustomed Goods from any Person or Persons so passing with such Goods, and armed as aforesaid, by beatirg, maiming or wounding any of the Officers above-mentioned, or other Persons acting in their Assistance, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for all Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and all Persons by them called to their Assistance, who are so refilled, anc] vvj, en cito onpose Force to Force, and to endeavour by the same Methods that art violently used against them, liedbwore a and by which their Lives are endangered, to defend themselves, and execute the Duty of their Office;, fcr and if any Person so hindering, molesting or refilling the Officers aforesaid or their Alhstants, shall in so mu'f rjvtr doing be wounded, maimed or killed, and the said Officers and their Assistants shall be sued, molested fm infodicar?, or prosecuted for the said beating, maiming or killing; such Officer and Officers, and Person and Persons

246 C 36.

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

acting in their Assistance, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this act and the special Matter thereof in Evidence in his and their Defence; and all his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and other Justices and Persons before whom any such Officer or Officers or other Persons acting in their Assistance shall or may be brought for or on Account of any such wounding, maiming or killing as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such Person and Persons so brought before him or them as aforesaid to Bail; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

This Act not to

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Person profecu to indemnify, release or discharge any Person or Persons from or against any Suit, Information or proie ted by the e.ifl -- cution, by or on the Behalf of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, India Company, commenced or to be commenced, as well for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as for their/elves, or for themselves only, or from or against any Penalty, Forfeiture or Demand, or Right of Suit for the same, which the said United Company are by Law infilled unto; anything in this at contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ablion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Oerferal Issue. Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Mile, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against Treble Costs, the Plaintiff, the Defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any of the Judges thereof, or the Court of Judiciary in Scotland respectively, from bailing any Person committed for Felony by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they may by Law do in other Cases of Felony.

J. Geo. 2. c. 31. is Geo. 2. C ss. 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 2s Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2,

The Court of King's Bench, or Judiciary in Scotland, not retrained from bailing Persons committed on this Act > 18 & 29.

'Concerning Cuform % see farther 32 Geo. 2. r. to.

CAP. XXXVI.

[Preamble.]

'For former Laws concerning Mortmain, refer to 9W.3.JP. j. C 36. 7 Ed. 1. sat. 2. 33 Ed. 7. sat. I. <. 32.

18 Ed. 1, sat. i. 3.

27 Ed. j. sat. 2. is Ed. 3. sat. 3.

15 R. 2. C 5.

23 H. 8. C 10.

3 & 2 P. & M. C 8.

39 Elix. C 5.

21 Jac. 1. C 1. 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 12.

7 8 JV. 3. C 37.

After 24 June 3736, no Manors, Lands, ro. nor Money to be l.iidoutin Lands, to be given for charitable Uses, unless by Deed indented, and executed before 2 Witnesses 32 Months before the Death of the Donor, andinrolled, SC. The said Limitations not to extend to pur uhafes ortrans fers made for Valuable con iiderations. Gifts, Sec, made after 24 June 3736, otherwise lban directed by this Act, to be abfohjtely v pl

An act to restrain the Disposition of lands, whereby the same become unalienable.

WHEREAS Gifts or Alienations of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Mortmain, are prohibited or restrained by Magna Charta, and diverse other wholesome Laws, as prejudicial to and against the common Utility; nevertheless this public Mischief has of late greatly increased by many large and improvident Alienations or Dispositions made by languishing or dying Persons, or by other Persons, to Uses called Charitable Ufa, to take Place after their Deaths, to the Ditherifon of their lawful Heirs; 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament affinn bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no Manors, Lands, 7'eneinents, Rents, Advowsons or other Hereditaments, Corporeal or Incorporeal whatsoever, nor any Sum or Sums of Money, Goods, Chattles, Stocks in the public Funds, Securities for Money, or any other Feifonal Estate whatsoever, to be laid out or disposed of in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be given, granted, aliened, limited, released, transferred, assigned or appointed, or any ways conveyed or settled to or upon any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, or otherwise, lor any Estate or Interest whatsoever, or any ways charged or encumbered by any Person or Persons whatsoever, in Trust, or for the Benetit of any charitable Uses whatsoever; such Gift, Conveyance, Appointment or Settlement of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Sum or Sums of Money, or personal Estate (other than Stocks in the public Funds) be and be made by Deed indented, sealed and delivered in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses twelve Calendar Months at leaf! before the Death of such Donor or Grantor (including the Days of the Execution and Death) and be enrolled in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, within six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof; and unless such Stocks be transferred in the public Books usually kept for the Transfer of Stocks six Calendar Months at least before the Death of such Donor or Grantor (including the Days of the Transfer and Death) and unless the fame"be made to take Effect in Posseillon for the charitable Use intended, immediately from the making thereof, and be without any Power of Revocation, Reservation, Trust, Condition, Limitation, Clause or Agreement whatsoever, for the Benefit of the Donor or Grantor, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein before mentioned relating to the sealing and delivering of any Deed or Deeds twelve Calendar Months at least before the Death of the Grantor, 'or to the Transfer of any sto clc six Calendar Months before the Death of the Grantor or Person making such Transfer, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Purchase of any Estate or Interest in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Transfer of any Stock, to be made really and bona fide for a full and valuable Consideration actually paid at or before the making such Conveyance or Transfer without Fraud or col luiion.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gifts, Grants, Conveyances, Appointments, Afftirances, Transfers and Settlements whatsoever, of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments.

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II.

C 37. 247

reditaments, or of any Estate or Interest therein, or of any Charge or Encumbrance a/rdting or to affedfc any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Stock, Money, Goods, Chattles or other Personal Estate, or Securities for Money to be laid out or disposed of in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Ell ate or Interest therein, or of any Charge or Encumbrance affecting or to affect the same, to or in Fruft for any charitable Uses whatsoever, which shall at any Time from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be made in any other Manner or Form than by this Act is directed and appointed, shall be absolutely, and to all Intents and Purposes, null and void.

IV. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to make void the Dispositions of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Personal Estate to be laid out in the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be made in any other Manner or Bnt not to Pre form than by this Act is directed, to or in Trust for either of the two Universities within that Part of Wdice 'hc 1 Great Britain called England, or any of the Colleges or Houses of Learning within either of the said Uni, ot Versities, or to or in 'I'rust for the Colleges of Eton, Winchester, or Westminster, or any or either of Eton, Winche them, for the better Support and Maintenance of the Scholars only upon the Foundations of the said fter> r West colleges of Eton, jvmchester, and Westminster. _ n" n er

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such College or House College toj

of Learning, which doth or shall hold or enjoy so many Advowsons of Ecclesiastical Benefices as are vcwfontthan" or shall be equal in Number to one Moiety of the Fellows or Perlcms usually styled or reputed as Fellows, shall be equal tp or, where there are or shall be no Fellows or Persons usually styled or reputed as Fellows, to one >m°iety of their Moiety of the Students upon the Foundation, whereof any such College or House of Learning doth or 0vl5' vc'

may by the present Constitution of such College or House of Learning consist, shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, be capable of purchasing, acquiring, receiving, taking, holding or enjoying any other Advowsons of Ecclesiastical Benefices by any

Means whatsoever; Advowsons of such Ecclesiastical Benefices as are annexed to, or given for the Benefit or better Support of the Headlliips of any of the said Colleges or Houses of Learning, not being computed in the Number of Advowsons hereby limited.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to This Act not to

the Disposition, Grant or Settlement of any Estate real or personal, lying or being within that Part of at: S

Great Britain called Scotland. '

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for further Encouraging and Regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain hath been found of great Use and Be Preamble;

nefif to this Nation, by having given a comfortable Support and Maintenance to many of his formerprom/tm* Majesty's Subjects employed in the manufacturing thereof; and there is Reason to believe, that if r!cyjg1_

tnp tinfipc r\l /'vrx fnrptn n IV Noil lrtfli trvi into f nick 1 n ndn ni tx: m oro 1 Irr La. - o Tf/ -,

24 June all So

1 Stamps.

by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand After 14 seven hundred and thirty-six, all foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas usually entered as Hollands Duck, r de or Vitry Canvas, which shall be fit and proper to be made use of for the making of Sails for navigating cifthtmportu Ships and Vessels, and which (trail be imported into Great Britain by way of Merchandise, and for asmerchandize, which any Duties have been granted, or are made payable, or which ought to be paid to his Majesty, folie rtamped^at (trail be stamped at the Time of landing thereof at or in the Port or Place where the same shall be im ing. orco an ported or landed, as hereafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs in Commissioners Great Britain shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and of, !, e Customs. thirty-six, provide or cause to be provided such or so many Stamps, with which all the said imported £° provioe 1 e foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, upon or after the Duty paid, shall be stamped; and shall for that'

Purpose cause such respective Stamps to be distributed to the respective proper Officers of the Customs of all and every the Port and Ports where such foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas shall be imported or landed; which said Officers are hereby enjoined and required to stamp every such Piece and Parcel of foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, which said Stamp shall express or denote the Place or Country from whence the said foreign made Cloth or Canvas was imponed; and the said Commissioners in providing the said Stamps for the Purposes aforesaid shall take care that they be so contrived, that the impression thereof may be durable, and so as the same may be the leaf! liable to be forged or counterfeited; and that the said Stamps shall or may be altered or renewed from time to time as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any rhyme or times from and 50l. Penalty an after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, counterfeit or coul', erreitins forge any Stamp which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, or the laraps7 shall counterfeit or resemble the Impreftlon of the same upon any of the said foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas chargeable with any Duty by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made on that Behalf,

thereby

or selling with counterfeit Stamp.

Alter 29 Sept. 1736, Makers of brttiflisail Cloth to stamp their Names and Places of Abode on evfry Piece,

on Penalty of to 1. for each Piece,

51. Penalty on wilfully obliterating the Stamp, or affixing another person's Stamp.

50l. Penalty on every Ship built in Great Britain, or British Plantations in America, not having a corn pleat Set of Sails of British Sail Cloth.

2.01, Penalty on working uo Foreign made Sail Clothnot damped.

The Dimensions and Weight of British made Sail Cloth, after zg Sept. 1736.

C 37. Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties thereby granted; then every such Person so offending, and duly convitfted thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand i'even hundred and thirty-six, (ell or expose to Sale any such foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and every such Offender and Offenders, being duly convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And, for the better ascertaining and distinguishing the Sail Cloth of the British Manufacture from such foreign Sail Cloth as aforesaid, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Manufacturer or Maker of Sail Cloth in Great Britain shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, affix or impress, or cause to be affixed or impressed, on every Piece of Sail Cloth by him manufactured or made, a Stamp containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Manufacturer or Maker, in plain distinct Letters and Words at length; and if any Manufacturer or Maker of Sail Cloth or other Person shall sell or expose to Sale, or work up into Sails, any Piece or Bolt of British Sail Cloth without being stamped as aforesaid, such Manufacturer or Maker or other Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Town where the said Offence shall be committed (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for each and every Piece of Sail Cloth by him or them sold or exposed to Sale, or worked up into Sails, not being stamped as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut off, destroy or obliterate any Stamp so affixed or impressed as aforesaid (except in the tarring or working up the same) or shall affix or impress any Stamp, on which shall be stamped the Name or Place of Abode of any other Person or Persons, and not his or their real Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode; such Person or Persons being convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; which said last mentioned Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and shall go and be applied to the Use of the Infoimer or Informers.

IV. And for the better encouraging the Use and Consumption of the said Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, every Ship or Vessel which shall be built in Great Britain, and from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, every Ship or Vessel which shall be built in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, shall upon her first setting out or being first navigated at Sea have or be furnished with one full and complete Set of Sails made up of Sail Cloth manufactured in Great Britain; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall not on her first setting out be fitted and furnished as aforesaid, that then and for every such Neglect or Default the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sunt of fifty Pounds.

V. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no Sail Maker or other Person in this Kingdom mall make or work up into Sails ortarpawlins any foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, which shall be imported after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, not stamped according to the Directions of this Act; and in case any Sail Maker or any other Person shall make or work up into Sails or tarpaw lins any foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, other than as aforesaid, such Sails and Tarpawlins shall be forfeited, and such Sail Maker or such other Person shall likewise forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, all Sail Cloth which shall be made in Great Britain, shall be made and manufactured in the Manner and according to the Directions herein after mentioned; that is to say, Every Piece or Bolt of British Sail Cloth that shall be twenty-four Inches in Breadth and thirty-eight Yards in Length, shall respectively weigh according to the respective Numbers and Weights hereafter mentioned; that is to say.

Number

1-

2-

3-4' 5' 6-

7-

8-

9'

10-

- 44-

- 41

- 38

35

32

29

24

21

18

Pounds each Bolt.

5-1

VII. And in case any Piece or Bolt of any or either of such respective Numbers, Kinds or Sorts of ( British Sail Cloth shall be made of a different Breadth or Length than before mentioned; such Piece or r il j)t of British Sail Cloth shall be increased or diminished in Weight in Proportion to the Difference in such Length or Breadth as aforesaid, and shall be marked or stamped with such respeeflive Number as shall be agreeable to the Weight thereof; and the Wharp or Chain of each and every Piece or Bolt of I the first six Numbers of such British Sail Cloth; that is to say, from Number i. to Number 6. inclusive, shall be wholly wrought and made of double Yarn, and shall contain in every Piece or Bolt of

such

A.D. 1736. Anno nono Georgii II. c. 38. 249

such Sail Cloth, that shall be twenty-four Inches in Breadth, at least five hundred and sixty double

Threads of Yam, and n every Piece or Bolt of such Sail Cloth that shall be thirty Inches in Breadth,

at lead seven hundred d. lble Threads of Yam; and in every Piece or Bolt of such Sa L Cloth that shall be of any other Breadth than as aforesaid, a certain Number or Quantity of double Threads of Yarn

in Proportion to the Number of double Threads of Yam expressed to be contained in the Breadth as

aforesaid; the Whap and shoot Yarn which shall be wrought in every Piece or Bolt of the ftrfi:

four Numbers of such s. Cloth; that is to say, from Number i. to Number 4. inclusive, shall be

made of long Flax, witho. any Mixture of short or bar Flax, or of long Flax, or Italian Hemp or

Braack Hemp; and all the Jax and Hemp that shall be used in making the Wharp and (hoot Yarn of such Sail Cloth of the afore id four Numbers, shall be of a strong Staple, fresh, found, and good in

its Kind, and well dressed;. the said Yarn shall be well cleansed, even spun and well twilled; and

all the shoot Yarn of each Piece or Boh of such Sail Cloth of the aforesaid four Numbers shall be full

as strong as the Wharp Yarn and close struck with four Shoots of treble Threads at the Distance of

every two Feet or thereabouts and both the Wharp and (hoot Yarn shall be as strong as the Wharp

and shoot Yarn that are usuali wrought in the Sail Cloth of those four Numbers that are made for

and used in his Majesty's Navy; and no Flax Yarn used or wrought in any britij}} Sail Cloth shall be peryarh

whitened with Lime, on Forfeits; of sixpence per Yard for every Yard of britij}} Sail Cloth that ^ninglhxv iiia

shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for Sail Cloth

be so whitened with Lime as aforesaid, or be made, sold or worked up into new Sails in Great Britain, with Lime.

any Ways essentially different, lighter or inferior in Strength or Goodness to any of the aforesaid Directions

or Restrictions.

VIII. And for the better Observance of this Act, and the several Matters and Things herein before directed and required by all Persons concerned in the said british Manufacture of Sail Cloth, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sail Maker in this Kingdom, and all and every other This Act, or an Person or Persons who shall make or work up Sail Cloth into Sails or Tarpawlins, shall cause this Act, abstra£lof u or an Abstract thereof, to be put up or affixed, and there to continue from time to time so put up and shopspand P m affixed, in some publrck Part or Place of the Lost, Shop, Warehouse or Workhouse where his said Warehouses, Trade is carried on, or his Workmen employed, under the Penalty of forty Shillings. on Penalty of

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and for pos'. feitures herein before enacted and imposed on Persons offending contrary to this Act (not otherwise di fobe recovered reded and applied) shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of and distributed. his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or in such of his Majesty's Plantations wherein such

Offence shall be committed; in which Suit no Essoin, Pi'otedion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; whi h said Forfeitures shall be applied, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person who shall sue for the same. Continuance.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force Farther con for the Term of five Years, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun C "eclb£ 2\ dred and thirty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. Aris gain

31 Geo. 2. c. 36. See farther 10 Geo. 2. c. 27. 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. 23 Geo. 2. C ?.r o 32. tseo. 2. C 32.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the elections of eitjnfcthe Act?

Members to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, That no Person shall be made liable to any Incapacity, z e0'2' C

Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty by the said Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced within two Years after such Incapacity, Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred, or in case of a Prosecution the same be carried on without wilful Delay: And whereas Prosecutions may have been or may be commenced against Persons offending against the said Act, by fixing out original or other Writs or Processes against such Persons so offending within two Years after the incurring any In ' capacity, Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty laid or imposed by the said Act, and Persons so fixing out such original or other Writs or Processes may have delayed, or may delay, to serve the same, without giving the Persons against whom such original or other avrits or Processes may have been or may be sued out any Notice thereof, by reason of which Practice the said Provision for limiting the Time for the Prosecution of Persons offending against the said Act is or may be evaded Now for explaining and amending the said Provision, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be made liable to any Incapacity nope: son liable Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty by the said Act laid or imposed, unless such Person has been or shall by the faflait, be actually and legally arrested, summoned or otherwise served with any such original or other Writ or unless personaiiy Process, within the Space of two Years after any Offexxce against the said Act has been or shall be com served with the mitted, so as the Service of any such original or other Writ or Process hath not been or shall not be yare after the prevented by such Person absconding or withdrawing out of this Kingdom. Fast.

See farther n Go, 2. C 24. 13 Go. 2. C 20. is Go. 2. C 12. iz Geo. 2. C 18. 29 Geo. 2. C zs. 21 Geo. 1. c. 14. 33 g t. 2. C ao.

250 C 39

Anno nono Georgii II. A.D. 1736.

CAP. XXXIX.

Geo. i. c.is. An act for making more effectual two as of Parliament, one of the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate gate house in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet block house in the County of Hertford, and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chase; and for amending cane wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead in the said County of Middlesex.

The Tolls are further continued for 21 Years.

Anno decimo GEORGII II.

a In Recordo, Tint' prirro die Febr. anno reg if decimo j Continuat. ujquc ad et in Jovis celanjutn diem Decembris, an voy undeci 7no

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the fourteenth Day of January, Anno Dorn. ' jjk one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sove

jaa. reign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ire

King, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the e first Day of February 1736 % being the Third Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry In that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven. EXP. 2s. in the Pound.

CAP. IY.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall he vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and build ing a School, and other public Buildings there, and for supplying' the said Town with Fresh Water.

PR.

Preamble, reciting the Act 3 Geo. i, C 16,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, ut>on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other public Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with Frefo Water, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, for the Term of nineteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be laid an Imposition or a Duty of twopenny Scots or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, over and above the Duty of Excise paid or payable to his then Majesty, his Heirs and Success ors, upon every Scots Pints of Ale and Beer that should be for Sale, cither brewed, brought in, vended, tapt, or sold within the said Town, and Pri ' vileges thereof; and that the said Imposition or Duty should be paid and made payable by the Brew ers, Vintners, Sellers, and Tapsters, of the said Ale and Beer, for and during the Term aforesaid, to the Magistrates and Town Council, and their Success ors in Office for the time being, and their Assigns or Collectors, for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And whereas the said Im ' position or Duty has been of very great Use to the said Town, by enabling them to carry on many and considerable public Works, for which the annual Revenue of the said Town was not sufficient:

ard whereas the Money arising from the Imposition or Duty so laid and granted by the said Act, was

intende i to be laid out to defray the Expense of digging up Part of the Rock at the Bottom of the

Harbour, and in carrying out the great Pier to the Rock called The Beacon Rock, and in cutting the Slope 1 of the Istand down to a Perpendicular, in order to make and render the Entry into the said Harbour more safe and secure, and in supplying the Town with F re fit Water; but neither of the said Works are yet so much as begun, and the Revenue of the said Town, and also the said Duty granted by the

8 ' said

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. Q. 5-8. 251

said Act, are very much incumbred and burdened by the Works already done, infoniuch that in the

Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, the Debts of the said Town amounted to six hundred Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts; and the said recited Act expiring in the Year one thousand

hundred and thirty eight, the respective Works directed to be done by the said Act, for the Service of the said Town, and for the public Good, mud remain unfinished, and what has already been done will soon go to Decay, unless the Term and Powers granted and given by the said former Act ' be enlarged, (sfed

The Duty is further continued for 25 Years.

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcester; and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the same; and for reducing the Toll or Duties granted on Sheep and Lambs by the said Act. 1 R.

The Tolls are farther continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the better repairing and paving the Highways, Streets; and Watercourses within the City of New Sarum, and for enlightning the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly Watch within the said City.

PR.

WHEREAS the City of New Sarum in the County of Wilts, is a City of considerable Trade in yv the Woollen Manufacture, and is very populous, wherein several Fairs, and the Assizes for the £ said County, are kept and held yearly, and through which the main Western Road from the City of London to Exeter, Cornwall, and the Towns and Places adjacent, directly leads, which, together with the pleasant Situation of the Place and Country thereabout, occasions great Numbers of Gentry and other Persons to resort to, and reside in the said City: And whereas the Streets, Highways, Bridges, and Watercourses, within the said City, are so very much out of Repair, that the Inhabitants thereof cannot by the Laws now in being (for the repairing the Highways) raise Money sufficient for amending the same; nor can the said Laws be put in Execution without great Hardships to the poorer Sort of Inhabitants there: And whereas the cleansing the Streets and Watercourses, the enlightning the Streets, and keeping a strong and well regulated Watch in the nighttime, within the said City, will be of great Importance, and tend to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants there ' of, and other Persons resorting thereto; 'Now to the End that Provision may be made to answer the good Purposes aforesaid, may it please your moult Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"to be chosen. Watchmen, lamp lighter, and Scavenger appointed. Inhabitants to clean tc before their Houses twice a Week; and to throw no Filth into the Streets, &c. on Forfeiture of 1 s.

"Trustees to have the ordering of Lamps, and Watchmen. Copy of Orders to be delivered to the sub constables. Money lent for carrying on the Works to be repaid out of the Rates. Collectors to "give an Account upon Oath of the Moneys received, and pay it unto Persons appointed, otherwise to "be imprisoned. The Mayor to have the Property of the Lamps. Inhabitants not rated, to do 3 "Days Work, or forfeit II 6 d. per Day. Trustees to appoint a Cferk who is to summon the Trustees "

"of the Rates not liable to watch. This Act not to affect the Bishop of Salisbury, nor to affect "Hamlet or Tything out of the City."

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that fall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfreis, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for buildinga Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour.

PR.

The Duty is further continued for 25 Years. Farther continued and amended by 2 Geo. 3. c. 55.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to make perpetual an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of stock jobbing.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, Preamble, ie An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of stock jobbing, which Act was to continue and be inciungtheaft Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of three 7 c' '

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas the said Act hath been found useful and beneficial, and will in a short Time expire, ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Audio

of the same, That the said Act shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.u'p

252 C9-- II

Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

CAP. IX.

An Act for making navigable the River or Brook, called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Irwell in the said County.

PR.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the making and keeping the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancajer, navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels,

from tforjlcy Mill, in the said County of Lancaster, to the River Irwell, in the said County of Lane caster, will be very beneficial to Trade, advantageous to the Poor, and convenient for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, to and from the said Places and Parts adjacent, and will very much tend to the Employing and Increase of Watermen and Seamen,

and be a Means to preserve the Highways May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

Undertakers appointed, with Power of doing any Thingneceflary for the Purposes of this atat "their own Charge. Undertakers to make Satisfaction for Damages. floodgates for overflowing of Grounds to be made. Commissioners appointed for determining Differences. If Persons decline such Determination, and do not agree with the Undertakers, a Jury is to be impanelled to assess Damages, and the Commissioners to give Judgement accordingly, which shall be final. Proceedings to be kept among the Records of Quarter sessions of Lancaster, Duties to be paid to the Undertakers for Goods, "not exceeding9d. per Tonne. Conveniences of Gates, &c. belonging to Occupiers of Lands, &c. to "be preserved, at the Undertakers Charge. If the Level of the Water be raised, the Banks muss be so "too, and kept in Repair. floodgates to be made for the Benefit of contiguous Grounds. The Brook declared navigable. Royalties not affected by this Act. No Duty payable for Manure for Grounds within Miles from the River. The Brook not to be under the Survey of any Commission of Sewers "to be opened to Pleasure Boats, &c. without any Duty."

CAP. X

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks, to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and for finishing the same for the Use of the County.

PR.

WHEREAS for Want of a convenient common Gaol for the County of Bucks (which is large and populous) a House in the Town of Aylesbury, being a Market Town and situate near the Middle of the said County, was for many Years rented and used for that Purpose, and the same be coming insufficient for the safe keeping of Prisoners, the Grand jury at the Assizes held for the said County presented the same; whereupon the Justices of the Peace assembled at their General Quarter sessions agreed and ordered, That a Public County Gaol should be built at Aylesbury aforesaid, and that the said House so rented and used, with the Ground and Soil thereto belonging, should be purchased (being most commodiously and conveniently situated for that Purpose) and that a Gaol and Court Rooms or Shire Hall for the publick Service of the said County should be thereon erected, which said House and Soil have been purchased accordingly, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof has been conveyed to trustees for the Use of the said County, and in order for raising Money to pay for the the said Purchase, and also for defraying the necessary Charges of such Buildings for the Purposes aforesaid, several Assessments were made by the said Justices at their Quarter sessions, to be raised and paid by the said County, and a very considerable Progress hath been made in such Buildings, but the same not having been perfected and finished, the said Buildings have not only thereby sustained great Damage, but the greatest Part thereof remains unserviceable: And whereas several Sums of Money are justly due to several Workmen, poor Labourers, and others who were employed in and furnished Materials for the said Buildings, for Want of which Money they and their Families are much impo verished; and a further Sum is also wanting, and necessary to finish and complete the said Buildings for the Use and Accommodation of the said County, all which Moneys cannot be raised without the Assistance of parliament be it therefore enacted, C

Justices of Peace, after 24 June 1737, to make a General Assessment In Com' Bucks, not exceeding 4d. in the Pound, to be collected by the Constables. The Ground and Buildings thereon the Property of the County. Justices to contract with Builders, &c. Surplus to be paid into the Public Stock. Town of Buckingham exempted from the Rates. Persons aggrieved are to appeal to the Justices.

CAP. XL

An Act for making more effectual two Acts of Parliament, one of the sixth Year of the Reign of hgr late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the eleventh Year of the Reign' of his late Majesty King George, For repairing the Highways Jrcm Old Stratford in the Comity oj Northampton to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick.

PR.

The Tolls are farther continued for 21 Years. 13 Geo. 2. c. 5.

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 12-14 253

CAP. XII.

An act for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Odibam in the County of Southampton.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted for 21 Years, from r June 1737. Continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An act for collecting at the Port of Leghorn certain small Sums of Money, to which the'

Merchants trading the re have usually contributed, for the Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners, Captives, and other distrelfed Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, and for other charitable and public Uses.

WHEREAS it was usual for the Consul appointed for his Majesty's Subjects trading to Leghorn, Preamble; with the Majority of the British Merchants and Factors residing the re, to receive certain small not exceeding one Livre per Tonne on all Tonnage Goods, and one Third of a \avrtper Bale or Parcel on all Bale Goods, imported in British Ships or Vessels; Sums were received by Persons annually chose as treasurers for that Purpose, and applied for the Relief of Mariners Shipwrecked and taken in War, and other distressed Persons his Majesty's subjects, and to such other charitable and public Uses, as were directed by the said Consul, with the Majority of the said Merchants and 1 Factors: And whereas notwithstanding the Benefit and Usefulness of this Design had been expe rienced, yet the Payment of the said customary Sums hath of late Years not been complied with,

there being no Authority to enforce such Compliance; by reason whereof several of his Majesty's Sub ' jeds in Distress have been reduced to great Extremities for want of the Assistance which they other wise would have received, had such Contribution been continued: Therefore to promote such good Intentions, and to continue the said Contributions for the same; may it please your most Excellent majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of shipftradin^to September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, it shall Leghorn, to be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Consul named for his Majesty's pay for Goods subjects trading to the said Port of Leghorn, for the time being, together with the Majority of the Bri one third oft tish Merchants and Factors there, to receive and recover from all Makers or other Chief Officers and Livre per Tonne commanders of all British or Irish Ships or Vessels trading from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other r Bale; to be Part of his Majesty's Dominions, to the said Port, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one o^tad1ngandus Livre per Tonne on all Tonnage Goods imported into the said Port in such Ships and Vessels; on all allowed by Bale Goods any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Third of a Livre per Bale or Parcel; and Freighters or all Bills of Lading of such Ships and Vessels, shall specify to pay the said Moneys accordingly, under the^q^of th Denomination of Contribution, as by Act of Parliament, or to that effet; and the Persons paying the same shall be reimbursed by their respective Freighters, or by the Persons to whom the said Goods and Merchandizes shall be consigned, or who shall receive the same; and in case the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall neglect to specify the Payment of the said Moneys in the Bill or Bills of Lading as aforesaid, he shall be answerable for the same; and in case no Bill of Lading shall appear, or Goods M te no T onnage be settled between the Owner or Owners of the Goods and the Master or Commander of valued, where any British or Irish Ship or Vessel trading as aforesaid, then the Tonnage of such Goods or merchan tl, ere q no Bill dize shall be valued by Two indifferent British Merchants on the Place; one to be appointed by the of Ladms' Consul, and the other by the Master or Commander of such Ships or Vessels, within ten Days next after the unlading of the said Goods; and in case the two Persons so chosen shall not agree and award' the same in three Days next after such Appointment, such two Persons shall then choose a third Person, being a British Merchant on the Place, as an Umpire, who shall decide and determine the said Valuation of Tonnage in three Days; and such Sums shall be paid in such Case for the Purposes aforesaid, as shall be agreeable to this at.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Masters, Commanders, or other Chief ^ery^efleiv Officers of all British or Irish Ships or Vessels trading from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Cargo to be Part of his Majesty's Dominions, to the Port of Leghorn, and unloading and delivering the Ship or gve'1 "P0 Vessel, or any Part of the Cargoe there, shall, within ten Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vef at fel deliver to the Consul residing the re, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by him, a true Manifest' in Writing upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargoe of such Ships or Vessels so unloaded or delivered, or such Part thereof as shall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; which Oath such Consul, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer gratis.

254 C 15. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

veflhs not to be

III. And for the better collecting the said Money herein before directed to be paid for the charitable payment of the an otl1.er public Uses aforesaid. Be it enacted, That the said Consul or other Person or Persons appoint duties be made. ed by him, in the said Port of Leghorn, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to detain the Clearances Outward of all British or Irish Ships and Vessels, and not give or deliver any dispatch or Bill of Health for any such Ship or Vessel, until Payment be made as aforesaid; in case the Maher or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Moneys, shall at any Time think proper to depart without his said Clearances Outward, then and in such Case the Consul shall, upon the Return of the said Mailer or Commander to any Port of his Majesty's Dominions, have a just Action at Law against him for all the Money which by virtue of this Act ought to have been paid. Application of

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Moneys to be raised or received as aforesaid, shall be applied the Moneys.; n type Manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say. To the Succour and Rel'ef of Mariners Shipwrecked and taken in War, and other distressed Persons his Majesty's Subjects, and to such other charitable and public Uses as shall from time to time be appointed by the Consul for the time being, with the Majority of the British Merchants and Facftors residing at the said Port of Leghorn.

The Consul to V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Consul for the time being, appointed for tamof thomer ^'s majesty's Subjects trading to the Port of Leghorn, shall from time to time, as he shall see Occa hints and Fae Aon for effecting the Purposes of this acst, call and summon a general Meeting of the British Merchants tors. and Factors residing at the said Port; and he is hereby obliged and required from time to time to call

and summon general Meetings or Assemblies as often as he shall be desired, by Writing under the Hands of any five or more of the British Merchants or Factors aforesaid; the Majority at such Meetings or Assemblies shall from time to time order and determine all Matters and Things relating to the Premises.

[Public Act.]

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall be esteemed and taken in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere to be a public al, and shall be taken Notice of as such, without specially pleading the same; and if any Action shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, the Defendant General Kibe. or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De full Costs. fendant or Defendants shall have full Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XV.

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to enclose, pave, watch, clean and adorn the said Square.

PR.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Square called Red Lion Square, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, hath for sometime pad lain in great Disorder, and the Pales which enclose Area thereof are so ruinous, that the said Area is become a Receptacle for Rubbish, Dirt and Nafti ness of all Kinds, and an Encouragement to common jbeggars, Vagabonds and other disorderly Persons to resort thither for the Exercise of their idle Diversions and other unwarrantable Purposes: prevent all which Mischiefs, and to the end the said Square may be kept clean and in good Order, the Owners,

Proprietors and Inhabitants thereof, are desirous that the said Square may be enclosed, or otherwise made commodious, paved, watched and properly adorned, and kept in good Repair for the future, and are willing that an adequate Contribution may for that Purpose be raised by and amongst themselves Wherefore the said Proprietors and Inhabitants most humbly beseech Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, &c.

"Proprietors to meet on 15 July, in grey's Inn, to choose Trustees, who are to direct the adorning of the "Square. 20 s. Penalty on Persons annoying the Square. Offender to be sent to the House of Correction till he removes such Nuisance. Persons gaming in or breaking the Fences of the Square, shall for "40s. or be sent to the House of Correction for 1 Month. Trustees empowered to assess is. 6d.

[Public Act.]

"in the Pound on the Inhabitants, according to the land-tax Assessment for 1736. After 24 June 1737, "Owners to pay for untenacted Houses, &c. Persons refusing to pay what they are rated at, their Goods. "maybe distrained, and if not replevied in 5 Days, be appraised and sold. After 24 June 1737, the "Square, &c. to be deemed a distinct Ward, and not liable to scavenger's Rate, &c. and from that < "Time St. andrew's Parish Holborn, discharged from cleaning it, &c. Trustees may grant Annuities "on 1000l. for 32 Years, after the Rate of 61. percent. per Ann. and for one Life at the Rate of t "Si. percent, per Ann. Trustees may raise the Moneys in the Way they think most proper, but shall not pay more than 41, percent, per Ann.

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II.

C ib, 17

255

CAP. XVI.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace yard in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

pr. y EXP,

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of this present Parliament, For building a Bridge Preamble, re

cross the River Thames, from the New Palace yard in the City of Westminster, to the opposite*'onc|it!|e^f.

Shore in the County of Surrey, and certain Commissioners therein named were by the said Act appointed*

and empowered to design, assign and lay out, how and in what Manner, and with what Materials the said intended Bridge' (hold be made, erefled and built, and the Ways and Passages to and from the same, and to preserve and keep in Repair such Ways and Passages, from time to time, and to make Contracts, and do all Matters and Things for carrying on and effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and

to cause the same to be effectually done and perfected accordingly; and for enabling the Commissioners to execute the Powers, and effeff the Purposes of the said Act, Authority was given for raising a Sum ' not exceeding six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, by way of Lottery, to be drawn within such Time, and in such Manner, and under such Management and Regulations, as in and by the said Act is in that Behalf ordered, directed and prescribed; which Money so to be raised, was thereby di refled to be paid by the Contributors to, and Adventurers in, such Lottery, into the Bank of England,

or to such Cashier or Cashiers as the Directors of the Bank (hold appoint, on or before the first: Day C of February one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and the Residue and Surplus of the Money so to be advanced and contributed, after Payment of the Prizes in the said Lottery, and the Charges and Expenses incident to, and attending the Execution of the said Act, was thereby directed to be issued,

paid and applied for and towards the erefling and building the said Bridge, and repairing, preserving and supporting the same when built, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, (hold, from time to time, direct: whereas there was

contributed and paid in on the Credit of the said Aston the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, only the Sum of forty-three thousand one hundred and sixteen Pounds, and the Time limited and appointed by the said Act for executing several of the Powers and Authorities

thereby given, is elapsed, and thereby the same Act is rendered ineffectual to answer the Purposes

intended Wherefore to the End and Intent that a Design so useful to his Majesty's Subjects, and the Public in general, may be effectually carried into Execution; may it.please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"000l. to be raised byway of Lottery. The Residue of the Money, after Payment of the Fortunate "Tickets, to be applied towards the Bridge. If sufficient Money be not raised by the Methods preferi "bed, his Majesty may, after 29 Sept. 1737, by Letters Patents, incorporate the Trustees. Such Corporations may not take up any Money payable under 6 Months, or discount any Bills, fc And there "

"be paid for Pontage, L or every Coach, C drawn by 6 Horses, 2 s. by Horses, 1 s. 6d. by less "4 Horses, 1 s. For every Wagon, C drawn by 4horfes, 1 s. 6d. and by less than Horses, 1 s.

"For every Horse, &c. not drawing, 2 d. For every Foot Passenger on Sundays, 1 d. and on every other "Day, id. For every Drove of Oxen, 1 s. per Score. For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or "Lambs, 6 d. per Score. Trustees to appoint Collectors. Commissioners, when incorporated, may bor m row Money on Credit of this Act. Commissioners to determine the Recompense to be made to the "Watermen, &c. which shall be paid within 1 Month after Judgement. The Bridge to be built either saiicca. i:

M from the Neiu Palace yard, or from the Horse ferry, or thereabouts, to the opposite Shore. 25-

j2 Geo. 2. c. 35.

13 Geo. 2. c. 16. l^Geo. 2. C 40. 15 Geo. z, C 26. 37 Geo. z, C 32. 18 Geo. 2. c. 29. 29geo, 2. C 38. 30 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereupon; and for explaining and enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof \ and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lot -- tery Tickets and Orders lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Preamble, re majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on low Wines and Spirits of the C "nbthe as first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties 5 nna> C I9' ' on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Tonne nage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain over

256 C 17. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

plus Moneys and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed, was

(amongst: other Things) enacted, That there should he raised, levied, collected and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes in the said Act expressed, for every Barrel of Sweets made, which should be for Sale, from and after the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, within or during the Space of ninety-nine Years from thence next and iinme

diately ensuing, the Sunt of thirty-six Shillings, the same Duty to be paid by the Maker or Makers of of the said Sweets; and foin Proportion for any greater or Iefler Quantity; and by one other Act

6 Ann?, C 5. ' made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act' Abl for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surpluses, and by granting farther Terms in the Duties on low

wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the one third Subsidy, the Duty on

Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned, it was ' (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Duty upon Sweets made for Sale, which by the said Act ' of the fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, was granted for the Term of ninety-nine Years,

commencing from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, should be further continued, and be paid and payable to her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, within and throughout the united Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the Expiration of the Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned, for and during the further Term of two Years from thence next

1 Geo. 1. o. 12. ' and immediately ensuing; by one other Act made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to Exchequer Bills, and for settling an additional Revenue of out

hundred and twenty thousand Pounds per Annum upon his Majesty during his Life, for the Service of the Civil Government, and for establishing a certain Fund of fifty-four thousand six hundred Pounds per An

in order to raise a Sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand Pounds for the Service of the

Public, by Sale of Annuities after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for satisfying an Arrear for Work and Materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that Building

was carried on, at the Expense of her late Majesty fftueen Anne of Blessed Memory, and for other Purposes

mentioned, it was (amongst other 'things) enacted, That the said Duty upon Sweets made for Sale, which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, was granted for the Term of ninety-nine Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, and by the said Act of the sixth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, was continued for two Years, to take Efleft from the Expiration of the Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned, should have further Continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever:

And whereas all Liquors made by lnfulion, Fermentation or otherwise, from foreign Fruit or Sugar,

or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with other Materials, and commonly made use of for recovering, in creasing or making of any Kinds of Wine or Cyder, or of any Liquor called Wine, are declared to

10 & 11 W. 3. 4 be Sweets by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his late C si. Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for

lessening the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon certain low Wines and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging Cinders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Ashes, and for preventing the Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Ale,

and Frauds in Importation of Tobacco; and being made for Sale, are chargeable by the said Act with the Duty of thirty-six Shillings a Barrel: aid whereas some Doubt has been made, whether Liquors made for Sale by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from British Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with other Materials or Ingredients, and commonly called or distinguished by the Name of made Wines, are Sweets, and are chargeable with the said Duty of thirty-six Shillings a Barrel,

granted and continued by the several Acts before recited; and it has been found by Experience, that the Value and Quality of such Wines will not bear the said Duty to be charged thereon; 'For obviating such Doubt for the future, and for the Ease of the Makers of and Dealers in such Wines as aforesaid, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and" with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and After 24 June Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 3737, tl'e^puty That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, the onlweetsde 1^ said Duty of thirty-six Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors termines. for ever, by the several Acts of Parliament before recited, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid ^ffefr'" fs zue', s01 payable; anything in the before mentioned Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, here 31 'Gee. z. C 31. toforc made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being defiroiis to raise the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways the lead burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duty herein after mentioned; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your. and a Duty of Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after imposed ortali the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, there shall be raised, Sweets or levied and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, For every Wines, made Barrel of Liquors made or to be made within the Kingdom of Great Britain for Sale, by lnfulion, fcr foreign Fruit or mentation or otherwise from foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from British Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit Sugar, 8

Anno decimo Georgii II.

C 17. 257

or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, for which no Duty hath been already paid, or shall be paid on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, the Sum of twelve Shillings, to be paid by the Maker thereof; and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners and Officers of his which shall his Majesty's Revenue of Excise for the time being, shall be the Commissioners and Officers for the Receipt managed by the and Management of the Duty before mentioned; and all Moneys arising by the said Duty (the nc ofexciic&s* cessary Charges of levying and collecting the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, for the Uses and Purposes hereafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Makers or Day of June, every Maker of the Liquors aforesaid called Sweets or Made jvines for Sale, shall, before Sweet? or Mad he, she or they begin to make such Sweets or Wines, or any of them, give Notice in Writing at the Notice to next Office of Excise, of his, her or their Name and Place of Abode, and of all and every the Rooms the next office and Places made Use of by him, her or them, for making or keeping of Sweets or Made Wines, on

Pain of forfeiting for every Room or Place so made use of as aforesaid without Notice as aforesaid the hacesofabode, Sum of twenty Pounds; and that all and every other the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Me 4c, tfiods. Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Tilings, which in and by an Act made in the Penalty of twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of the excifslaws Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Reapplied to this venue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law heretofore made in relation to the Duties upon Dut'

Sweets, are provided, settled or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered and put in Execution for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the Duty hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting and punching Frauds relating thereto, as fully and eftcdlually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties and relating to the said Duty upon Sweets hereby granted, shall be lucd for, recovered, levied and miti ^j^retobe gated by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be in like Cases rued for, clued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons sued for Persons shall at any Time be sued for anything done by him or them in pursuance of this Act, or executing this any other Act now in Force relating to the Duties of Excite, or any other Duties under the Manage Geaneraiad ment of the Commissioners of Excise, he and they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give nrue,

this Act and the said respective Acts in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, then and recover such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff Treble Costs. qr Plaintiffs.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend. Wines of British to charge with any Duty such Wine as the Owners or Occupiers of Britifto Vineyards shall make from the Juice of British Grapes only growing thereon. this Duty.

VIII. And whereas fume Doubts have arisen touching the Method of recovering, levying and mi tigating the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth 'tear of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; 'Now to put an End to all Doubts concerning die same, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Act im clause for ren posed may for the future, during the Continuance of the said Act, and from the Time of the Com dering mors cf. mencement of the same hitherto might, lawfully be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such th at Ways, Means and Methods as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or

by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, end by Knights Service and Purveyance, and settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, except as n <sn.i. C 2 5. to those Penalties and Forfeitures, for the Recovery of which, any other Means or Methods are by the '5 said Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty directed.'57 gel i. <'. 17.

jg Geo. 2. c. 12, 20 Geo. 2. c. 39. 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 33 Geo. i.9Z

IX. And whereas by the said Act made and passed in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no Person or Persons shall hawk, sell or expose to Sale any Brandy, spirituous Liquors or strong Waters, by whatever Name or Names they are or maybe called or distinguished, about the Streets, Highways or Fields in any Wheelbarrow or Basket, or upon the Water in any Ship, Boat or Vessel, or in any other Manner whatever, or shall sell, or

258 C 17. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

expose the same to Sale on any Bulk or Bulks, Stall or Stalls, or in any Shed or Sheds, or on off

any other Place or Places, other than in Rich Place or Places as are in the said Act mentioned or

allowed, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum often Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for die County, Riding,

Division, City or Liberty respectively, wherein such Offence shall be committed, on his or their own View, or on Confession of the Party, or by Proof on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses made of such Offence, to convict any Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid; such Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum < 4 of ten Pounds into the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, or one of them, and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neg ledting to pay the said Sum, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid shall and may by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Of 4 fenders to the House of Correction for the said County, City or Liberty respectively, there to remain;

and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment, and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she or they shall have paid the said Sum of ten Pounds, or until the full Expiration of the said two Months; and every Sum or Sums of Money arising from the Conviction of any Person or Persons as aforesaid, in

case there be no Informer, shall be wholly applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence was committed > but if there shall be an Informer, one Moiety of such Money shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Overseers and Churchwardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish as aforesaid; whereas;

such Persons as are willing and desirous of putting the said salutary Law in Execution, have not the Encouragement which is due to them, and which they i.uftly deserve, where the Persons incurring the pecuniary Penalties of the said Act are not able to pay the same, but in lieu thereof are sent to'

the House of Correction, as by the said Act is directedeor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the of Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun reward Persons redan thirty seven, in all such Cases as aforesaid it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners' who are inti of Excise in England and Scotland respectively to cause such Rewards as aforesaid to be paid to the several tied thereto out and respective Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as aforesaid, out of any money in their^hands that be in their Hands, or any Officers belonging to them, that hath arisen or shall arise by virtue C'of any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the said Act as aforesaid, and the Money so paid shall be

accepted of and allowed in their Accounts, as so much Money paid to his Majesty; the said corn offender commissioner are and shall hereby be discharged thereof accordingly; and every Offender convicted as vifted, and not aforesaid, and upon his or her Refusal or Neglect to pay the said Penalty of ten Pounds, committed to fmc'^ihah be the House of Correction as aforesaid, shall, before his or her Discharge therefrom, be stripped naked front committed, C the Middle upwards, and whipped until his or her Body be bloody.

No Person to X Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to enable any Person or Persons to sell such made Wines to be drunk in his or 'rmn two fu their House or Houses, unless such Person or Persons be first licensed by two or more of his Majesty's Pices of Peace, Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty wherein such Person or Persons Saifpaythdr a^macle Wines, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, for which Licence or clerk zs. 6d. Licences the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerks of such justices, and no See or Sum of Money or other Reward whatsoever to the Clerk or Clerks of the

Peace for entering the same, or on any other Account; on Pain of five pounds in case any of the said Justices Clerks, or any Clerk of the Peace, shall ask, receive or demand any more or other F'ec or Fees on Account of such Licences under any Pretence whatsoever; if the Licence is not found and provided by the said Justices Clerks, thennof ee whatsoever shall be due or received by them.

None to be

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Keeners of '° ^>er^ons whatsoever for selling by Retail any made Wines whatsoever, except to such Persons only who coffee houses, shall keep public victualling houses. coffee houses or alehouses; if such Licences shall be granted, the same are hereby declared void to all Intents and Purposes.

puny of spiritu XII Provided, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or take ns Liquors, stilt away any Duty chargeable on distilled spirituous Liquors, or any other Liquors, by the said Act of w continue. Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of lids present Majesty.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That there shall be provided. and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer one Book or Register, in which all the Orders for Money payable upon this Act shall be entered and registered; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the said Receipt, upon Credit of the said Duties by this Act granted, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, which Lenders shall ctiufeof Loan have Interest for the F orbearance of their respective Loans, not exceeding the Rate of three Pounds pen at 31. percent. Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the high Treasurer, or any three or mure of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fall as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service, the said Interest to be paid half yearly from the making of such Loans, until the Satisfaction of the principal Sums respectively, and dint no Moneys tr.uses and f0 (q pe ]ent shall b. c. rated or assessed in any Tax or Assessment whatsoever; and that every such payment, 8' Lender shall immediately have a Tally of Loan (truck for the Money by him, her or them lent, and an Order of the same Date for Repayment thereof with such Interest as aforesaid; and that all such'

*59

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 17.

Orders shall be registered in Course according to their Dates; and all Persons thereupon shall be paid in Course, as their Orders shall stand registered, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, whose Orders shall be first registered,

shall be accounted the Person or Persons to be first paid, and so successively in Course; and that the Moneys to come in by this Act, of the said Duties, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns successively, without undue Pre 7°undui: l>re* ference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other, eitnw

Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken for providing or making any such Hooks or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Search in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks, or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party aggrieved by the Party offending, with lull Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to forfeit his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made in Point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true Meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid: which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XIV. Provided always, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as What Ihatt not

aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then r€f>k!?e<1 unit shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the reoce*

same Day.

XV. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor directs, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay, subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time that Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Money lent due for Loans by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Regillry aforesaid, his, her or may be trans. their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed on his, fared her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.'

XVII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole Fxcbequermay the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing j^uf, ou, t.( "ev' Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for these

public Service; Be it further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the commissioner of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall judge it more adviseable: to raise the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills in feead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or, Tunes at once, or by such Proportions at a Time as they respectively shall find to be moult for the Advantage of the Public, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills containing one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Moneys; so that in case there shall be no Loans made, then all the principal Sums to be contained in (he said Bills to be made forth by this Act shall not exceed five hundred thousand Pounds; and in case any such Loans shall be made, as aforesaid, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans so made, shall not exceed the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills to be prepared and Rills to bear

made in pursuance of this Act shall or may bear an Interest not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per interest; lt 31 annum, and proportionably for any greater or lesser Sum to be contained therein, and to be payable to er

so C 17. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

the Bearers thereof respectively, nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act as shall at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during such Time and Times respectively as such Bill or Bills shall be or reniainjin the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid, These Bills to

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills ib to be prepared and made shall be number be numbered ed Arithmetically, beginning with N" I. and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progression ascending, Arithmetically, wherein the common Excels or Difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly; so that the principal Sums to be contained in every such bilp(after Repayment of the Loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the Interest thereof, or reserving Money sufficient for that Purposej may regularly be paid off and discharged in Course according to the Number of every such Bill as it shall stand in the said Register; and that the Interest upon all and every the same Bills shall be payable half yearly according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there shall be endorsed, printed, or written, in Words at Length or in Figures the Sum after which the Principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such Course as aforesaid according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act. njetthe course

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum not of Payment for exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised partly by Loans and partly by Exchequer Bills Loans or Ex according to the Powers before given by this Act, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful chequer Bills. to ancj for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, when and as often as they shall by virtue of the said Powers direct any such Loans to be taken, or any such Exchequer Bills to be made out, at the same Time also to direct and appoint the Course and Orr der in which such Loans or Exchequer Bills shall stand upon the said Register, and after what Sum they shall respectively begin to be payable in Course out of the Moneys arising by this Act, so as no subsequent Loans or Exchequer Bills be made to alter the Course at first appointed for prior Loans or Exchequer Bills at the Time of taking in or making out such prior Loans or Exchequer Bills; any thfog herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasury to ap

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such point cheques. Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and that the Person or Persons, who shall be appointed to pay off the said Bills in Course, shall, from time to time, have the Use and Custody of one Part of all the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills to be prepared and made by virtue of this Act, from which the said Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed on by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the undertakers or Contradors for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall from time to time have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, from which the same shall have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by

counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the Exchequer, when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

(^ctd° ^caih

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more umhe ifxche f them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the quer. Treasury for the time being, shall and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to cause such Bills as shall be prepared virtue by of this Act to be placed as so much Cadi in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with the Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively; Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clausesinthe

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Bills to be issued as rv?htatheex a^ore^a'^ shall be current in like Manner, and with such Privileges and Advantages, and subject to chequer Bills, such Rules and Directions as are prescribed and enacted by an Act of this present Session of parlia rxtended to ment, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Matt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of ttus' Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty^ certain Duties upon Alalt, Mum, Cyder and Perry

in that Part oj Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, for or concerning the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisoes in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Currency, Exchanging, or Receiving the same lad mentioned Exchequer Bills by any public Receivers of Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, or in his Majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the same Bills, or for making out new Bills in the Room of such as shall be filled up with Indorsements, defaced, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out Exchequer Bills of five thousand Pounds each, or for making out Exchequer Bills without bearing Interest, or for making them afterwards to bear an Interest, or a higher or lower Rate of Interest from time to time as the Contradors shall agree to, or for preventing any Misapplication of the Fund on which the same are charged, or any other Misbehaviour of any Officers concerned in the receiving, issuing, exchanging, paying oft', or cancelling the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills, or for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to contract from time to time with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for Payment of the Interest of, or exchanging for Ready money on Demand, the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be issued at a Rate or Premium not exceeding

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 17. 261

three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or for preventing any Disabilities in such Contractors, or for make king them not liable to be Bankrupts on Account of such Contracts, or for appointing a Paymaster or Paymasters for paying off and cancelling the same Exchequer Bills in due Course and Order, shall be extended and construed to extend as well to the Exchequer Bills by this act authorised to be made forth, as to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the said act for continuing to his Majesty the Duties upon Malt, Muin, Cyder, and Perry, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if the same Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and reenacted verbatim in this act.

XXIV. And to the end the same Bills, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undif Currency of charged, may the better obtain a Currency for such Time as they or any of them are hereby intend thtfc B s' ed to be current. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money which shall from

time to time arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer of or for the Duties by this ACI granted shall from time to time as the same shall arise at tyre said Receipt be issued and applied at the said Receipt for or towards tyre paying off and discharging the Orders of Loan for the Moneys which shall have been lent at the said Receipt, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, in such Course, Manner and Form as are before in this ACI prescribed or appointed for that Purpose, until all tiro Principal and Interest payable upon fuclr Orders of Loanlhall be fully satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer for the full Payment and Satisfaction of the same; or the Moneys which shall from time to time arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer of or for tyre said Duties by this act granted shall from time to time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued to such Paymaster byway of Impressed and upon Account for or towards paying off and discharging the said Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, in such Course as aforesaid, and for or towards the Charge of circulating and exchanging the same Bills or any of them, and for or towards such other Payments as are in and by this act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out of the same, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year during the An Account of Continuance of the said Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills or any of them the Commissioners of the jp| by theft: an" Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any three or more of Duties to be the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall on the Feast Day of Saint Michael the la, k "n evei jr Archangel in every Year, or within twenty Days after, cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to

be taken and attested by gthe proper Officers, of all the Moneys which shall in the preceding Year have been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for or upon Account of the said Dubes by this act granted as aforesaid, and how much thereof hath been applied or will be necessary to be applied, either towards the paying of Interest on the said Orders of Loan, or the Payment of any Premium, Rate, or Interest, in respect of the said Exchequer Bills, or any other necessary Charges authorised by this act ££p]!cat on to be paid and in case it shall appear that on any such Feast Day there shall be or remain in the Exchequer any Surplus arisen from the said Duties, over and beyond what will satisfy such Interest, Premium,

Rate, and Charges, to that Time, such Surplusses shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be from time to time forthwith issued and applied, as far as the same will extend, for or towards the paying off the principal Sums contained either in such Orders of Loan, or in such Exchequer Bills, and discharging the same in a numerical Course, beginning with N I. and soon progressively, until all the said Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills shall be discharged.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear that on any Deficiency such Feast Day the Money arisen into the Exchequer in the preceding Year shall be so low or deficient, h/stotunjp as that the same shall not be sufficient to discharge such Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges to that Fund,

Time, such Deficiency shall from time to time be made good out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiency shall appear; and in case no such Supply shall be granted within

six Months next after such Deficiency shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys, which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the said Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former act or acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking fund shall and may from time to time be issued and applied accordingly.

XXVII. Provided always, and be.it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall d replacd be issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses. or Overplus moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund., lar lamen "shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Ditties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his jlfaiefy certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perrv, intiat Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fnen, and so much Money (if^any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer, Bills made or to be made on the same act, and all the Interest,

Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the.

Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other act of this session of Parliament, intituled An lit for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, and so much Money

4 (if

262 C 17. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

(if any such be) g( the Tax thereby granted, as Stall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, Stall be Satisfied, or Money Sufficient Stall be referred in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of one million by or out of such Moneys as now are or at any Time Stall be in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, ex cesses, or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, arisen or to arise at or from the seas Day of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, after payment of or reserving sufficient to pay such Moneys as have been or shall be directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same; and also all the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of this present Act, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such ute^moni0" °£ Refiridlions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out nnvingby the of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any.sum or several Acts Sums of Money not exceeding seven hundred thirty-nine thousand two hundred and one Pounds six herein recited. Shillings and five Pence, for or towards the naval services herein after more particularly expressed; q, oil. 6s. that is to say, For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for servicesnavjl Ialf pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and die Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed. pjirtf the Re',

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid Royal Navy. there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, for the Rebuilding and Repairing the Ships of the Royal Navy for the Year one thousand seven jo cool tn hundred and thirty seven.

Greenwich Ho

XXX. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall spit.il. and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon

Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the better Maintenance

of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

80, 32s!.; s. xxxi..and it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there office of 6 la' and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty thousand three

ordnance, hundred and twenty-eight Pounds five Shillings and five Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

1, 039, 1981. tos. xxxii. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as so uie^land aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Forces? 30 million thirty-nine thousand one hundred ninety-eight Pounds ten Shillings and fourpence Farthing, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred forty seven thousand five hundred forty-nine Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand seven hundred and four Men, including Commission and non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven; and any Sum or Sums or Money not exceeding two hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds six Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and 'Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and seven Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence, upon Account, for Out pensioners of Chelsea 56, 4131. 14s. Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money ltracrdinary°r not exceeding fifty six thousand four hundred and thirteen Pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence Expenses. Farthing, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Sendees incurred in the Years one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and not provided for by ftd icrhaft Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-four thousand six hundred eighty-five pay Officers. Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed 3ows o/fta*' c0ucern no the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred forty officers. UC* ftve Pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's i.and Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of haif pav in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven; which said Sum of three, thousand nine hundred fortyfive Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants < under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over r to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other, r Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances s for the same, as his Majesty, by such or the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct or appoint; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-two thousand one hundred eighty frr pa memos seven Pounds ten Shillings, on Account of the Subfuly payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to the stimidy to the Treaty bearing Date the nineteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty thckinpof four, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

Cenmatk* XXXIII Awl

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 17. 263

XXXIII. And it Is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore2, 4011 js.

said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding hxty two 5d f thousand four hundred and one Sounds three Shillings and LIX Pence Farthing, towards making good iocduhe e the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, ficiencyof the

XXXIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore prasnts for said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand !0/543l. js. m.d. forty-three Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like ied. Farthing, Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, pursuant to a y sinkins Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising one million

two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand q°^c

seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, par towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company 4, cool. towards of England, on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand !*jep«er weii pounds, towards repairing and rinishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster; and there minder.

shall and may be issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or 20,000l. to the Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, by them to be applied towards settling and fe Colony of Geor curing the said Colony, ' 6

XXXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be blued and applied to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, at the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, for or towards redeeming Part of the Annuities attending r, oso, ocsl. for on the Capital Stock of Annuities commonly called Old south-sea Annuities, remaining due to the Lid redeennng o.j Company; from which Time a proportional Part of their said Capital Stock of Annuities, and of the cuidcs.^ " Annuities attending thereon, and of the Allowance for Charges of Management, shall cease and determine for the Benefit of the Publick.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, final not be Tlieaforesaid

issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before Moneys limited mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any dbe aed.

particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Sel

fion of Parliament.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said South Sea Company shall forth South Sea cnm with, upon the Receipt of the said Sum of one million, or as loon after as conveniently may he, divide the said" out and distribute the same as near as conveniently may be done, amongst all the several Proprietors of their million among said Capital Stock of Annuities, towards sinking and discharging so much of their Shares or Interests that Proprietors. in the said Capital Stock of Annuities, by even and equal Dividends among! them all, in Proportion to proportion1 their respective Shares or Interests therein.

XXXVIII. And to the End, Intent and Purpose that all trust Estates and Interests in the said Capital Stock of Annuities of the south-sea Company may be preferred and improved for the Benefit of the Persons concerned therein, with the lead Expence and Inconvenience to them; Be it enacted by; the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Cases where, in pursuance of this Act, any Payments nia citfof the ca or Dividends shall be made of the Capital of any such Annuity Stock, as shall be veiled in any Person or pit.il of any Persons in Trust for other Persons, who have or claim distinct or different Interests therein, or for/nn "'V Stock any other Ends or Purposes, for which the Capital Sum or Annuity ought to be preserved entire, such fons^ntrun" Payments or Dividends of the Capital Stock of Annuities Dial not be paid or applied as Dividends of for others, e C Profit, Annuity or Interest, but shall remain in the Hands of such Trustees respectively, till otherwise j CL ^vlc^ends disposed of at Interest; for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustee or j, ^as°nivi trustees, who shall receive the same, at his or their Discretion, to lay out or dispose of the same ordends of Profit, any Part thereof, in the Purchase osso much other Capital Stock of the same Kind, as at the current hie Trustees'1 Market Price of such Annuity Stock the Moneys received for such Dividends shall, as near as conve Hands, U CLS liiently maybe, extend to purchase; which new purchased Stock of Annuities shall be transferred to such Trustee or Trustees, and a Receipt or Receipts shall be given and signed by the Person or Persons who may purtransferring the same, for the Moneys paid for the lame; and in case such Trustees respectively, stockcar' by Writing endorsed on or annexed to such Receipts, and signed or acknowledged before one of the which i, to bs Masters of the High Court of Chancery, shall declare that the Moneys in the said Receipts, were, -, the transferred to Produce of the said Dividends of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, (which Signing or Acknowledg .!*ment such Masters in Chancery are hereby required to accept or take) and each and every such master.gi.v m, ' before whom the same shall be done, shall at the same time certify the same, by subscribing his Name thereto (for the doing whereof such Mailer shall be paid for each Certificate one Shilling and no more) then and in every such Case, the Annuity Stock mentioned in such Receipts to be transferred, shall re Farther pnvijv speiftively go and be deemed subject and liable to the same Trulls, for the Benefit of the same Persons, th's

and for the same Uses, Ends, Intents and Purposes, as the rest of the trust Annuity Stock remaining 20 Gil. 2.. e. j, in such 'ivuftees respectively will or ought to be subject and liable to; and such Trustees respectively 2- cs shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any Loss, Charges or Damages, on account of their'so^doing, at the Expenses of the said trust Estates

Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall, extend or be construed to extend This at not to to restrairi or prohibit any such Trustees from laying out or dispoiing of any of the said trust Moneys in rsftraintru any other Purchases or any other Securities, whether publick or private, if they shall so think fit, in ^outtruft*" the same Mafiner and with the same Freedom and Security to themselves as they might have done if this Money in other Act had not been made.

XL. And Purchases.

264 C 18. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

Kales to be ob xl.'and as to the said Sum of forty-four thousand six hundred eighty-five Pounds two" Shillings an(l sixpence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and half-pay. declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who' did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said has pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (laall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and hath had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken oft the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XLI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, 'intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The'Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off one million of South Sea Annuities; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament;

several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty six thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds eighteen Shillings, was appropriated to be 1 paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were pre scribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, over pius may That so much of the said Sum of forty six thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds and eighteen shil be diipoied of to lings, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules cd^&c^or to" ky the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall such Objects of or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or ioft their Limbs in the late Wars, or Charity as his such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper ob »fnallap ieas Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or pemo. Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

45 Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, V proved to be lost by Casualty, by Affidavit before any Baron of "the Exchequer, before 7 July 1737, to be made forth upon producing a Certificate from the said Ba "; and the Officers, on Security given to indemnify them, may make forth Duplicates of the said ", 07. Commissioners of the treasury, 07. empowered to sign such Duplicates."

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish. of Saint (Have, in the City of London, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry.

WHEREAS the Church of the Parish of Saint Olave, in the City of London, and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, is a very ancient Fabric, and notwithstanding consider able Sums of Money have been laid out by the Inhabitants of the said Parish in repairing and support the same, Part thereof hath fallen down, and the other Part which is standing is in a very ruinous Condition Now to the Intent the said Church may be rebuilt for the public Worship of God, and the Instruction of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in the true Christian Religion as now professed in the Church of England, and that the same may be effected in the Manner that may be least burdensome to the Inhabitants of the said Partfh; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Request of the Rector, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, that it may be enacted, lac.

The Church to be rebuilt. Rates for ringing "the Bells, and for Use of Palls. Trustees appointed to receive and apply the Duties. Collectors to be chosen, of 101, on refilling to act. col leftors exempted from being Scavengers. Annuities on Contributions, not to exceed 400 /. per Ann "Annuities charged on the Rates, and exempt from Taxes. Assessments not to exceed 6d. per Pound. 44 Funeral Rates, if Occasion requires, chargeable with the Annuities. The Rights of St. John's Parish not prejudiced hereby. Payment of the Rates not to entitle Persons to Settlements. Rates to cease at See.) Gee. 1.1. 44 the Determination of the Annuities. burying ground of Guy's Hospital not chargeable. No Person jo, to be buried im the Church or Chancel.

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 19. 265

---

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the unlawful playing of interludes within the precincts of the two universities, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the places adjacent, and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for laying a duty upon the Retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof as may affect the privilege of the said universities, with respect to licensing taverns, and all other publick houses within the precincts of the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Letters Patent of King Henry the Eighth, made and granted unto the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, bearing Date the first Day of April in the fourteenth Year of his Reign; and the Letters Patent of Queen Elizabeth, made and granted unto the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, bearing Date the twenty sixth Day of April in the third Year of her Reign; and also all other Letters Patent by any of her Progenitors or Predecessors made to either of the corporated Bodies of the said Universities, and all Manner of Liberties, Franchises, Immunities, Quietances and Privileges, View of Frank Pledge, Law Days, and other Things, whatsoever they were, the which either of the said corporated Bodies of the said Universities had, held, occupied or enjoyed, or of Right ought to have had, used, occupied and enjoyed, were by Authority of Parliament in the thirteenth Year of her Reign, confirmed to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities, and their Successors, for the great Love and Favour that her said Majesty bore towards her said Universities, for the great Zeal and Care that the Lords and Commons had for the Maintenance of good and godly Literature, and the virtuous Education of Youth, within either of the said Universities; and to the Intent that the ancient Privileges, Liberties and Franchises of either of the said Universities, granted, ratified and confirmed by the queen's Highness, and her most noble Progenitors, might be had in greater Estimation, and be of greater Force and Strength, for the better Increase of Learning, and the further suppressing of Vice: And whereas Doubts have arisen or may arise, whether by any of the said Letters Patent, Liberties, Franchises, Immunities or Privileges, or by any subsequent Charter or Charters, or by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, the Chancellor of either of the said Universities, or the vice-chancellor thereof, or his Deputy, or any other Person or Persons, be sufficiently empowered to correct, restrain or suppress common Players of Interludes, settled, residing or inhabiting within the Precincts of either of the said Universities, and not wandering abroad: And whereas the Erection of any Playhouse within the Precincts of either of the said Universities, or Places adjacent, may be attended with great Inconveniences; May it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Stage Players acting within 5 Miles of either University, to be treated as Vagabonds, &c.]

That all Persons whatsoever who shall for Gain in any Playhouse, Booth or otherwise, exhibit any Stage Play, Interlude, Show, Opera, or other Theatrical or Dramatical Performance, or act any Part, or assist therein, within the Precincts of either of the said Universities, or within five Miles of the City of Oxford, or Town of Cambridge, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of either of the said Universities, or the vice-chancellor thereof, or his Deputy respectively, to commit any such Person to any House of Correction within either of the Counties of Cambridge or Oxford respectively, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month, or to the Common Gaol or the City or County of Oxford, or Town or County of Cambridge respectively, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the like Space of one Month;

[Concerning Plays, see farther 25 Geo. 2. c. 56.]

any Licence of the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of either of the said Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any Thing herein or in any other Statute, Law, Custom, Charter or Privilege, to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[ Act e<kv. 6.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth,

which prohibits all Persons not licensed according to the Direction of the said Act to sell Wine by Re C ' tale, and permits no more than three Taverns or Wine Sellers in the City of Oxford, and four Taverns or Wine Sellers in the Town of Cambridge, it was provided, That the said Act, or any Tiling therein contained, (hold not in any wise be prejudicial or hurtful to any of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or to the Chancellor or Scholars of the same, or their Succefi ors, or any of them, to impair or

take away any of the Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities to them, or any of them, appertaining or belonging, but that they, and every of them, and their Successors,

might have, hold, use and enjoy, all their Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities, in such large and ample wise, as though the said Act had never been made, so always,

that there Should not be any more or greater Number of Taverns kept or maintained within any of the said Towns of Oxford or Cambridge, than might be lawfully kept and maintained by the Provision, true Meaning and Intent of the said Statute: And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth year of the Reign 12 Car. 3. C 15.. ' of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better ordering the Selling of wines by Retak, and for preventing Abuses in the mingling, corrupting and viciating of Urines, and for sitting and limiting the Prices of the same, it was provided, That the said Act, or anything therein contained, should not in

any wise be prejudicial to the Privilege of the two Universities of this Land, or either of them, nor to

the Chancellors or Scholars of the same, or their Successors, but that they might use and enjoy such

as theretofore they had lawfully used and enjoyed; And whereas by an Act made in the

voil. VI M m ' ninth

266 C 19.

Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

1* Ann, ft. j. C j3.

10 & 11 W. 3. C 11.

j Geo. J. C 23.

9 Anne. 23.«ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for charging certain new Duties on stamped Vellum, Parch inent and Paper, and for other Purposes, whereby, amongst other Things, several Duties therein expressed are directed to be paid for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, ' on which shall be engrossed or written any Licence for retaling of Wine, or for selling of Ale, Beer, ' or other exciseable Liquors by Retale, it was provided. That nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice any Right the two Universities of Oxford and Cam ' bridge, or either of them had, or claimed to have, to the licensing any Taverns, Inns or Alehouses, ' within their several Jurisdictions, but that the said Universities might, from time to time, grant LI ' cences for any Taverns, Inns and Alehouses, within their several Jurisdictions, subject to the several Duties aforesaid, in as ample Manner as they respectively mighty lawfully have granted the same, if the said Act had never been made: And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Ma ' Jess Service during the late War, to exercise Trades, and for Officers to account with their Soldiers, it was provided. That neither the said Act, nor an Act made for the like Purpose in the tenth and eleventh £ Years of King William the Third, should in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person to setup the Trade of a Vintner, or to sell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Universities, without LI ' cence first had and obtained from the Vice chancellors of the same respectively: whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirt f turns Liquors, and for licensng the Retailers thereof it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, any Person or Persons who had followed and exercised the Art or Business of Distillation for seven Years then last pastor had served, or on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, were serving any Apprenticeship to the same, should and might have full Liberty and Authority to exercise or follow any other Trade,

Art, Business or Manufacture in any City, Town or Place, within that Part of Britain called England;

any Law, Charter, Grant, Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas since the making of the said last mentioned Act, and under Colour thereof, Persons not licensed by the Chancel

Masters and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge, or by the Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of the said University of Oxford, have exercised and followed, or may exercise and follow, in the said City of Oxford and Town of Cambridge, the Trades of Vintners or Wine Sellers, and much evil rule

and Disorder may be practised in Taverns not so licensed, to the great Annoyance of the said Chancel lors, Masters and Scholars, and Corruption of the Youth educated in the said Universities Be it sura

g Geo. 2. there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one nrt to affect the thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, nothing in the said last mentioned Act contained shall extend, xtnlv/riities.*or ke construed to extend, to prejudice the Right which the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge, or the Chancellor or vice-chancellor of the said University of Oxford in the Right of the said University of Oxford respectively, claim of licensing Taverns and other Public-houses within the Precincts of either of the said Universities; that the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University of Cambridge, and the Chancellor and vice-chancellor of the said University of Oxford, in Right of the said University of Oxford respectively, shall and may use and enjoy the said Right, as fully and freely as they might have used and enjoyed the same, if the said Act had not been made; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That all and every Person and Persons who have followed and exercised the Art or Business of Distillation for seven Years, before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, or have served, or on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, were serving any Apprenticeship to the same, and who, since the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, have exercised or followed in the said Town of Cambridge the Trades of Vintners or Wine Sellers, without the Licence of the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, shall have full Liberty and Authority to exercise

thdrtrades up or f°^ow the said Trades of Vintners or Wine Sellers in the said Town of Cambridge, so as they and on taking out every of them on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June next following, take out such Licences, Licences. paying their Proportion for the same of the Money usually and annually paid by the Vintners or Wine Sellers now' licensed by the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars, and upon such Terms, and subject to such Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions and Power of Revocation, as the said Vintners or Wine Sellers so licensed as aforesaid are subject toj anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said Chancellor or vice-chancellor of the said University of Oxford, or any other Officer of that Body, to receive or take, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, for

Distillers,

and Wine Sel

No See to be taken for Licences.

Sec farther

17 <?«. 2. C 40. granting such Licences as aforesaid; shall any Sum of Money, See, Gratuity or Reward be heresy after paid to any Person or Persons for or in respect of such Licences, other than such annual Pay'merits in like Manner, and to the like ltfes, as have been usual in the University of Cambridge; any

30 Geo. 2. c. 19, 2. C

32 Cm. 2. C 19. Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

thisaanotto V. Provided always, That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not in any wise be con »<fc£t the Privi strued to prejudice or confirm any of the Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Powers and ersox°so> i, eclty Authorities appertaining or belonging to the Mayor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the City of Oxford, or to any of them, but that they and every of them, and their Successors, may have, hold, use and enjoy, all their Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities, in such large and ample wise as though this present Act had never been had or made.

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 20-22. 267

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a Public at, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enable the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark, to repair and maintain their Bridge over the River Clyd at Clydjhom, in the Shire of Lanark.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland the thirtieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, intituled, An Act in Favours of the Burgh of Lanark, reciting that the Burgh of Lanark had been at a vast Expense in building a Bridge over the lli ver Clyd, and that by reason of the great Repair, and the violent current of the Water, it would require frequent Reparations, which the Magistrates of the said Burgh were unable to do, it was enacted, That for enabling the said Magistrates to maintain the said Bridge, the several Tolls therein mentioned*(hold be granted to the Magistrates of the said Burgh for the Space of nineteen Years: And where as the said Bridge hath been, and still is, of so great Use and Service to the nighbouring Country in general, that notwithstanding the Term granted by the said Act expired in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, yet the said Tolls have been voluntarily paid, till of late that some Persons have refused to pay the same: And whereas the annual Expense of keeping the said Bridge in Repair exceeds the yearly Income of the Tolls granted by the said Act, and the maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Bridge will be attended with a constant Charge and Expense to the said Town: And whereas the Magistrates of the said Burgh of Lanark are unable to repair and support the same (their Debts being already so large and the Circumstances of the Community so low unless the said former Act be revived, and the Term and Tolls thereby granted continued and enlargedmay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, upon the humble Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh of Lanark, that it may be enacted,

This Act to be in Force for 31 Years.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for making the Chapel in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the Parish of Towcester, in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto, and for enabling the Master of the Free Grammar School within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, to be Vicar of the said Parish Church.

PR.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the Laws now in Being, for Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City.

WHEREAS the well ordering and regulating a Watch in the nighttime within the several preamwe.

Wards in the City of London is of very great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Concerning pav Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to prevent Fires, Murders, Burglaries, Rob '$fnrefjrt"*'

beries, and other Outrages and Disorders: And whereas by the Laws now in Being no effectual Provi 19 Car. 2. C 3.

fion is made for the establishing, ordering or well governing of such a Nightly Watch, or for levying f r

and collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, and of the Bedels who car.z.

shall be appointed to take Care of the same; 'For the effecting of which good Purposes for the future, ztr.&m./t.s. and to the End that a due Application and just Account may be had and taken of the Money which shall cf hereafter be levied and collected by virtue of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, may it please your most \&'9py, jlc.'; ." Excellent Majesty, at the humble Petition and Desire of the Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the 7 Ann. C 9. City of London, in Common Council assembled, that it may be it enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Common Corn mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, between the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and thirty officers, and seven and the twentieth Day of November next following, and foin every Year ensuing between the first make Orders for Day of October and the twentieth Day of November in each succeeding Year, to order and appoint what ^atcti* Number of Watchmen and Bedels they shall judge necessary and proper to be kept within each of the several Wards of the said City and the Liberties thereof, for one whole Year commencing from the twenty-fifth Day of December next ensuing the said Order; and shall then and there direct how they ought to be armed, and how long they are to Watch, what Wages and Allowances shall be given to the said Watchmen and Bedels for their Attendance; and shall also order and direct what Number of Constables shall attend every Night in each respective Ward; and shall make all such other Orders and Regulations as the Nature of each particular Service shall seem to them to require.

Mm

2 68

and to appoint Rates,

C 22.

Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

to le collected quarterly.

Diflrcfs on Nonpayment,

or imprison nient.

Appeal in case of Grievance.

Aldermen, tre of each Ward to make Orders and Regulations within their re spedfive Wards.

Copy of Orders, &c. to given the Constables;

Their Charge.

II. And for the better raising and levying of Moneys, for paying the Wages of the said Watchmen and Bedels, and other Charges incident thereto, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled, every Year as aforesaid, shall then and there, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to determine and direct what Sum and Sums of Money shall be raised and levied upon each respective Ward for answering the Purposes aforesaid; for raising the said several Sums of Money, to direct the Alderman, Deputy and Common Council Men of each and every of the respective Wards in the said City of London and Liberties thereof, or the major Part of them, to make an equal Rate and Assessment upon all and every the Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy or enjoy any Land, House, Shop, Warehouse or other Tenement, within their respective Wards (Regard being had in making the said Rate to the Abilities of, and likewise to the Rent paid by, the said several Inhabitants and Occupiers so to be rated and assessed) and the Alderman, Deputy and Common Council Men of each Ward of the said City, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to make such Rate and assessment for their respective Wards in such Manner and Form as shall be so directed by the said Court of Common Council; which said Rates or Assessments so to be made, and all Arrears due upon the same, shall be collected quarterly from the several Inhabitants or Occupiers in each of the said several Wards by the several Constables for the time being of the several precincts, or by the Bedels in each of the said respective Wards, as the Alderman, Deputy and Common Council Men of each Ward, or the major Part of them, shall direct and appoint; and in case any of the said Inhabitants or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum so rated and assessed upon him, her or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or the Alderman of the Ward wherein the Premises for which such Inhabitants or Occupiers shall be rated and assessed shall be situate (which Warrant the said Lord Mayor or Alderman is hereby authorised and required to grant, upon Oath made before him by the said Collector or Collectors of the Party or Parties so refuting or neglecting to pay) to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing; to him, her or them the Overplus (if any be) the reasonable Charge of making the said Distress and Sale being first deducted; and for want of such Distress by like Warrants to commit the Party or Parties so neglecting or refu ling to one of the Compters of the said City for the Space of one Month, or until Payment thereof.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Rate and Assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for them respectively within the Space of twenty Days after the Sum so rated and assessed shall be demanded, to appeal to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, whose Decision shall be final and conclusive.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Alderman, Deputy and Common Council Men of each Ward within the said City, or the major Part of them, whereof the Alderman or Deputy to be one, shall within fourteen Days after the Number of Watchmen shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, assemble at some convenient Place within their respective Wards yearly and every Year and shall nominate and choose such honed and able-bodied Men, to be employed as Watchmen within their respective Wards, as they shall think bed qualified for the Service; and shall then order, and set down in Writing, at what Stands it is fit for the said Watchmen to be placed, and in what Manner, and how often it shall be required of them to go their Rounds; and shall then make such other Orders and Regulations concerning the Watchmen and Bedels, as the Nature of each particular Service shall appear to them to require; and if any of the said Watchmen so by them appointed shall die within the Time for which they are appointed to serve, or shall be negligent in his or their Duty, or guilty of any Misbehaviour, or if it shall be found necessary to repeal, amend or alter any of the Nominations, Appointments, Orders or Regulations by them made, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Aldermen, by and with the Advice and Consent of their respective Deputies and the Common Council Men of each Ward being convened by due Notice, or the major Part of them who shall be there pre ent, at any intermediate Times of the Year, to remove any of the said Watchmen so by them appointed, and to nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons fitly qualified in the Room and Stead of him or them so dying, or of him or them who shall be removed for Misbehaviour as aforesaid; also to make such further Orders and Regulations for the better Government and Direction of the said Watchmen and Bedels within their respective Wards, as they shall think proper: Provided, That such Orders and Regulations be not repugnant to the Regulations and Orders which shall be made by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons' in Common Council assembled.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a true Copy or Transcript as well of all the Orders and Regulations made by the said Court of Common Council, as of all such Nominations, Appointments, Orders and Regulations, as shall be so made from time to.time as aforesaid, for the better direction and Government of the Watchmen and Bedels by the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Council Men of the said respective Wards, Urall be fairly written and signed by the Alderman or his Deputy, and the major. Part of the Common Council Men of each Ward, and shall be delivered to all and every the Constables of the several precincts within the said respective Wards; and that from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand l'even hundred and thirty seven, one or more of the said Constables of each of the said Wards, as shall be judged necessary by the said Court of Common Council to be held as aforesaid, shall attend every Night by Turns, and shall keep Watch and Ward within their respective Wards in Manner following; that is to say. From the said twenty-fifth Day of December to the tenth Day of March following, from the Hours of nine in the Evening till seven the next Morning; and from thenceforth yearly and every Year the said Constables shall attend from the tenth of March to the

8 tenth

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 22. 269

tenth of September, from the Hours of ten in the Evening till five the next Morning; and from the tenth of September to the tenth of March, from nine in the Evening till leven the next Morning; and the said Constables shall in their several Turns or Courses of watching use their belt Endeavours to prevent Fires,

Murders, Burglaries, Robberies and other Outrages and disorders; and to that end shall and they are hereby empowered and required to arrest and apprehend all night walkers, Malefactors, and suspected Persons, who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and shall carry the Person or Persons who shall be so apprehended, as soon as conveniently may be, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of and for the said City, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and shall twice or oftener, at convenient Times in every Night, go about their respective Wards, and take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duties in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations as shall have been made for that Purpose by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled, or by the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Council Men of the respective Wards; and in case any such Watchman shall misbehave himself, or neglect his Duty, the said Constables, or one of them, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, give Notice thereof to the aider man or his Deputy for the time being of the Ward to which such Watchman shall belong, to the end that the Alderman, Deputy and Common Council Men may be forthwith summoned, for the Examination and Punishment of such Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Constables shall will Penalty of 20s. fully neglect to attend any Night in his or their Turn, to keep Watch and Ward within their respective for Default. Wards, or shall not come to keep Watch or Ward at the respective Hours appointed by this Act for his and their Attendance thereon, or shall depart from or leave keeping Watch and Ward during the respective Hours appointed by this Act for the keeping the same, or shall neglect in any Night of his and their watching to go about his and their respective Wards twice at the least in each Night of his or their watching for the Purpose of this Act, or shall otherwise misbehave himself or themselves against the Duty prescribed to them by this Act, in each and every of the said Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Watchmens Watchmen, or any of them, in the Absence of the Constable, and they are also hereby authorised and Charge, required in their several Stations during the Time of their keeping Watch and Ward as aforesaid, to apprehend all night walkers, Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and all disorderly Persons whom they shall find disturbing the public Peace, or shall have just Cause to suspect of any evil Designs, and to deliver the Person or Persons so apprehended, as soon as conveniently maybe, to the Constable of the Night, who is hereby required to carry him, her or them as soon as conveniently may be, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who shall from time to time be directed 101. Penalty on and appointed Collectors of the several Rates and assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall Collectors refu, neglect or refuse to take upon him or them the said Office, or duly to execute the same according to the firs to true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he or they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and shall continue liable to be appointed into the said Office again the Year following; and in case of his or their Refusal they shall be again liable to the like Penalties, as often as he or they shall refuse to take upon him or them the said Office; and upon every such Refusal of any Person or Persons so to be appointed Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, to take upon him or them the said Office, or in case of Death after such Appointment, it shall and may be lawful for the Alderman, Deputy and Common Council Men of such Ward, or the major Part of them, to direct and appoint any other Person or Persons inhabiting in such Ward, to be Collector or Collectors in the Room or Stead of such Person or Persons who shall so refuse to take upon him or them the said Office, or shall die after such Appointment; and in case such Person or Persons so directed and appointed shall refuse to take upon him or them the said Office, he or they shall be liable, to the like Penalties as herein before are appointed for any Constable or Bedels, who shall refuse to Wake upon him or them the said Office.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Collector or Col coilecior sduty, ledtors of the Rates and assessments aforesaid, of every Ward, shall collect the lame quarterly, and shall

severally enter in some Book or Books to be by them respectively kept for that Purpose, the several Sums which they shall from time to time receive on account of the said Rates and Assessments, and likewise the Names of the Persons from whom, and the particular Times when they received the same; which Book and Books they shall at all convenient Times produce upon demand, and show to the Deputy or Deputies of their respective Wards; and they shall pay the Money by them respectively received on account of the said Rates and assessments into the Hands of such Deputy, as he or they shall receive the same, and in such Manner as that such Collector shall never have a Sum exceeding five Pounds so collected at one Time in his or their Hands by the Space of five Days; and if any of the said Collectors shall neglect to make such Entries, or shall refuse to produce and show to the Deputy of their respective Wards the Book or Books hereby directed to be by them respectively kept for the Purposes aforesaid (the same having been demanded of them) or if any of them shall keep or retain in his or their Hands more than the said Sum of five Pounds longer than five Days; in each and every the said Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit the Sum nd Penalty on of forty Shillings for every such Offence; and on Payment of every such Sum of Money into the Hands of such Deputy of each Ward, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the same from the said Deputy, in which Receipt shall be specified and expressed the Name of such Collector or Collectors, the Stun paid, and the Name of the Precinct and Ward wherein the Money hath been. i'collected j

270 C 22. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

collected; and the respective Deputies for the time being shall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required, to give such Receipt without Fee or Reward; and such Receipts shall by the Collector or Collectors be produced to the Alderman of the Ward, at the Time he and they shall settle and adjust his and their yearly Account and Accounts, and shall by the said Alderman be taken and allowed as a full and sufficient Discharge for all and every such Sum and Sums of Money such Collectors shall have received and raid to such Deputies respectively as aforesaid; the said several Collectors shall within twenty Days next after the End of every three Months after their severally faking upon themselves the said Office of a Collector produce and deliver to the Alderman of the said Ward, or such Personas he shall appoint to receive the same, the Book and Books in which they entered the Sums by them severally received on account of the said Rates; and shall at the same Time give and deliver to the said Alderman, or such Personas he shall appoint to receive the same, a true Account in Writing of all such Persons as shall have neglected or refused to pay the said Rates and assessments, to the Intent that the same may afterwards be recovered and levied. ferbmtmpv X And to the End that the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments for the Purposes afore iniipaciuted'to^may be effectually enforced. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every free vote at Elec man of London liable to pay the Rates and Assessments aforesaid, who shall have neglected or refused

cions. to pay the said Rates and Assessments to the Person or Persons authorised and empowered to collect!

and receive the same (the same 'having been lawfully demanded) or shall have desired to be excused from paying such Rates and Assessments, shall be under the same Incapacity of voting at Elections within the said City of London, as any Person or Persons now is or are, who do not pay their Scotland Lot to the several yearly Rates and Taxes, to which the Citizens of London are at this Time liable.

deputy's

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Deputy of each Ward of the

Charge. said Qty for t]le yime being shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and required to pay all

and singular the Orders and Draughts on him to be made by the Alderman of such Ward, with the Advice of the major Part of the Common Council Men of each Ward respectively, in Discharge of of the Watchmen and Bedels, and other incident Charges in relation to the watching of such Ward, in pursuance of this Act; and the said respective Deputies of the Wards for the time being, shall and are hereby required to keep regular and plain Entries, in a Book to be for that Purpose by them federally provided; of all and singular the Receipts and Payments they shall make on account of the Nightly Watch and Bedels within their respective Wards as aforesaid, and other Charges incident

thereto; which Books shall be produced yearly at the Wardmote in each Ward, if required: And

also that the Depties respectively for the time being shall have the same Account audited and passed between the First Day of February and the First Day of March yearly, by the Alderman and the major Part of the Common Council Men of each Ward, in which the Money so to be accounted for shall be collected.

I ord Mayor, or

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and (vfctare to try or Lord Mayor for the time being, or any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said City, Offences againittf) hear and determine any of the Offences, which are made subject to and punishable by any pecu ihis AQ, J niary Penalties directed to be levied by this Act: And the said Lord Mayor, or such Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within ten Days after such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side; and in case the said Party or Parties accused shall not appear on such Summons (and after Oath made of the Commission of any the Offences above-mentioned

by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses) to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties offending in the said City of London; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or his or their Contempt in not appearing, upon the Proof of Notice given to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath he or they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to administer) and to give such Judgement, Sentence and Determination as shall be just and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning of this act; and where the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either upon such Infor

n( to levy Te illation as aforesaid, or on Confession of the Party or Parties accused, it shall and may be lawful for

nalties by Di such Lord Mayor or Justices, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for levying the pecuniary Penalties

rt b' and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods and Chattles of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause

Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in Five Days, rendering to the Party or Parties the Overplus (if any there be after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress

and Sale) upon Demand; and in case any Person or Persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid,

and no Goods or Chattles of such Person or Persons so offending can at the Time of such Conviction

be found, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Ollender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties

shall be paid.

er mitigate

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lord Mayor or Justices of the Peace, from time to time (where they see Cause) to mitigate, compound or lessen any of the said

Forfeitures or Penalties as he or they in their Discretion shall think fit (To as such Mitigation do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalty or Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act) and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person offending respectively, for so much of the said Penalty or Forfeiture as shall be so lessened, mitigated or remitted.

D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II.

C 22.

271

XIV. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved, or re ocsfu/i 'scffi*

tnain unsatisfied ir the Judgement of the said Lord Mayor, or Justices, then such Person or Persons shall tr'

and may by virtue of this Act complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next quarter scg

lions to be held for the said City of London, who are hereby empowered and required to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case of Conviction to issue a Warrant or Warrants for levying and compelling by such Means as aforesaid the Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties to be levied by Penalties hov*

virtue of this Act shall be paid and applied in Manner following 5 that is to say, one Moiety thereof to to 6 app, e '

the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety to the Aider

man of the Ward where such Offence shall be committed, to be by him paid and applied for and towards defraying the Charges and Expenses of the Nightly Watch and Bedels and other Charges incident thereto within such Ward.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Deficiency in any Deficiency in One year's Rate or Assessment so to be made as aforesaid in any of the Wards within the said City or be suppuetl'&c Liberties thereof, either by Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Buildings of other Tenements being empty, p' or by the Insolvency or Removal of any of the Inhabitants, Tenants, Occupiers, or otherwise, for which

or upon whom such Rates and Assessments are respectively charged or chargeable by this Act, so that the Wages and Allowances to Watchmen and Bedels and other incident Charges cannot be fully satisfied, paid and discharged ill that Year y then and in such Case the Deficiency so happening in the said Ward shall be paid out of the next succeeding year's Rate and Assessment; and if there shall happen.to be any surplus Money collected by such Rates and Assessments as aforesaid in any of the said Wards in any one Year, such Surplus shall be carried on to the Credit of the Account of the next year's Rate and assessment and shall be applied for such Uses, and in such Manner, as, the Rates and assessments collected in such Ward are by this Act directed to be laid out and applied, and to no other Use or purpose whatsoever

And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City are by the several Land lords or Owners thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to diverse Tenants, whereby it will be dif

ficult to rate and assess such Houses, or to recover such Rates and assessments when made; '

For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Houses let out Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, j, o^tosbeeaf it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each respective Ward, by and with the Con sessed.0 ea" Tent of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, from time to time and at all Times when they are directed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said city, in Common Council assembled, to make any Rate and assessment on the Inhabitants of their respective Wards, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of all such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occupied by three or more Tenants; which Rate and assessment shall be paid by one or more of the Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Rate and assessment shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her or them so refusing to pay the same; which Distress and Sale shall be made in like Manner as Distresses and Sales of the Goods of other Parties neglecting or refusing to pay the Rates, and assessments imposed and directed to be imposed by virtue of this Act are directed to be made; and such Occupier and Occupiers of such Tenements are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall befo.rated, imposed or assessed on the Owner or Owners thereof in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Landlord or Owner or Owners thereof are hereby required "to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every Tenant paying such Assessment or Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her or their Rent should have been due or payable.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons, who shall Persons rated be rated and assessed and pay to any Rate and Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be notpable.to liable to any Watch or Ward by virtue of the Statute corarnonjy called The Statute of Winchester, made any atcl' in the thirteenth Year of King Edward the first, or any other subsequent Statutes relating thereto, but shall be and are hereby discharged of and from the same.

XIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty second and twenty Aflzz & 13 ' third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Car 2. C? better paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of London, it is enacted

other Things) That from thenceforth the sole Power and Authority of ordering, design ing and regulating of the pitching and paving all the Streets, Lanes and Passages whatsoever within the said City and Liberties, with the Order and Manner thereof, should be. and remain in the Mayor,

1 Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, to be executed by such Persons as by the said Mayor, al deimen and Commons, in common council assembled, should be appointed, or by any Seven or 1 more of them, being all Members of the said Court; and it is also thereby further enacted, That for the better enabling the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, to perform the Works by the said Statute appointed to be done, and for defraying the Charge thereof, it should be lawful for the said Persons so to be authorised, or any Seven of them, as often as. Need (liquid be, to irr.pose any reasonable Tax or assessment, as well upon the Tenants and Occupiers, as also upon the Owners of

Houses, Shops or other Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof there should be no present Occupier,

'4 to

272

C 22.

Anno decitno Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

Assessments on untenacted Grounds, chow to be

made.

Taxes on vacant Grounds, C to be paid out of the City Cart),

and repaid by the next Occupiers.

Ports to be setup for foot pairages.

Lihiitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

Set farther,

17 Geo. 2. f, 29 1sg03. 2. r. 33 33 Geo. a. C 30.

4 to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Parties refuting or neglecting to pay, as by the said Act more fully may appear; but inasmuch as it frequently happens that no Distress can be found upon Ground, Houses, Shops or Tenements, that lie vacant or untenacted, where by the necessary Taxes or Assessments for paving the Streets, Lanes or Passages, lying before such vacant Ground!, Houses, Shops or Tenements, cannot be levied, by reason whereof such Part of the said Streets, Lanes and Passages often remains unpaved, to the great Nuisance of the Public For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Persons now authorised, or hereafter to be authorised, by virtue of the said Statute as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, to order such Parts of the respective Streets, Lanes and paf sages, as lie before such vacant or untenacted Ground, Houses, Shops or Tenements, as often as Need shall be, to be well and sufficiently paved, cleansed and amended, and to impose such Tax or assessment on the Owner or Owners thereof, as shall be necessary for the doing the same; all which Taxes and Assessments shall be paid, for and upon the Account of such Owner or Owners thereof, by him, her or them, who shall from time to time be the next and first Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, Shops or Tenements, after the making or imposing such Tax or Assessment; in case such Occupier or Occupiers shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Taxes and Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of him, her or them, so refusing to pay the same: Which Distress and Sale shall be made in such Manner as Distresses and Sales thereof are directed to be made by the said Statute; and all and every such first Occupier and Occupiers are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be so rated, imposed or assessed on the Owner or Owners of such Ground, Houses, Shops or Tenements, in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Landlord or Landlords, or Owner or Owners thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every Tenant paying such Taxes or Assessments shall be acquitted and discharg ed for so much Money, as the said Taxes or Assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such Person or Persons, to whom his, her or their Rent (hold have been due or payable.

XX. And, to the End that all and every the Pavements lying before any vacant or untenacted Groundj House, Shop or Tenement, in any of the Streets, Lanes or Passages, may from time to time be effectually amended; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, shall pay all and every the Taxes and Assessments which shall be imposed or assessed upon the Owner or Owners of such vacant or untenacted Ground, Houses, Shops or Tenements, during the Time the same shall so continue vacant or untenacted, out of the City Cash; but in case after such Payment by the said Chamberlain any of the said Taxes or Assessments shall be paid or levied by or upon the Tenant or Tenants thereof, who shall afterwards occupy the Tame, then and in every such Case the same shall forthwith be repaid into the Chamber of the said City.

XXI. And whereas from the great Increase of Coaches, Carts and other Carriages, and their frequent passing through the Streets; Lanes and Passages of the said City, it is become necessary for the

Safety and Convenience of all Persons passing within the said City, that Polls should be setup in many Streets, Lanes and other Passages, where now there are none, to preserve a foot passage; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundrfetl and thirty seven, it shall and may be lawful for the said Persons, authorised and to be authorize if as aforesaid, or any Seven of them, to order, design and setup Posts in all or any the Streets, Lanes and Passages whatsoever, where Need shall be, within the said City and Liberties, to preserve foot passages; which Power shall be exercised in the same Manner as the Powervested in them by the said Statute, For the better paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City; 'and for enabling them to execute and perform the Works last mentioned and appointed to be done, it shall also be lawful for them, or any Seven of them, to make such Taxes and Assessments as shall be reasonable, to be charged and levied in the same Manner as the other Taxes and Assessments may be and are directed to be charged and levied by the aforesaid Statute, or by so much of this present Act as relates to the paving of the said Streets, and in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same was herein particularly recited.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case the Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the.plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases. by Law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever. without specially pleading the same,

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II.

C 23-26.

273

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for explaining and amending and making more effectual several Acts of Pafliannint made in the fourth, sixth, and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First respectively, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned in the Counti s of Surrey., Kent, and Sussex, for enlarging the Ti'crms and Powers by the said Acts granted; and for repairing the Road lying between Nonesuch and jforcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the said County of Suirey.

PR.

The Acts are continued from 25 March 1762, for 15 Years; and the Tolls increased. Continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 51.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act Joe repairing and widening the Read leading from the Black. Bull Inn in Dunstable in the County of Bedford, to the ifay turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House in the County of Hertford and for preventing the driving of Cattle through private Grounds and Railages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle by an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the Road., from South Mims to Saint Albans, in the said County of Hertford.

PR.

The Act is farther continued for 21 Years. Continued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Liberty of Saffron hill, Hatlon garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

WHEREAS the well ordering and regulating a Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Liberty 1 of Saffron hill, Hatton garden, and Ely Rents, in the Pari lit of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, is of great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the 1 Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to prevent, as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Robberies and other Outrages and Disorders: And whereas by the Laws now in being no effectual Provision is made for the establishing, ordering and well governing such Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Dillridl, for levying and collecting any Sums of Money for ddray ing the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Money so levied and collected for that Purpose For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences; may it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, GY.

"Trustees to be elected; appoint Watchmen, Bedels and their Wages, and the Pound Rate to be "made. Copies of Orders, GY. to be given to the Constables, GY. Trustees to make assessments and "appoint Coiledors. Appeal, in case of Grievance, to be made to the Quarter sessions. assessments "not to exceed 6d. per Pound of the yearly Rent. Persons paying the Rates not entitled to Settle "GY. An Account of the Moneys collected, to be registered, GY. Persons hereby rated discharged from Watch and Ward."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

EXP.

"Sheriffs and Gaolers to deliver a List of their Prisoners, &c. to the Justices, GY. To be kept by "the Clerk of the Peace. Persons inserted in the Lists, and Prisoners, shall be discharged. They are "to deliver in a Schedule of their Estates, GY. on Oath. Schedule vested in the Clerk of the Peace, "who is toaflign it to the Creditors, to be divided among the Creditors. Justices who grant Warrants "for bringing Prisoners to the Quarter sessions, shall) give Notice to be served on the Creditors. "Prisoners to give ike Notice to tyre Creditors, and public Notice in the Gazette, 30 Days before "Sessions. The prisoner's Oath not being disproved, GY. the Justices are to discharge him. Debtors "having served an Apprenticeship, or employed in any Trade, or in the Sea Service, and actually be "Sea, may surrender themselves, and be entitled to the Benefit of the Ad, but subject to the "same Restrictions as the other Prisoners. Prisoner forswearing himself, guilty of Felony. Prisoner "for Debts before 1 j.m. 1736. shall not be imprisoned for the same again. Persons discharg "ed may 'plead generally in Discharge of their Persons from Execution. Plaintiff may reply gene rally, and deny the Matters pleaded. Not to extend to Scotland. Debtors in Gaols only for Fees, "discharged. Not to discharge Debtors to the Crown, or owing above 500l. to one Person.; but Creditor to allow 3 s. 6d. per Week for his Maintenance. Discharges to be obtained before t ja "or excluded. Discharge obtained fraudulently, void. Creditors may compel Debtors who choo/e to continue in Prison to give an Account upon Oath of their Effects, GY. on 30 Days Notice "in the Gazette. Such Prisoners to be examined as the rest. Prisoners upon Processes out of Courts "of Conscience to have the Benefit of the Ad. Bankrupts not obtaining a Certificate of Discharge: GY. "not benefited hereby."

Vol. VI N n

C 27.

Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for laying a Duty upon Apples imported from Foreign Parts; and for continuing an at passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, For granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder, and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of Foreign Paper, and for the better securing the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of British made Sail Cloth and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great Frauds are and have been committed in the Importation of Apples from ' y V Foreign Parts to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue, in regard the same are an unrated Commodity, and now lubjccil to and paying a Duty ad Valorem only upon the Oath of the Importer We Your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament aitem bled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, answered and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for

and upon all Apples, which at any time or times after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, over Additional and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties already imposed thereon, an additional Duty to be reck

buthci°f 2s, per ned after the Rate of two Shillings for every Bushel, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quan

u'tity, to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers from time to time before the Landing of the same respectively.

how to be le

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty upon Apples import vied and ap CD shall be raised, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into his Majesty's Exchequer, and applied p 1 (except the necessary Charges of Management thereof) by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods

and under Rich Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the other Duties upon Apples imported, or any of them, are by any A or acts of Parliament prescribed or appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid and applied.

Act of Geo. 2. C

III. And whereas an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, C 29. continued An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder, is near expiring 'continued by which Act hath been found very useful and beneficial to his Majesty's trading Subjects; 'Be it fur 24 Geo. 2. c. 52, 'there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the au tmd farther by thoritics, Powers and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be ex-31 to, 2. C 36. from and after the Expiration of the Term thereby granted for and during the further Term

of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, in as full and ample Manner as if the same were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IV. And whereas the Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of foreign Paper tend to the great Discouragement of the Manufacture of Paper within the Kingdom of Great Britain; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, there shall not be allowed or made on the re exportation of any foreign No Drawback Paper any Drawback or Repayment of any of the Customs or Duties charged and paid on the importa cn foreign kation thereof into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament any Law, Custom or Usage to per exported, the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

formerprwijuas ' V And whereas the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain is greatly increased, and hath given a relating herno, ' comfortable Support and Maintenance to many of his Majesty's Subjects employed therein, from the l&iit'.l'.cx'o, C great Encouragements given thereto by Parliament; videlicet. By laying an additional Duty of one e? 30.' Penny per Ell upon the Importation of foreign made Sails and Sail Cloth, and taking off the Draw

12. atn.stat. 1. ' back on the Exportation thereof, and by admitting rough or undreft Flax (of which Sail Cloth is cf e, 2y, C vfuilly made) to be imported free of all Duties, and by giving a Reward or Recompense of two9 Geo. 2. c. 37. ' Pence for every Ell of British made Sail Cloth or Canvas fit for or made into Sails, exported by way of Merchandise, payable out of the said additional Duty of one Penny per Ell on foreign made Sails and Sail Cloth imported and forasmuch as in many Ports of this Kingdom, from which British) made Sail Cloth is exported, there is not so much Money collected and received for the said additional Duty of one Penny per Ell, as is or may be sufficient to pay the said Reward or Recompense, whereby the Exporters at such Ports are under great Discouragement, and can not have the Benefit of the said Reward or Recompense as in other Ports, where such Reward

r ward due to or Reccmpence is duly paid; 'For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Exporters of That Collector the Customs in any Port of this Kingdom shall not have sufficient Money

Rritiih Sail in his Hands arising by the said additional Duty of one Peony per Ell, to satisfy and pay such Re

becpaid, in case wai'd or rec°inpence, as is or shall be due to any Exporters of British made Sail Cloth or Sails

the Colieaors as aforesaid, that then such Collector shall give to the Person entitled to such Reward or Recom

of customs pence a Certificate under his Hand attested by the Comptroller, of what is due to such Person for fwieat>money. eriujh Sail Cloth or Sails so exported, certifyiilg to the Commissioners of the Customs at London

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 28. 275

ion or Edinburgh respectively, that he hath not Money in his Hands on the Branch aforesaid fuf Sa farther ficient to pay the same; which Certificate being affixed to or wrote upon the Debenture for the 9 pfj ' same, and being produced to the said respective Commissioners, they are hereby authorised and re 1} rf " C*quired on Demand by the Person who shall bring the same, to cause the Moneys thereby due to 26 G- -- < be paid in three Months by the respective Receivers General or Cashiers of the Customs, out of such Moneys as are or shall be in their Hands, arising by the additional Duty of one Penny per Ell as aforesaid.

VI. And, for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through Neglect or Inadvertency have omit ed to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, which hath been put or

placed to or with any Matter or Mittrcls to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to

nave such Indentures or other Writings, which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times

by the several Acts of Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like Manner omitted to insert and write in Words at Length in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat upon Payment of the clauseofrcjiel Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of such Moneys so neglected or omitted to be paid as prentices^&c!*" aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendering the said Indentures or other Concerning In writings, to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or before the twenty-ninth Day^"28gefa'- of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, of which timely Notice is to be given C m. in the London Gazette, the same Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law 20 Cm. 2. r. or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; the Clerk, Apprentice or g' c' Servant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inserted; tyre Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties j anything in this or the said former Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants into one Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Jlurdy Beggars and Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty faaz,

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Law; relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy ^23'

Beggars and Vagrants into one Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sentit was enacted, That all Persons pretending themselves to be Patent Gatherers or Collectors for Prisons, Gaols or Hospitals, and wandering abroad for that Purpose, all Fencers, Bearwards, Common Players of Interludes,

and other Persons therein named and expressed, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds: And whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning so much of the said Act as relates to Common Players of Inter ludes,: 'Now for explaining and amending the same, be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and Person? afling after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, every Person who where

shall, for Hire, Gain or Reward, act, represent or perform, or cause to be acted, represented or per they have not .1 formed any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, Settlement, or or any Part or Parts therein, in case such Person shall not have any legal Settlement in the Place where rity, 'S: C U'

the same shall be added, represented or performed without Authority by virtue of Letters Patent from

his Majesty, his Heirs, Successors or Predecessors, or without Licence fiorn the Lord Chamberlain orbis majesty's Household for the time being, shall be deemed to be a Rogue and a Vagabond within the to deemed Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, and shall be liable and subject to all such Penalties and Pu vasabonds* nishments, and by such Methods of Conviction, as are inflicted on or appointed by the said act for the Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds who shall be found wandering, begging and mifordering themselves, within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person having or not having a legal Settlement as aforesaid shall, without such Authority or Licence as aforesaid, air, represent or perform, or cause to be acted, represented or performed, for Hire, Gain or Reward, any Interlude,

Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and in case and forfeit) jci.

the said Sum of fifty Pounds shall be paid, levied or recovered, such Offender shall not for the same

Offence suffer any of the Pains or Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act.

27& C 28. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth

rid cne^m b. c. Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, no Person shall, for Hire, Gain or Reward, afleti, unices a act, perform, represent or cause to be acted, performed or represented any new Interlude, Tragedy, ft nmo^th*0^bc Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or parts therein; or chamberlain, any new Act, Scene or other Part added to any old Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce cor other Entertainment of the Stage, or any new Prologue or Epilogue, unless a true Copy thereof be

sent to the Lord Chamberlain of the King's Household for the time being fourteen Days at least before the acting, representing or performing thereof, together with an Account of the Playhouse or oth.t Place where the same mall be, and the Time when the same is intended to be first acted, represented or performed, signed by the Maher or Manager, or one of the Mahers or Managers of such Playhouse or Place, or Company of Actors therein.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day" of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Chamberlain for the time being, from time to time, and when, and as often as he shall think tit, to prohibit the acting, performing or representing any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Act, Scene or Part thereof, or any Prologue or

snd Terrons Epilogue; and in case any Person or Persons shall for" Hire, Gain or Reward, act, perform or represent, or caulc to be acted, performed or represented, any new Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, X C tcmurfbit11' Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Act, Scene or Part thereof, or any new Prologue or oi. and their Epilogue, before a Copy thereof shall be sent as aforesaid with such Account as aforesaid, or shall fur Licence. Hire, Gain or Reward, act, perform or represent, or cause to be acted, performed or represented, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Act, Scene or Part "thereof, or any Prologue or Epilogue, contrary to such Prohibition as aforesaid; Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and every Grant, Licence and Authority (in case there be any such) by or under which the said Matter or Mailers or Manager or Managers setup, formed or continued such Playhouse, or such Company of Actors, shall cease, determine and become absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

nothys to be V. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall) be authorised by virtue of any Letters Patent afled but in from his Majesty, his Heirs, Successors or Predecessors, or by the Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of piace^of his r h's majesty's Houshold for the time being, to act, represent or perform for Hire, Gain or Reward, any majesty's Refi Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part dense. or Parts therein, in any Part of Great Britain, except in the City of Westminster, and within the Liberties

thereof, and in such Places where his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall in their Royal Persons reside, and during such Residence only; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalties how

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the pecuniary Penalties inflicted by uibc recovered, this Act for Offences committed within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, shall be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and for the Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action or summary Complaint, before the Court of Session or Judiciary there; or for Offences committed in any Part of Great Britain, in a summary Way before two Justices of the Peace for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Liberty where any such Offence shall be committed, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Offender; the same to be levied by Distress apd Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus to such Offender, if any there be above the Penalty and Charge of Distress; for want of sufficient Distress the Offender shall be committed to any House of Correction in any such County, Stewartry, Riding or Liberty, for any Time not exceeding six Months, there to be kept to hard Labour, or to the common Gaol of any such County, Stewartry, Riding or Liberty, for any Time not exceeding six Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize; and if any Person or Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Order or Orders of such Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal therefrom to the next general Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County, Stewartry, Riding or Liberty, whose Order therein shall be final and conclusive; the said Penalties for any Offence against this Act fh: dl belong, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Person suing or prosecuting for the same, the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, r.icuniafling

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, n t'liblick Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Act, Scene or Part thereof, shall be sudd acted, represented or performed in any House or Place where Wine, Ale, Beer or other Liquors shall be sold or retaled, the same shall be deemed to be acted, represented and performed for Gain, Hire and Reward.

Limitation of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to be pro atuons. fecuted for any Offence against this Act, unless such Profecurion shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Justice of the Peace, or any other Person for doing, or causing to be done, anything in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact done; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead General situc. General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action or Suit a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs or Prosecutor shall become

nunfuit,

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 29. 277

nonsuit, or shall not prosecute his or their said Action or Suit, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants have Treyc 9ort5'

in Other Cases by Law.

17 Geo. t. C 5.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case fire shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and for exempting such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted or shall grant to his said Royal Highness from the Payment of Fees, Taxes and other Charges whatsoever, and for enabling his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands,

Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain,

and competent Revenue be settled for supporting the Honour and Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case (he shall survive her Royal Contort the most Excellent Prince Frederick, Prince of Wales, your majesty's most dearly beloved Son, and considering the Happiness which (by the Blessing of Almighty God) the Subjects of these Kingdoms cannot fail to enjoy, by a Succession of Princes derived from her, the early Zeal and Sufferings of whose Family for the Protestant Cause ought never to be forgotten; and well knowing that by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late t Anns', flat. i. Majesty Queen Anne (of blessed Memory) for preserving the Inheritance of several Revenues of the C 7 ' Crown, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's hoii/hold, and of the Honour and Dig ' ui/y of the Crown, all Grants thereof (other than such as are therein expressed) are declared to be void;

and that by an Act made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for gannse, C io,

establishing a General Post Office for all her alajejiy's Dominions, and for settlitig a weekly Sum out of the Revenue thereoj for the Service of the War and other her Majesty's Occassions, it was enacted, That such Part or the Duties and Revenues arising in or by the General Letter Office or Poll Office which was thereby vested in her Majesty, her Hens and Successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable,

Should not be alienable, chargeable or grantable for any Estate, Term or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the king or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge or Grant respectively; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations and Assurances whatsoever to be had or made ' of, and Charges upon the same Duties and Revenues or any Part thereof contrary to the Provision of that Act Should be null and voiddo nevertheless most humbly, cheerfully and unanimously beseech your Majesty that it may be. enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the The Princess King's most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent or Indenture, or by several Letters Patent or of Wales, if Indentures, under the great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto her said pr'n^to'hav? Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit an Annuity of to be named in such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of 50,000l. ' or in Trust for the said Princess, one Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Decease of his Majesty's said dearly beloved Son, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the said Princess, and shall be for Life to paid and payable at the four most uftial Feasts or I Jays of Payment in the Year (that is to say) the paid quarterly, Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be made at such of the said Feasts as shall first and next happen after the Decease of his Majesty's said dearly beloved Son, in case the said Princess shall survive him as aforesaid; that the said yearly Sum of ftfty thousand Pounds shall be issuing and payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, such Duties and Revenues as are herein after specified, and in the Proportions following

tthat is to say) the yearly Sum of forty thousand Pounds, Part of the said yearly Bum of fifty thousand 'ounds, shall be issuing and payable out of and be charged and chargeable upon all the Revenues and 00t o tfk Moneys arising and to arise by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act, intituled, An Act for establishing a venues of the General pol Office for all her alajejiy's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof Office, for the Service of the War and other her majesty's Occassions, or by virtue or in pursuance of any Proviso,

Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, or according to any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, the weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds mentioned in the said Act of the ninth Year of her late majesty's Reign, during such Time as the said weekly 'Sum is to continue, and any other Moneys by/that Act appointed to be reserved for the Use of the Public always excepted and foreprized.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That the yearly Sum of ten thousand Pounds (being the Remainder of the said yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds) shall, from and after the Decease of the said Prince of Wales, during the lifetime of the said Princess him surviving, be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid at the Days and Times before mentioned, to the Use of the said Princess, out of

the

278 C 29. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

and hereditary the hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, which were granted to CI 1'3 ° X ie Grown by an act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (of blessed Memory) confirmed by an act of Parliament of the thirteenth Year of his Reign; and the Rates and Duties of Excise, which were granted or continued to his said now Majesty during his Life (which God long preserve) by an Act of Parliament in the first Year of his Reign, during the Continuance thereof, shall likewise be charged and chargeable as an additional Security, for or towards making good such of the Payments of the said yearly Sum of ten thousand Pounds as shall or may happen to incur and grow due alter such Decease of the said Prince of jp ctles, during the joint Lives of his Majesty and of the said Princess.

Payment of the

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, or to be contained in such Letters Patent, on tteduues denture or Indentures as aforesaid, shall extend to hinder or obstruct: the Payments of the weekly of Excise not Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, or the yearly Sum of sixteen thousand two hundred sixty hereby obstruct three Pounds eight Shillings and eleven Pence, by former Acts of Parliament charged upon the said ed' Rates and Duties of Excite, or some of them, or the Application thereof to the respective Uses intended

by such former Acts concerning the same; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deficiency how

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Revenue of the Poll Office, ap tobo upphed, plicable to the Payment of the said yearly<sum of forty thousand Pounds, shall at the End of any Quarter of a Year be insufficient to answer the quarterly Payment then dne out of the same according to the true Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case the Comptroller of the said Office for the time being shall and he is hereby required without Fee or Charge to make a Certificate in Writing of the Sum which shall be then wanting to complete the said quarterly Payment, and deliver the same to the said Princess, or her Order, and upon producing thereof the Commissioners of the Treasury, or high Treasurer for the time being, shall cause every such Deficiency to be satisfied out of any Overplus Moneys of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, or out of some other Moneys arising or to arise by any hereditary Branches of Revenue belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, being appointed for the Uses of the civil Government, with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged upon such Overplus Moneys or other Branches by subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament, or Grants hereafter to be passed; and if the said Rates and Duties of Excise, applicable to the Payment of the said yearly Sum of ten thousand Pounds, shall at the End of any Quarter of a Year be insufficient to answer the quarterly Payment then due out of the same according to the true Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case the Comptroller of Excise for the time being shall and he is hereby required without Fee or Charge to make a Certificate in Writing of the Sum which shall be then wanting to complete such quarterly Payment, and deliver the same to the said Princess, or her Order; and upon producing thereof the Commissioners of the Treasury, or high Treasurer for the time being, shall cause every such Deficiency to be satisfied out of any Overplus Moneys of the said Poll Office Revenues, or out of some other Moneys arising or to arise by such hereditary Branches of the Revenue appointed for Uses of the civil Government as aforesaid, with Preference to all Payments hereafter to be charged upon such Overplus Moneys or other Branches, by any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament, or Grants hereafter to be passed; thing in this Act, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Who to pay V And it is hereby enacted, That the said yearly Sums amounting to fifty thousand Pounds as afore

ntfiev'1*an" said, shall be paid and payable by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Commissioners,

Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers and Collectors for the time being of the said Revenues respectively, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance and Acquittances of the said Princess, or her Trustees, or other Royal highness's receiver-general for the time being, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be filed for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said V Annuity or yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, hall be free and clear from

all Taxes, Impositions and other niblick Charges whatsoever; and if the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers and Collectors, for the time being, of the said Duties and Revenues, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said respective yearly Sums, or any Part thereof, to the said Princess, her receiver-general or Trustees, that then the said Princess or such Trustees as aforesaid, may sue, prosecute or implead the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers and Collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors and Administrators, by

Bill, Plaint or action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers and Collectors respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for such Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuities amounting to fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers and Collectors respectively, of the said respective Duties or Revenues at the Time when Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said yearly Sum, or any Part thereof.

Tiit King's Let. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts, teeffeaum to i^'e&ions and Clauses to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures here law. after to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said yearly

Sums amounting to fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, and for making the said respective Revenues liable thereunto, shall be and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction, or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 29. 279

made in the first Year of her late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the letter Support of her Majests Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; and notwithstanding any restriction, r other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's (cigrt for establishing the Poll Office, and any mif recital, non recital, Omission, or other Defeat a the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs, Exe Persons jnte utors, Administrators and Assigns (other than the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other venues not aft hail to such Person or Persons who do or may Hand seized or possessed intrust for his Majesty. his sessed hereby, leirs and Successors) all such Right, Title, Interest and Demand whatsoever, which they or any f them have, or may have, of, in or to, or out of the Revenues aforesaid, or any Part there f, before the making of this at, as fully and cfl edtually to all Intents and Purposes, as if

fiis Ad had not been made; this Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas his Majesty hath granted to his dearly beloved Son the Prince of jvalcs the yearly Sum of fifty thousand Pounds for Support of himself and his Family, to be paid out of the Revenues appointed for defraying the Charges of the Civil Government, and supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; ' Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority toresaid, That such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted, directed or ap the 50, 1x0). jinted, or shall grant, direct o? appoint, to or for the Use and Benefit of the said Prince of of wales

ait of the Revenues aforesaid, shall be paid to his Royal Highness, or to his Use, or for his Benefit, bj hh Majesty) without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken by the Officers of the Exchequer, or any others, free of Taxes.

[or Payment thereof, and that the said yearly Sum or Sums of Money, and every Part thereof, shall be ree and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other public Charges whatsoever; any Law or Statute o the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the said Prince now (lands seized of the Duchy of Cornwall, and the Possession thereof, of an Estate of Inheritance under a special Form of Limitation differing from the ordinary Rules of Inheritance at common-law, whereupon some Questions may grow what Estates in the same the said most Excellent Prince may legally grant, and whether Leases made by his said Royal Highness of any Manors, Lands, Tithes, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of the said Duchy, or annexed to the same, will be good and effectual in Law longer than for the Life of his said Highness; 'For avoiding of which Doubt, and for the Ease and Quiet of the Minds of uch Persons as have taken, or hereafter shall take, Leases from the said Prince, and to the End such Persons may be sure to have good and indefeazible Estates, and be encouraged to lay out Moneys in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several Lands and Tenements to them demised, and to be demised; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Leases or Grants Leases of Lands made or to be made by his said Royal Highness, of any Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, ^jebtthe Tithes, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or Prince effectual annexed to the same, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Con»tents of the said Leases or Grants, against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against his said Royal Highness, and his Heirs, and against all and every Person and Persons who shall inherit or succeed to the said Duchy, according to the said Limitation or otherwise.

X Provided always, That every such Lease or Grant so made or to be made of any Manors, uc' Leases to Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements or Hereditaments in Possession, be and shall than jlives^or be made for three Lives or fewer, or for thirty one Years or under, or for some Term of Years 31 Years, &'c. determinable upon one, two, or three Lives, and not above; and if such Lease or Grant be made in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same together with the Estates in Possession do not exceed three Lives, or the Term of thirty-one Years, and be not in any wise made difpunishable of Waite, and so as upon every such Lease or Grant be or shall be referred the ancient or moult usual Rent or more, or such Rent as hath been referred, yielded or paid for such of the Premises as are or shall be contained therein, for the greater Part of twenty Years next before the making of the said Leases, and shall be referred, due and payable to such as shaft, have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy, and where no such Rent hath been reserved or payable, that then upon every such Lease there be or shall be reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentieth Part of the clear yearly Value of the Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Lease or Grant.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, Reserva Confirmation of cions, and Agreements contained in every such Lease or Grant so made or to be made as aforesaid shall [^1? be good and effectual in Law, according to the Words and Contents of the same, as well for and against them to whom the Reversion of the same Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes,

Tenements or Hereditaments shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of such Leases shall come respectively, as if his Lid Royal Highness the Prince at the ime of making such Covenants,

Conditions, Reservations, and Agreements, had been seized of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple in the same Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XII. Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs Persons Highs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (other than His said Majesty, his Heirs and af

Successors, and other than his said Royal Highness the Prince, and his Heirs, and all and every Person Mtei hereby" r and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, and enjoy the said Duchy of Cornwall by Force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Tenures,

zso C 30, 31.

Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

riures, Terms, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality soever, of, in, to or out of the said Manors, Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tithes, Tenements or Hereditaments or any of them. Parcel of or annexed to the said Duchy of Cornwall, as they or any of them had 0 ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and ampl Manner and Form, as if this Act had never been made; this Act or anything herein contained to th contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable ad Valorem, upon Foreign Oysters imported into thi: Kingdom, and for laying another Duty thereon.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

' \1(7 WHEREAS the several Duties upon Oysters imported into this Kingdom, are now payable according to the Value sworn to or affirmed by the Importers, which Method of ascertaining the Value of such Oysters by Experience has been found to be liable to great Erauds, such Importers frequently undervaluing the Oysters so imported, to the Detriment of the Public Revenue and Discouragement of the Oyster Dredgers of this Kingdom For remedying the said Abuse, as well as encouraging our own Fishery, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Former Arts the same, That all Provisions and Clauses contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as relating to the they relate to the ascertaining the Value of Oysters imported from France according to the Oaths or Af ovliers repeal' formations of the Importers, shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven id. 1 hundred and thirty seven be and are hereby repealed and made void.

Fjench O tiers And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lien of the said former Duties payrated at 7yd.eper able Valorem, and repealed by this Act, ail Oysters which shall at any Time or Times after the said

jjuflaei. twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, be imported from France into

any Port or Place within this Kingdom, shall upon the Importation thereof be rated at seven Pence per Buftiel strike Measure, according to the tvincbejhr Corn Bushel, and shall pay the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according to that Rate and Measure, and not according to the Values sworn to, or affirmed by the Importers, and in that Proportion for a greater or less Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the said Oysters are by Law subject or liable to the Payment of the further Subsidy, the one third Subsidy, the two thirds Subsidy, the additional Impostor the Duty payable upon Goods imported from France, or any of them, according to the respective Values set thereon for the said Old Subsidy, or in Proportion thereto, the same shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, be paid proportionably according to the particular Value set thereon for the Old Subsidy aforesaid, and not according to the Oath or Affirmation of the Importer; anything in the respective Acts, which granted the said Duties, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any cf on Exportation, the said Oysters so imported, within the Time allowed by Law, the dut.es paid or secured for the same

at Importation as aforesaid, shall not be drawn back or allowed to the Exporter.

V. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties upon the said Oysters, shall be paid or secured, and shall be raised, levied, and collected in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts and Allowances, as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Parliament which granted or continued the same respectively; all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained (except in such Cases where any Alteration is made by this Act) shall continue in full Force and Etfed, during the Continuance of the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, and shall be applied, practised and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering, paying, and appropriating the said respective Subsidies, Impositiuns, and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and pur jpoles, as if the said Clauses, Alatters and Tilings had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Law or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An acte for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen rowing on the River Thames, between Gravesend in the County of Kent, and Windsor in the County of Berks.

g and governing all rowing, or working County of Kent, to ivinifer

Old Subsidy, C to be paid according to tyre Kate.

No Drawback

Duties how to be levied.

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 31. 23 r

Windsor in the County of Berks, there was an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King 1j'1c'ni.'uv6'

James the First, whereby such Watermen and Wherrymen were restrained from taking any Appren a-e ofsap tices who were not of the full Age of eighteen Years, unless they were the Sons of free Watermen and p.s. entices to be Wherrymen, whom they might retain as their Apprentices at the Age of sixteen Years: And whereas, akci) v/l'

4 by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William,

the Third, for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and w. 3. C 21.

Wherrymen rowing on the of River Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said Wa Lown to Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen upon the said River between Grave send and Windsor, the o7wattim"n to said Wherrymen, Watermen and Lightermen were made one Company, and were empowered to make make Rule ivr reasonable and lawful Rules, Orders and Constitutions for their Government; and in pursuance there tll;, r Owcm 1 of an Order was made. That no Waterman shall have any more than one Apprentice at one Time, purfu'.int to nor shall be capable of taking any Apprentice, until such Master hath been a Freeman seven Years, which an Or ' nor shall take a Second Apprentice until his first be dead, or the Term expired; and that not any nriain^wawr Lighterman shall take any Apprentice, until he is the real Owner of two Lighters, nor shall have any mcn, l&c. in re'

more than one Apprentice at one Time: And whereas by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign lation to ap of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better ordering and governing the Watermen and Lighter men upon the River of Thames, the said Clause in the said Statute of the first of King James the repealing First, as also the said Order, and all and every other Order and Rule made for restraining any Water the Clause of man, Wherryman or Lighterman taking and breeding Apprentices, were repealed and made void, in, aklne void the order for the better Increase of Seamen for the Service of the Royal Navy: And whereas in confe u\d odkr; and quence of the said last recited Act such Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen are at Liberty to take allowing Wa 4 what Number of Apprentices, and at what Age they think fit, though they have not sufficient Bufi ness to employ and maintain tuch Apprentices, nor any Habitation or Place of Abode to retain and of Apprentices keep them at, and though such Apprentices are too weak for the Work or Labour required in such iheypicafed,

Occupation, whereby such Apprentices become idle and profligate, and many and great Damages inconvenienl.^'

have frequently happened and must daily happen to Goods and Passengers by the Unskilfulness of refuliing from such Apprentices, and the good Intention of the said Act inbreeding able and sufficient Seamen for this Licence.

the Royal Navy is eluded; For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty commence fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, it shall not merit of the be lawful for any Person whatsoever (although free of the said Company) that now or hereafter shall Present Act. keep, use, hire or work any wherry boat, tilt boat, Barge, or other Vessel for carrying Passengers or Goods for Hire or Gain upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor aforesaid, to bind, take, retain, employ, have or keep, to serve him or her to work or row upon the said River, any Personas an Apprentice, until such Time as such Person so to be taken shall arrive to be of the full Age bapp^t!^ of Fourteen Years at the lead, and not to exceed the Age of twenty Years, which shall be made ap der 14 Years of pear by Certificate signed by the Minister or Churchwardens for the time being of the Parish or Place Aje, nor above where such Person so to be bound was or shall be born, or by the Oath of two or more credible Wit 20 nesses, or their Affirmation in case they shall be of the People called Quakers.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Apprentice shall be bound to his Apprentices t

said Master or Mistress by Indentures of Apprenticeship as usual in the like Cases of Apprenticeship, years lube and be enrolled in the Book or Rolls of the said Company, to serve his said Master or Mistress as an lead; and to be Apprentice upon the said River for and during the Space of seven Years at the lead; upon Pain that b°n{|frebyai.n' every Master or Person acting contrary hereto shall for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof be ufua^and en fore the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the time being, or before any one or more Justice or roiled in the Justices of the Peace for the time being for the said City, or for the County, City, Town Corporate, k of tke Liberty or Place, where the Offender shall be found, or the Offence shall be committed, by the Oath of penaftjt of the one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten mailer's forfeit pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain. il, 6 Io

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Apprentice or Appren Penalty on ap tices, which shall hereafter be bound contray to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall not there prentices bound by obtain any Freedom by such Apprenticeship, or be entitled to any the Privileges and Advantages by i^e?n7ent 01° such Apprenticeship, which Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen free of the said Company are in this Act. titled to; but shall be subject and liable to pay for every Time he shall work, row, or navigate any

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, the Sum of ten

pounds Noraorethan

IV. Provided nevertheless, That no Freeman of the said Company, nor his Widow, shall at one and to hc't^ken^t

the same Time be capable to take and retain more Apprentices than two, nor shall take the Second Ap - one Time; the prentice till the first hath served as an Apprentice for the Space of four Years at the least of his said I'years'

Apprenticeship, under the Penalty of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain. wkentaeftcond

V. And, to avoid the great Inconveniences which happen by Wherrymen and such other Water is tr.ken; men and Lightermen as aforesaid daily taking Apprentices, before such Wherrymen, Watermen or j>enalt3r of

I Lightermen are Housekeepers, or have any settled Habitation for themselves and their Apprentices to No Member of lodge in, whereby pilfering and disorderly Actions are frequently committed; Be it also further enacted the Company, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Wherryman, Waterman or Lighterman, though a Freeman of the said Company, or his Widow, to take, retain or keep any Personas his or Apprentice, ri!i her Apprentice, unless such Waterman, Wherryman or Lighterman, or the Widow of such Water he has a fenim man, Wherryman or Lighterman shall be the Occupier of some house or Tenement wherein to lodge

vol. VI O o him pitrticir fii.

282 C 31. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

lodeedintheor herself and his or her Apprentice or Apprentices; and such Waterman, Wherryman or lighter same Houfo man, or his or their Widow or Widows, shall keep such Apprentice or Apprentices to lodge and lie in with his Matter the lame House or Tenement wherein he or (lie doth lodge or lie, upon Pain that every Master ormi pai^of'forfeit tres from time to time acting otherwise, and offending against this act, being thereof convicted in

ing ioi. Manner aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money

of Great Britain.

VI. And, to prevent any Person or Persons producing forged or false Certificates; Be it further enacted pnnartyd°cr 10'^le Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully produce any she Certifi 5 forged or false Certificate, and shall be thereof convicted before the Lord Mayor of the Paid City of cates. London, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City for the time being,

by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

Proprietors of

VII. Provided nevertheless, That any Waterman, Wherryman or Lighterman, being the real Owner sc. may take or propretor of twelve Lighters, Barges or flat-bottomed Boats in his own Right, may take and re a Apprentices tain to his own Use and Service two Apprentices at any one Time; and the real Owner or Proprietor of a °(fptirne' twentj Lighters, Barges or flat-bottomed Boats in his own Right, may take and retain to his own Use tors or ao may anc Service four Apprentices, and no more; provided such Owner or Proprietor of such Lighters,

take 4, and no Barges, or flat-bottomed Boats shall first take an Oath before the said Lord Mayor of the City of

Provided such London for the time being, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City Proprietors f London, the City of Westminster, or Counties of Middlesex, ej/ex, Surry, Kent, Bucks, or Berks, make Oath of (which Oath they are hereby empowered and required to administer) that he or the is bona fide the real their owning Owner or Proprietor of the Numbers of Lighters, Barges or flat-bottomed Boats as aforesaid, and Lightens, C shall produce such Oath so taken in Writing, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Lord Mayor, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Cities or Counties aforesaid, to the Rulers and Overseers of the said Company, or the major Part of them, at any of their public Courts or Assemblies.

Number of Paf VIII. And, for preventing the losing the Lives of Persons passing on the River Thames between graves engers tmite. anc[ jyindfor aforesaid; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, it shall not be lawful for any per m take on or Versons, who shall work or navigate any tilt boat, row barge, or any other Boat or Wherry, more than 37, for Hire or Gain, to receive, take into, or carry in any such tilt boat or row barge, at one and the and 3 by the same Time, any more than thirty seven Passengers, and three more Passengers only if brought on Board other eoat" more Y Way; nor to receive, take into, or carry in any other Boat or Wherry, anymore than eight than 8, and i 'Passengers, and two more only if called in by the Way; nor to receive, take into, or carry in any by the Way; feiry boat or Wherry allowed to work on Sundays, any more than eight Passengers at one and the same boatonsundavs ime; and if any Person or Persons, who shall work or navigate any such tilt boats, row barges, more than 8, J ferry boats, or other Boats or Wherries, shall receive, take into, or carry in any such tilt boats, row barges, ferry boats, or other Boats or Wherries, a greater Number of Passengers than what are limited respectively as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties before the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the time being, or one or more Justice or Justices of on pain of for the Peace for the City, County, Town Corporate, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be com feiting for the mitted, or the Offender shall be found, or on View of any such Justice or Justices, shall for the first for thefcecml1' Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and for the second Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; one 301, Moiety of such Forfeitures to go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to such Uses as the other Pe

for the third to nalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are particularly directed to be applied; and every Person or for 12 Months rerf0iis who shall offend in the Premises a third Time, shall be disfranchised for twelve Months from fncafeany working, rowing, or navigating any Boat, Wherry, Vessel or other Craft, and from enjoying any the Person shall be privileges, the Members of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen are entitled a greater Num to' and do enj°y j and m case any greater Number of Persons shall be received, taken into, or carried in ber is taken in, any such tilt boats, row barges, ferry boats, or other Boats or Wherries than are respectively allow fe Watermrn ed to be carried as aforesaid, and any Passenger or Passengers shall then be drowned, every such Person or portedvtfe Persons who shall work or navigate such tilt boats, row barges, ferry boats, or other Boats or where lons., ries offending therein, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported as Felons.

thebiutbcn of

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall row, work, other Konts na or navigate any tilt boat which shall not be of the Burden of Fifteen Tonnes, nor row, work, or navi vigated between gate any Boat or 'Wherry which shall not be of the Burden of three Tonnes, in the Long Ferry between and*0ravef nd London Bridge and Gravesend; except such Boat as shall be hired by any one Person for his own Use; ascertained. n upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to Penalty of 101. the Informer, and the other Moiety to such Uses as the other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are particularly directed to be applied.

No Gravesend ' X And whereas there have of late Years been worked and navigated in the Long Ferry between ciofedccks/or 4 London Bridge and Gravesend diverse Boats and Wherries which have been built in Imitation of Tilt nailed'*boats with dole Decks, whereby the live's of his Majesty's Subjects have been often in imminent t down, to be Danger, and many Persons have been drownedtherefore to prevent the same for the future, be it nangate; enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou seven hundred and thirty seven, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to row, work, or navigate any Boat or Wherry with a close Deck, commonly called Gravesend Wherries, or with

S'Bails

A.D. 17 37-

Anno decimo Georgii II.

C

O T

2 83

Bails nailed to the said Boats and Wherries, and which are not movable, for the carrying or recarrying tilt.boats ex f Passengers for Hire or Gain between London Bridge and Gravesend aforesaid tilt boats only except polity xo'i! CD upon Pain that every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in the Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to such Uses as the other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are particularly directed to be applied.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, s that, when and as often as any Watermen or ^g'xrfr Ti! Wherrymen rowing in or belonging to such Boat or Boats shall wilfully or negligently lose his or their from ihllingf tide or Tides, either from Billingsgate to Gravesend, or from Gravesend to Billingsgate, by putting on gate to Graver shore for the taking in of other Passenger or Passengers than whom they at first departed ard set out ^(fongirs iiif. with (except as herein is direefed) or by waiting or loitering by the Way, by Means whereof the said charged from Passengers respectively therein shall be fetor landed short by the Space of two Miles or upwards paying, of either of the said Ports or Places to which they are bound, that then and in every such Case all and every such Passenger or Passengers shall be, and is and are hereby discharged from paying for their said respective Passages or Voyages; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas many Inconveniences and Casualties have frequently happened, and do often arise and happen, to the endangering of the Lives of his Majesty's Subjects passing and repairing by cf Departure of

Water to and from London and Gravesend in tilt boats and other Boats and Wherries, which are na tilt boats, C

for Plire or Gain, for want of a due Regulation of the Time and Times of Departure of the and g^avffend.

said tilt boats and other Boats and Wherries at and from the said respective Ports and Places of London ma Gravesend, and for want of navigating the said Boats respectively with good and able Hands; ',

Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth uie Watermens Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, the Rulers and Company to Overseers of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, or the major Part of?f£omttwo them, shall from time to time appoint two or more proper Officers, who shall give their constant At tend at raifngf tendance, as well by Night as by Day, at every Time of High Water at London Bridge and the First care at High of Flood at Gravesend, that is to say, One or more of such Officers at Billingsgate, and one or more of water and at other such Officers at Gravesend, who as near as is possible at every Time and Times of High Water, twvii of at and the First of Flood aforesaid, shall publicly ring a Bell at each of the said Places respectively, to Flood; who be provided and hung up for that Purpose by the said Rulers and Overseers or the major Part of them, and to continue ringing of the same by the Space and Time of fifteen Minutes, to give Notice to the Noticetothe said respective tilt boats and other Boats and Wherries who design to pass the said Ferry between Lon tilt boats and don and Gravesend by that Tide, to put off and set forward on their said respective Ferries or Voyages, Cherries to either from London to Graveferd, or from Gravesend to London, as the Case shall be; and if after ringing pu 0'of such Bell at each of the said Places respectively by the Time and Space aforesaid any such Boat or Boats plying or waiting for Passengers, or having Passengers on board, or there being and designing to rot put off.

pass the said Ferries, or either of them, with Passengers on board, shall not immediately depart, and the effectually proceed on their several and respective Voyages, without lying by in the River, or putting bo^ftau lor" again on Shore within two Miles of the said respective Ports or Places of Billingsgate or Gravesend, as feit 51.

the Case may be, for the taking in of any Goods, Passenger or Passengers; if any such Boat or Boats shall not be provided with, and during the said whole Ferry or Voyage be navigated by, two sufficient and able-bodied Men, the younger thereof to be of the Age of eighteen Years at the least; and in every such Case, and so as often as the same shall happen, the Owner and Owners of all and every such Boat and Boats not departing, or lying by, or putting on Shore, or not being provided with, and navigated by, two able and sufficient bodied Men, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, being first convicted thereof on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Counties, Cities, Town Corporate,

Liberty, or Place where the said Offence or Offences shall be committed, or the Offender can be found, to be levied and recovered upon the said Boat or Boats, Wherry or Wherries, Sails, Tilts, and Tackle thereto belonging, and on the Goods and Chattles of all and every the Owners of such Boat or Boats,

Wherry or Wherries respectively, in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred ', J

by this Act are directed to be levied; one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures to go to the Rulers

and Overseers of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen; and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers who shall prosecute for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Overseers and rulers on "he Com pa of the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, or the major Part of them, shall reg ny of water led or setup, to cause to be setup, such Bell or Bells at the Places aforesaid (which they are hereby men, on ms authorised and empowered to do) and to appoint a proper Officer or Officers as aforesaid, to ring the, fthe chd "S same, within the Space of fourteen Days after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven Bells, amiap hundred and thirty seven, or shall neglect to appoint such proper Person or Persons from time to time Poin ins p thereafter, to ring the same; the said Rulers and Overseers Hull forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty ^vu'em '° Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall he committed, 'and the other Moiety to Inch Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same te by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his mayfly's Courts of Record at tvefi Half to the' minder, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall tv or, the 0 be allowed. 'I, er to the informer.

Penalty of 40 s. on such Persons as are appointed to ring the said Bells, for every Neglect.

Penalties incurred by this Act how to be recovered.

Power of Commitment, for want of sufficient di ilrefs.

Penalties, not otherwise directed, how to be applied.

All Prosecutions for Penalties to be commenced in a Month.

The Penalties incurred by this Act may be sued for by the Rulers and Overseers of the Company of Watermen, or any two of them.

Proviso in favour of persons navigating Boats, CC by virtue of the Act Geo. 2. c. 24.

All Suits commenced in pursuance of this Adito be prosecuted within 6 Months after the Fact, where to be tried. Defendants may plead the General Wire.

[Treble Costs.]

If a Verdict go against the Plaintiff; if he be nonsuited, &c. the Defendant to have

This Adito be deemed a pub licit Act.

C 31. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

XIV. And in case any such Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall neglect to ring such Bell or Bells at the time and times herein directed, he shall forfeit and pay for every fuct Offence the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered and applied in the same Planner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this act directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred and forfeited by virtue of this act, except such of them as are hereby otherwise directed to be levied and recovered, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City for the time being, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be found; and for want of sufficient Distress it shall be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, or for the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be found, and he and they are hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to the next common or public Workhouse or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days: And when the said Penalties and Forfeitures (except such of them as are hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied) shall be levied or recovered, the same shall be paid to the Rulers and Overseers of the said Company, or the major Part of them, for the time being; and shall be by them paid and distributed to the poor aged and decayed Freemen of the said Company, and their Widows: And all Prosecutions for the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be commenced within one Month next after the Offence shall be committed, and not afterwards.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred or forfeited by virtue of this act, shall and may be sued and prosecuted for by the Rulers and Overseers of the said Company, or any two of them for the time being.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons working or navigating any flat - bottomed Boats or Barges, who are entitled to work and navigate the same by virtue of an act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend a Clanfe in an Act passed in the second Year of his Majestfs Reign for making snore effectual several Acts relating to Watermen, [Vherrymen, and Lightermen rowing on the River Thames) so far as the same relates to ferry boats and fiat bottomed Boats, in such Manner, and to and from such Places, as in and by the said act is directed and prescribed, nor to subject them, or any of them, to any of the Penalties and Forfeitures by this act to be imposed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be com i menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything to be done in pursuance of this act, every such Suit or action shall be brought and commenced within LIX Months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be brought and tried.in the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, essex, Kent, Bucks, or Berks, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall or may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cases by Law.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are to take Notice thereof as such in all Courts and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II.

285

C

n

ozt

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for continuing An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, 01 sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop - binds, contained in an Act pated in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and for the more effectual pu nishment of Persons removing any Materials used for securing Marsh or Sea Walls, or Banks, and of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chases, or Parks; and for more effectually securing the Breed of Wildfowl.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which by Experience have been found useful ^the 'jff and beneficial, are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it cuil'b may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma9 Geo c-22' jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons aid Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, end for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, which was to continue in Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the 12geo.i.c^e. twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, was continued from the Expiration thereof for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by a Clause in another Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in 6 Ge z, C 37 tituled, An Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries, and for impowering the Justices of Session or Affixes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, to appoint a special Jury in Manner therein mentioned, and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York [except a Clause therein contained) and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punijlnng wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting hop binds, and for continuing an Act in the thirteenth and t. Ca, 2-. fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern c. 22.

Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in two other Acts made for the same Pur, _ was further continued from the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, fpnt!l? CD the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and from thence to the End of nuedvy za Geo. the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring; shall be, and is hereby further continued from 2. C 57.' the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one "vdmade ppe thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia 31 Ge" ment and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause in the said Act made in the eiaufesiir the said sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which enads, That if any Person or Persons, during Aa ?e0j 2* the Continuance of the said Act made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King. c. 37' s' George the First, shall unlawfully and maliciously break or cut down the Bank or Banks of any River,

or any Sea Banks, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged, every such Person, being,

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit fffffftlf. of Clergy; shall be and is hereby further continued, during the Continuance of the last before men 42. tioned Ad.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That another Clause in the said Act made

in the said sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which enads, That if any Person or Persons,

during the Continuance of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, shall unlawfully and maliciously cut any hop binds, growing on Poles, in any Plaintation of Hops, every such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be

guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy; shall be, and is hereby further continued, during the Continuance of the before mentioned Act, intituled, An Act for the more ef continued, feftual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Vio Mode perpau knees to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Of ty^igufz.cl fenders to justice.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Provisions made in the before prov; f, ons of mentioned Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the g Geo. 1. c. 22. more speedy and easy bringing the Offenders against the said Act to Justice, and the Persons who shall, Force, incase conceal, aid, abet, or succour such Offenders, and for making Satisfaction and Amends to all and every fainifth^xa the Person and Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained s B

8 or

'etual

286 C 32.

Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

or suffered by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act, and for the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend and secure such Offender and Offenders, and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced or prosecuted for any of the Offences committed against the said Aff, together with all Restrictions, Limitations and Mitigations by the said Act directed, shall during the Continuance of the said Act extend to and be of Force and Effect in all Cases of Offences committed by unlawfully and maliciously breaking down or cutting down the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged, or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any hop binds growing on Poles in m*«je perpetual by any Plantation of Hops, or by wilfully and maliciously (etting on Fire, or causing to be seton Fire, 31'cm. I. C. 42. any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal.

V. And whereas it frequently happens, that many idle and disorderly Persons employed in fish ing Boats, and others residing near the Seacoasts, do unlawfully and maliciously cut off, draw ' up, burn and destroy the Piles, which are drove into the Marsh, or Sea Walls and Banks, where by the Chalk and other Materials used for securing the said Walls and Banks fall away, and oftentimes take away the said Chalk and other Materials used for that Purpose, and thereby frequent Inundations happen to the Lands lying within the said Walls and Banks, to the great Loss and Damage of the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands; 'For Remedy thereof, be it therefore ufed1 for the Se' furt ler enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times cuntyoi marsh hereafter unlawfully cut off, draw up, or remove and carry away any Piles, Chalk, or other Maes, not to be terials, which are, or at any Time hereafter shall be, driven into the Ground, and used for the fe

removed, curing any Marsh, or Sea Walls or Banks, in order to prevent the Lands lying within the same from

being overflowed and damaged, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where the said Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon Complaint or Information upon Oath of such Offence (which Oath or.oaths such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) to summon the Party or Parties so complained of, or to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend and bring before him or them the Person or Persons so accused, complained of or suspeffed; and upon his, her or their Appearance, or Neglect to appear, to proceed to examine the Matter of fat with which he, he or they are charged, and upon due Proof thereof made, either by Confession of the Party or Parties so accused, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to determine the same, and to con on Forfeiture f visi the Offender or Offenders; and every Person offending herein, and being thereof conviifted as by diurefs, CVIII aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Aloiety to the Overseer of and for the Use of the Poor of the Pariflr wherein such Offence shall be committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattles, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to fot^months^"1 the Owner or Owners thereof; and for want of sufficient Distress the said Justice or Justices are 01 on a' hereby required to commit the Person or Persons conviifted as aforesaid to the House of Correction, there to remain and be kept at hard Labour for the Space of LIX Months.

Mines of coaf

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth on Fire to suffer Day of Jutie one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, and during the Continuance of the be death. tore mentioned at of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, if

any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously seton Fire, or cause to be seton Fire, any Aline, Pit, or Delph of Coal or Cannel Coal, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully con madeperpendb* shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without

*31 Geo. I. C f. Benefit cf Clergy.

VII. And whereas several wicked and disorderly Persons armed with firearms, Swords, Staves,

Flails, and other offensive Weapons, have frequently entered into several of his Majesty's Forests and Chases, and into the Chases of several of his Majesty's Subjects, and there unlawfully hunted, C taken and killed great Numbers of Deer, and also many Times violently assaulted, beat and wound ed the Keepers or Officers of such Forests, Chases, and also of Parks, to the great Damage and J" Terror of many of his Majesty's peaceable Subjects: And whereas the said Act of the ninth Year 5 Geo. 1. c. 22. ' of his said late Majesty hereby intended to be continued, intituled An act for the more effectual pmifiing wirted and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to

the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to justice, does not extend to the unlawful couriing, hunting, taking in Toils, killing, wounding or taking away any Red or Fallow Deer fed or kept in open Forests or Chases where Deer are usually kept, but only to such as are enclosed with Pales, Rails or other Fences; and such Offences

in uninclosed Places are only punfthable by the Statute made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more i effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer Stealers, and which infliifts only a pecuniary Penalty for

lb doing, whereby such wicked and disorderly Persons are the more emboldened to commit such Offences therein, and it is become necessary to make some further Provision for the Prevention

Persons convict thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who Timeotliuntinr hereafter be convicted of unlawfully coursing, hunting, taking in Toils, killing, wounding or and t akin? a way taking away any Red or Fallow Deer in any open or, uninclosed Forest or Chase where Deer are ot Deer out or usually kept, shall during the Continuance of the said Atft of the ninth Year of his late Majesty, cliafes be £u*ity of a second Offence of the like Nature, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted upon Into be tranipvrt' diffluent or Information, such Person or Persons shall by Judgement of the Court wherein he or td., " they

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 33. 287

they shall be so convicted, be transported to one of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Offenders may be transported by the Laws now in Force; and if such Person or Persons shall return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland within the said seven Years, every such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Dcatli as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VIII. And to the Intent that such Conviction may be with as little Trouble and Expense as pof ?uch 0?cnl<!?ri fible, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Offender or Offenders shall and how 10 e, n may be tried for every such second Offence as aforesaid before the Justices of Assize, Oyer Terminer, or gaol delivery, of and for that County, City or Place where such second Offence shall be

so done and committed; and that the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders was or were convicted of such first and former Offence, shall certify a true Copy of such Conviction under his or their Hands and Seals to the Quarter sessions of the County, wherein such Offence was committed, to be held next after such Conviction had, there to be kept amongst the Records of such Quarter sessions; and the Clerk of the Peace of such County shall at the Recjueft of the Prosecutor or any other in his Majesty's Behalf certify a Transcript under his Hand and Seal, briefly and in few Words containing the Effect and Tenor of the first and former Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, which Certificate being produced in Court shall be a sufficient Proof that such Offender or Offenders hath or have been before convicted of and for such first and former Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons armed Persons armed

as aforesaid shall, at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and £.om'"s nt 3 thirty seven, and during the Continuance of the said last mentioned Act of the ninth Year of his f^tentioif to" late Majesty, come into any Forest, Chase or Park, wherein Deer are usually kept (be the same in stealidecr, and closed or not inclosedj with an Intent to course, hunt, take in Toils, kill, wound or take array any b«'ng and Red or Fallow Deer, and shall there unlawfully beat or wound any Keeper or Keepers, Page Keepers", Sto'be or Pages of any such Forest, Chase or Park, where Deer are usually kept, their Servants or Assist transported.

ants, in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, and be thereof lawfully convicted;

such Person or Persons shall be transported to one of his Majesty's Plantations in America for the

Space of seven Years, in like Manner as other Offenders may be transported by the Laws now in

Force; and if such Person or Persons shall return into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland within the said seven Years, every such Person and Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall Made perpetually

suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 3io«.a. <.4*.

X. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Act9 Anna,

Majesty Queen Anne, _intituled, An Act for making an Act of the fifth Year of her Majestyh Reign, C 2s ' for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more effectual, it is enacted, That if any Person, between the first Day of July and first Day of September in any Year,

shall by Hays, Tunnels or other Nets, drive and take any Wild Duck, Teal, Widgeon, or any other Water Fowl, in any Places of Resort for Wildfowl, in the Moulting Season, the Offender being convicted thereof before one Justice of the Peace where the Offence shall be committed,

and by the Oath of one credible Witness, shall forfeit five Shillings for every such Fowl so taken,

one Moiety to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence was done, to

be levied by a Warrant of the Justice of the Peace before whom the Offender was convicted, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, and for want of Distress to be committed to the House of Cor

for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour; and the Justice of the Peace shall cause such Hays and Nets to be feiz ed and immediately destroyed in his Presence: And whereas the said Act hath been found by Ex ' perience to be ineffectual, by reason that the Wildfowl begin to moult before the First of July,

and have not done moulting by the first of September, so that great Numbers of Wildfowl are yearly destroyed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said adtherefore for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, in any Year be penalty on ta tween the first Day of June and the first Day of October, by Hays, Tunnels or other Nets, drive and w!ld take any Wild Duck, 'Peal, Widgeon, or any other Water Fowl, in any Marshes, Fens, or other mcukivgsea places of Resort for Wildfowl, and shall be thereof convicted in such Manner as in the said Act of the tonne.

ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne is prescribed, he shall be liable to the same Penalties to be levied in like Manner, as by virtue of the said Act he would be liable to, if such Offence was committed fartltrvn v\fi.e.s between the first Day of July and the first Day of September, and for want of Distress be committed to the nutw.g kerne, House of Correction, and there punished as by the said Act is directed.0 j,

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for making navigable the River Rodon, from a little below a Mill called Barking Mill in the County of Essex, to Illford Bridge in the said County.

PR.

WHEREAS the River Rodon, running from Great Illford in the County of Essex to Barking in the same County, was till lately wholly unpassable for any Boats, Lighters or other Vel ' fels, fit to carry any Goods or Merchandizes from Great Illford to Barking aforesaid: where as by one Indenture, bearing Date on or about the twenty iecond Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and made or mentioned to be made between several of the Land Owners on each Side of the said River Rodon and the Owners or Lessees of the Mill thereupon at Barking

288 C 34. Anno decimo Georgii II. A.D. 1737.

aforesaid of the one Part, and Joseph Goodman of the Precinct of Saint Catharine's near the Tower, in the County of Middlesex Esquire, of the other Part, reciting amongst other Filings, that the clearing and effecting a paitage for flat-bottomed Boats, Barges, and other small Boats and Vessels upon the said River, from Barking aforesaid to Great Ilford aforesaid, would be very beneficial to Great Bford aforesaid, and to such Part of the said County of Essex as was near or adjacent thereunto, and would be very convenient for the Carriage of Corn, Coals and other Goods and Merchandizes to and from Great Illford aforesaid and Parts adjacent, and to and from London and other Parts, as likewise for the Carriage of Chalk and other Manure for improving the Lands in and near Great Illford aforesaid, and the said Parts adjacent thereunto; and reciting further that the said 'Joseph Goodman did propose at his own proper Costs and Charges to make the said River navigable from Barking aforesaid to Great Illford aforesaid; it is witnessed by the said Indenture, that the said several Land Owners, according to their respective Estates and Interests, did covenant with the said Joseph Goodman, that they would from time to time and at all Times from thenceforth permit him the said Joseph Goodman, his Heirs, and Assigns, with Workmen and others necessary for that Purpose, to come upon their Lands and Hereditaments respectively, for the clearing and cleansing the said River, in order to make the same navigable, and for removing any Impediments that might be in the said River to hinder the Naviga tion thereof; and such of the said Land Owners as had an Inheritance in fee simple in their said Lands and Hereditaments did thereby further give and grant unto the said Joseph Goodman full Power and Authority to dig down or cut away any Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments belonging to them, not exceeding thirty Feet in Breadth at any one Place, in Order to enlarge the said River for the more easy making the same navigable: And he the said Joseph Goodman did thereby covenant and agree with the said Land Owmers, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, from time to time to make Satisfaction to the said Land Owners, their Heirs, Executors, Administra tors and Assigns respectively, for all Damages which Should accrue to them or their said Lands and Hereditaments, by reason of such coming upon, or such digging down or cutting a way. the same as aforesaid, to be ascertained in Manner therein mentioned, or in Default thereof to be recovered by Action; And whereas the said Joseph Goodman did soon after the making of the said Indenture begin to make the said River navigable from Barking to Great Ilford aforesaid, for flat bottom Boats, Barges and other small Boats and Vessels, as herein before mentioned, and hath since made so considerable a Progress therein, that the same is almost completed, and is willing at the sole Charge and Expense of him the said Joseph Goodman, his Heirs and Assigns, fully to finiffi and perfect the same as soon as may be: And whereas several Estates and Interests in all or the greatest Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments lying within or on each Side of the said River are limited to Persons not in being, or to Infants or same coverts, or are under some Entail or Settlement, by reason whereof such Persons will not be bound by the Covenants in the said Indenture: And whereas the said Joseph Goodman, and the said several other Parties to the said Indenture who had executed the same, being fully sensible thereof, have agreed that the said Indenture should be of no Force or Effect, from and after the passing of an Act of Parliament relating to the Premises, except only as to such Acts, Matters and Things as have been done before the making thereof: And whereas the Liberty of coming upon the said Lands and Hereditaments for removing any Impediments or Obstructions in the said River, in order to make the Navigation thereof safe and easy, will be precarious, and cannot be secured to the said Joseph Goodman, his Heirs and Assigns, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And whereas the making Rivers navigable is a Means to advance Trade, increase Watermen, and is for the Good and Advantage of the Public in general, besides the particular Benefit which will thereby accrue to the Towns or other Parts adjacent or near to such Rivers Be it therefore enacted, &c.

Joseph Goodman empowered to make the said River navigable, making Satisfaction for Damages. Commissioner appointed for adjusting Rates and Damages. On nonappearance of the Parties, the Commissioners may proceed to inquire of the Damage. If the Water be raised above its usual 4' Height, Satisfaction is to be made for Damage of adjacent Lands. Rates for Conveyance of Goods: 44 For every Chaldron of Coals, London Measure, is. For every Hundred of Deals z s. For every

Load of Timber, fifty Feet to the Load, 2 s. For every ten Packs of Wool, ten Tod to the Pack, is.

For every Load of Wheat or Barley, five Quarters to the Load, 1 s. For every Load of Oats, gd.

For every Load of Beans and Peas, is. for every Load of Malt, is. For every Tonne of other Goods, 1 j. 6d. Proprietors of the Mill may carry Materials for its Repair, and their Corn, toll free. "Matters of Boats, dsy. responsible for Damages. Persons having Estates adjacent to the River, may keep pleasure boats. Privileges of Filling and Fowling not taken away."

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to disable Alexander Wilson, Esquire, from taking, holding or enjoying any Office or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imposing a Fine upon the Corporation of the said City.

EXP.

WHEREAS upon Tuesday the seventh Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thou 4 y V land seven hundred and thirty-six, there was a most seditious and outrageous Riot in the City of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notoriously concerted and carried on by great Numbers of wicked, disorderly and bloodthirsty Persons, who did with open Force and Violence seize the Arms of the City Guard, possess themselves of the City Gates, and by letting fire to and

A.D. 1737. Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 35-37.

breaking open the Door of the Talbooth of the said City did unlawfully and audaciously rescue and set at large several Criminals therein confined:

+And whereas Captain John Porteous, then a Prisoner there under Sentence of Death, but graciously reprieved by the queen's most Excellent Majesty, as guardian of the Realm, was by the said Rioters in a cruel Manner dragged from the said Prison, and most barbarously hanged by the Neck and murdered, in manifest Violation of the public Peace, in Defiance and Subversion of legal Government, in high Contempt of our Sovereign Lord the King and his Laws, and to the most presumptuous and unparallelled Obstruction of the Royal Mercy: And whereas for sometime before the committing of the said Murder and Riot it was commonly reported in the said City of Edinburgh, that some such atrocious

Fa (ft would be attempted, which by proper Care in the Magistrates, Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City might have been prevented;

notwithstanding which, Alexander ivilfon Esquire, then and now Provost of the said City, and then actually resident in the said City, and fully apprized of the said wicked Design, did not take any Pre cautions to prevent the said Murder and Riot, nor use the proper or necessary Means to suppress tlje same, or to preserve the Peace of the said City, or after the Perpetration of the Lid, to discover,

apprehend or secure the Authors, Actors or Abettors thereof, in manifest Violation of the Trust and Duty of his Office of chief Magistrate of the said City: Nor were any Means or Endeavours used by the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City to prevent or suppress the said notorious Riot, or to hinder the said inhuman and barbarous Murder, or to discover the Persons concerned therein, in order to bring them to Justice Now in order to exnrefs the highest Detestation and Abhorrence of the said Murder and Riot, and to the End that the said enormous Misbehaviours and Negleds of Duty herein before mentioned may not go unpunished, and that other Persons may not presume through Hopes of Impunity to be guilty of the like for the future; Be it enacted, tefc.

The Provost disabled from holding any Office of Magistracy. A new Provost to be chosen. Fine on the Corporation."

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Porteous, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders.

EXP.

WHEREAS upon Tuesday the seventh Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, great Numbers of wicked, desperate and bloodthirsty Persons of most detestable Principles unlawfully assembled within the City of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', with open Force and Violence seized the Arms of the City Guard, possessed them selves of the City Gates, broke open the Door of the Talbooth of the said City, and laid violent Hands upon Captain John Porteous then a Prisoner there under Sentence of Death, but graciously reprieved by the queen's most Excellent Majesty as Guardian of the Realm, and having in a cruel Manner dragged hint from the said Prison, hanged him by the Neck, and barbarously murdered him, in manifest Viola tion of the Public Peace, in Defiance and Subversion of legal Government, in high Contempt of our Sovereign Lord the King and his Laws, and to the most presumptuous and unparelfelled Obstruction of the Royal Mercy: And whereas many of the wicked "and desperate Persons acting, aiding and assisting in committing the said Outrages, Riot and barbarous Murder, have absconded and fled to avoid their being brought to Justice: whereas upon Discoveries already made, criminal Letters under the Seal of the Court of Justiciary in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have been raised and executed against several of the said Persons; and, upon further Discovery, the like Process may be issued out of the said Court against others who have Likewise withdrawn themselves Be it therefore enacted, tsy.

"Fugitives not surrendering themselves, to suffer Death. Upon their Surrender to be committed. Per "concealing them to suffer Death. This Act to be read every first Sunday in the Month for one "Year."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the Highways from the Atones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton (through jvanjlead) to the End of the Parish of Woodford next to the Parish of Chigivell, in the said County of ejj'ex.

PR.

; The Tolls are farther continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to prevent the Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled 011 or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the lait Will of Richard Norton Esquire, of Southwick, deceased, against any Claim, Title or Demand which Thomas Norton Esquire, hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands in the County of Southampton, settled by Indenture of the fifth of March one thousand six hundred and fifty seven, or the.rents and Profits thereof.

PR.

Vol. VI Pp

Anno

290 C 1 -- 7.

A.D. 1738.

Vttejinto quarto Januar. Anno Regni, C undecimo. Chntinuat. ufauc ad et in Jovis deeimum csiav. Januar anno Regniy C

duodecimo.

In Recordo,

Anno undecimo GEORGg11 II

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the fourteenth Day of January, Anno Dorn. one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, 1 in the eighth Year of the Reign of our sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twenty-fourth Day of January 1737, being the Fourth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. L

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Trent Bridge in the County of the Town of 'Nottingham, through Cojtock, otherwise Cortlingjiock Lane, to the Bridges commonly known by the Name of Coats Bridges, in the County of Leicester.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 10 May 1728, for 21 Years.

CAP. IV.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped or sold within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof.

PR.

The Duty is granted from 1 May 1738, for 25 Years, sv.

CAP. V.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the Parish of All Saints in the City of Worcester.

PR.

CAP. VI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one of the third, and the other of the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the Highways from that. Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the county of mid. dlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Stains, and to Cranford Bridge in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrooke.

PR.

The Tolls are farther continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. VII.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Acts passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent; and for relioring the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness.

PR.

Preamble, re

hereas an Act of Parliament passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ogeo'i^ao ' George, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Don ex, in the County of 9.' 30. C £ent. an j-or rejfcrj, lg fharbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, reciting, That 21 & 12w.3. C an Act was made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William C 5' ' the Third, for the Repair of the said Harbour of Dover; and that a Duty of threepence per Tonne was

thereby laid upon all i'uch Ships and Vessels as are in the said last mentioned Act described, for rai sing a Sum of Money therein mentioned; which said Duty was to commence from the first Day of £ May, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, and to have Continuance till the first Day of May, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine;

3 Annie, C 7. 1 and also reciting, That the said last mentioned Act was, by another Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, continued from the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and nine, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighteen and

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 7. 291

likewise reciting, That the said two last mentioned Acts were by another Act made in the fourth Year fcw*1*6,

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, further continued from the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and it wasj by the said Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said f late Majesty King George, further recited, That it was found, the said Sum intended to be raised [' by the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of his said late Majesty King William the Third, f was not sufficient for the Purposes of the said former Acts (several Breaches and unforeseen Accidents r having happened by Storms and the Rage of the Sea, and extraordinary Works having been found necessary to be done for securing the said Harbour of Dover) and that unless a further Sum was raised the said Harbour could not be effectually repaired and secured according to the Intent of the said former Acts, but that the nfeful Works then begun and carried on for the Benefit of the Publick, would be wholly lost, and the said Harbour again fall to decay, and the Town itself be in Dan ' ger of being utterly lost and destroyed; it was also recited by the said Act made in the ninth Year of his laid late Majesty King George, That the ancient Harbour of Rye was formerly of great

Use and Benefit to Trade and Navigation, but the same was then choked up and ahnoft ruined by the shifting of the Beach without, and settling of the Sullage within, and by slopping the Flux of the Tide, so that for preventing the utter Loss of the said Harbour of Rye it was necessary to open the same, and to let the Tide have free Course through certain Places in the said last Ad mentioned near to the said Harbour, or into such other Cut or Channel as should be found most proper and f expedient to restore the said Harbour; wherefore, and to the End the Works at Dover Harbour might be completed and finished, and the same Harbour be effectually repaired and secured, and that the said Harbour of Rye might be repaired and rertored to its ancient Goodness, and secured for the Benefit of Trade and Navigation, it was by the said last mentioned Act enacted, That the said Acts respectively made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for the Repair of Dover Harbour) and every Clause, Matter or Thing in them or either of them contained, and not altered by'

the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George, should con

and be in full Force and Virtue till the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, for the Purposes in the said former Acts, and the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late Majesty King George, mentioned; and that the said Duty of three Pence per Tun granted by the said first recited Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, upon all Ships and Vessels therein described, should by virtue of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, from the said first Day of May one thousand sevenhun dred and twenty-three, be collected and received in such Manner, and by such Officers and Persons respectively, as in and by the said recited Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, was directed and appointed; which said Duty of three Pence per Tun was by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late Majesty King George, directed to be appropriated, divided and paid for the Benefit of the said Harbours of Dover and Rye respective ' ly, in Manner following; that is to say, one third thereof should be paid to the Treasurer for Dover Harbour for the time being, to be applied to such Uses and Purposes, as in and by the said former Acts are directed; the other two thirds should be paid to such Person as should be appointed

Treasurer for the said Harbour of Rye; And whereas by another Act passed in the tenth Year of10 Ge, ' C

the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, for making more effectual the said Act made in the ninth Year of his Reign, for completing the Repairs of the said Harbour of Dover, and for rest Storing the said Harbour of Rye to its ancient Goodness, far as the same related to the Harbour of

Rye, it/was recited. That it was found, that the said Harbour of Rye might be made more useful and

I' commodious, by opening and making a new Cut or Channel from the Winchelsea Channel, right out 1 to the Sea, than if the Method proposed by the said recited Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, should be pursued: it being doubted whether the Powers given by the said last pientioned Ad did extend to the making any new Cut or Channel elsewhere in the Places described in the said Act; therefore to explain and amend the said last mentioned Act, it is enacted, That the Commissioners and the Trustees for repairing and restoring to its ancient Goodness the said Harbour of Rye, and their Successors, or any eleven or more of them, shall and may ered, or order and cause to be done from time to time, all Matters and 'Filings which they shall find or judge necessary for opening or making any new Cut or Channel from jp inchelsea Water to the Sea j 4 and for doing all other Works necessary for effecting the Purposes of the said Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George: And whereas very large Sums of Money have been laid out and expended in carrying on the Repairs of both the said Harbours, and great Pro gress hath been made in such Repairs, but the lame cannot be finished and completed, unless the Term and Powers granted and given in and by the said former Acts be further continued and en larged To the end therefore that so useful and beneficial Works for the Service of Trade and Navigation may be effectually carried on and performed, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, ct.

The Ad of 9 Geo. t. C 30. continued for 21 Years. The Duties to discharge Debts contracted by tlfis Farther talargrj "and the fanner Acts. Duties assignable for Money borrowed.' ly sigea.i. c.i.

292

C 8-10

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 173s

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing the terms and powers granted and given by the acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William, and the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For recovering, securing and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehead, in the county of Somerset.

P R.

Preamble, re

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reigi citing the at ' y, of heels late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing am C 13 ' 3' ' keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade oj

this Kingdom; certain Duties (over and besides the ancient and customary Duties and Acknowledge

ments before the pasting the said Act accustomed to be paid to Tregonvuell Lutterell, Esquire, and his Ancestors) were by the said recited Act laid upon such Goods, Merchandizes and Shipping, as are therein particularly mentioned; which Duties were granted to commence from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and '.one, and to have Continuance for the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for building out a new Head, clearing the Beach, and other Works for the securing, preserving, amending and maintaining the Pier and Harbour of Minehead: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, a new Head hath been built by the Order of the Trustees

+to put the said Act in Execution; but the said whole Duties not being sufficient to defray the Charge of completing and finishing the said Pier, exclusive of the yearly Expense of repairing what had been done, by reason of the great Rage and constant flowing of the Sea on the same, all

the said Rates, Duties and Sums of Money by the said Act laid and granted, were, by another Act loanns, C 24. ' made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for prolonging the Term for

Payment of the said Duties granted by the said recited Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third) further continued, charged upon and made payable for an additional Term of sixteen Years, to commence from and after the Expiration of the said

of twenty-one Years so granted and given as aforesaid: whereas the Money collected by the Duties granted and continued hath been duly laid out for the several Purposes in the said re

Acts mentioned, but the same hath proved deficient to defray the Expenses thereof; and it being necessary to keep the Mouth of the said Harbour clear from the Beach or great Quantities £ of Stones that are continually forced into it by the Violence of the Sea, whereby the same is frequently choked up, and to carry on other Works in order to secure the said Harbour, and to keep the same in Repair for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, which cannot be done unless the Terms and Powers granted and given by the said former Acts (which will expire on the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight) be further continued and enlarged To the "End therefore that the said Works may be completed and finished, and the Mouth of the said Harbour kept clear of the Beach, and the said Pier be effcdhially repaired and secured for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, (etc.

"The former Acts continued for 40 Years. If the Harbour be not kept in Repair, the Duties to "cease" "

CAP. IX

An Act for the Relief of such Prisoners for Debt as have by unavoidable Accidents lost the Benefit of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Indemnity of such Sheriffs and Gaolers as have incurred any Penalties on Account of such Prisoners not being discharged; and for extending the Benefit of the said Act to Creditors, whose Debtors were committed to Prison since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and were detained there upon the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and have chose to continue there.

Sheriffs, iac. to make a List of Prisoners, and deliver it to the Sessions, C Prisoners entitled to a Discharge by the late Debtors Act, to be released by the justices after 24 June 1738. Sheriffs, dsv. Trespassers against the former Act indemnified, if they conform to this Act.

EXP.

CAP. X

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, For repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to cory's Mill, and f rom Welwyn, through co djeot, to Hitchen in the said County j and also for repairing the Roads from Cory's Mill to Hitchen aforesaid.

PR.

The Tolls granted by 12 Geo. 1. c. 10. are farther continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

C 11 -- 15. 293

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II.

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, devlfees and Lessees.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An act for continuing of an act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laflage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

WHEREAS an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, Preamble, re an Act for the better Regulation of Lajiage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to be in Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hushed and thirty-three, for and during the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring: And whereas the said Act has been found to be a very useful Law, and to tend greatly to the Preservation of the said River Thames, and thereby to promote and encourage the Trade of this Kingdom j' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Ail, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Clauses and Provisions therein contained shall be and continue, and the same is and are hereby continued in Force, Continuation from and after the Expiration of the Term in the said Act limited as aforesaid, for and during the i'parther comi further term of seven Years thence next ensuing, and to the End of the then next Session of Parha nued by 18 Geo. ment and no longer. 2. C 21.'

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, by certain funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such further Sums of Money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional burial Grounds and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight. EXP. zs. in the Pound.

CAP. XV.

An Act to empower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to let the Priee upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcastle and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for the Space of one Year 5 and to oblige, for the Term therein mentioned, Sitters and others vending and loading Ships with Sea coals at Nnvcajile and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such Coals to any Mailers of Ships applying for the same; and for further obliging.

Buyers and Sellers of Sea coals at Billingsgate or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, to sign their Contrails for Coals; and for the Admeasurement of all Carriages whatsoever used in loading Ships with Coals in the Port of newca/ile and Members thereunto belonging. "Lord Mayor and Al "to set the Price upon all Sea coals imported into the Port of London, for one Year; who have "Power to call before them all Persons, and examine them as Witnesses, &c. Persons selling Coals at "a higher Price to forfeit 36 s. for every Chaldron. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sei "fions, &c. Sitters, cof Sea coals at Ntivcajiie, C refusing to deliver to Master of Ship, a Load "of Coals, upon his offering Money, C for them, to forfeit 500l. until t May 1739. "

EXP.

VI. AND whereas by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 3 Geos. c. 26.

f\for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, it was enacted, That from and after tyre twenty

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, all Bargains or Contracts for Coals between Buyer and Seller at the Market of Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, shall by the Crimp or Factor who has the Dispofa! of such Coals, be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, in the Pocket or other Book of such Crimp or Factor, subscribed by the Seller and the Buyer,

and witnessed by the said Crimp or Factor; notwithstanding such Ad, many of the Buyers and Sellers of Coais have neglected or refused to sign such Contracts in Manner aforesaid; Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hun royey ancj sr dred and thirty-eight, if any Buyer or Seller of Coals at Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale within the nimngrgafe to Bills of Mortality, being thereunto required, shall refuse or neglect to sign the Contracts in such Manner sign all con as by the said recited Act is directed, that then and in such Case every such Buyer and Seller re "th'f'm spectively lb refusing or neglecting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, one under Penalty Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons of 50l. as shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster within the Space of six Months after such Offence committed,

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

Commissioners appointed by Act of 6 & 7 W. 3. may ad aiu

Mailer of Ship

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of hispowner a June, every Maher of a Ship carrying Coals "as aforesaid shall after every respective Voyage made by Copy of such him produce to his Owner or owners.(when required) a Copy of such Contract or Contracts ligned by Contract signed the Crimp or Factor, in whose Book the said Contract is or shall be entered as aforesaid; in case of Faflor, under Refijfel such Master so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and dif renalty of 50l. posed of as aforesaid.

6 icyw, 3. c.jo. '

VIII. And whereas by an Act made and "passed in the sixth and seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Willi a in the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasuremmt of Keel sand Keel Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belongings it was enabled. That Commissioners should from time to time be appointed by his. then Majesty, his Heirs and succdtors, for the ad measuring and marking all and any the Keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other Boats, and Wains, and Carts used: any Time thereafter so be used for the Carriage of Coals in the Port of Niivcastle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the River Wear, Cullercoats, Seaton Sluice, Blithe Nook, and all other Places within the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the Members,

Havens, Rivers, Creeks, and Places, whatsoever, to the said Port of Newcastle, and Counties aforesaid belonging, which said Admeasurement should be by a dead Weight of Lead or Iron or other wise, as should seem meet to the said Commissioners, or any three of them, allowing fifty-three hundred Weight to every Chaldron of Coals; and which said Keels, Boats, Wains, or Carts were there by directed to be aumeasured or marked at the Times and Places, and in Manner therein mentioned:

And whereas since the making the said recited Act diverse Persons concerned in the Coal Trade have < 4 used and employed Wagons, Barrows, and other Carriages, not mentioned, specified or com

prized within the Directions of the said aist, whereby diverse i'rauds, Deceits, and Abuses have arisen, to the great Prejudice and Damage of the Buyers and Sellers of Coals, and the Diminution of his Majesty's Customs Wherefore for preventing such Frauds and Abuses for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after, the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said. former al, or any three or more of them, to ad measure, mark, measure, weigh, and mark, or cause to be admeasured, weighed, and marked, all Wagons, Barrows, gons^&c. used and all other Carriages whatsoever, used, or hereafter to be used and employed in loading Ships with in loading Ships Coals in the Port of Newcastle, and Members thereunto belonging; and that such Admeasurement, Weighing, and Marking shall be made and taken by such P, ules and Methods, and at such Places, as in and by the said former Act is directed and appointed concerning the Wains and Carts thereby directed and appointed to be admeasured.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this at shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, farther C "h ju^ces and other Persons whatsoever, without the say being specially pleaded or set forth.

13 Geo. J. 21. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. ^o Geo. 2. C 19. 31 Geo. 2. f. 15. 32 Geo. 1.

CAP. XVI.

An act for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling on each Pint of Ale and Beer' that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Invernes and Privileges thereof,

'for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

The Duty is furthef continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for securing the Estates of Papists conforming to the Protestant Religion, agarnft the Disabilities created by several Aids of Parliament relating to Papists; and for ren dring more effectual the several Acts of Parliament made for vesting in the two uni veriities in that Part of Great Britain called England the presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists" "

Peffons profefting or educated in the Popish Religion, are by diverse Acts of Parliament subjected to several Disabilities and Incapacities, which may affect Persons conforming '. from the Popish tp. the Protestant Religion: And whereas many Persons have already conformed to the Protestant Religion, and are willing to submit to his Majesty's Government in as full an ample Manner as any other of his Majesty's subjects, and others are likely so to do Be it therefore enacted by the king's: most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled - by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons being reputed Owner or Owners or in possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, who having been, or reputed to"bca Papist or Papists, or educated in the Popish Religion, hath or have conformed to; or hereafter shall conform to and profess, the Protestant Religion, and hath or have taken, or shall take the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, and also subscribed, or shall subscribe, the Declarations set down and expressed in an Act of Parliament made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in cither

subscrib.d in the courts of Chancery or

king's

with Coals.

Public ah

27. 33 gfo. z.

3 Cor, 1. e. -50 Car. 2. ft. 2.. 1 IV & m.ji. 1. r. 9, I 17.

C 26.

izwr. 3.

r. 4.

32 ann.jl. 2. f 14* '

3 Geo. i.ji. 2. 55-

3 Geo. I. C. 16. §Geo. 3. C 18 & 24.

10 Geo. 1. c. 4.

Owners of any. Estate being Papists, on conforming, C

.'* V vy, nf iin t jet y n A (1//4 LI + V w t

House of Parliament, to be by him, her, or them repeated and

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II.

C 17. 295

king's Bench, or Quarter sessions of the County where fudr Person or Persons shall reside (all which ail pro shall be recorded in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or such Quarter sessions as n^und/'them aforesaid) and all and every Person and Persons being Protestants, claiming under such Person or Per to^cffersfudi' fons coinforming and performing the Requisites as aforesaid, for their own Benefit, or for the Benefit of freed of any other Protestant or Protestants, and not for the Benefit of any Papist or Papists, shall hold, possess, ncurrcd*b*t <; & and enjoy all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, freed and discharged such owners, of and from the Disabilities and Incapacities in the said acts, or any of them, contained, incurred, or unl<js, the supposed to be incurred by such Person or Persons so reputed Owner or Owners, or in Poffdfion or foulre Advan* Receipt of the Rents and Profits as aforesaid, or by any other person or Persons, by, from, or through tage of such whom the Title to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest disabihty shall; therein, was or shall be derived, or supposed to be derived, for such Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, j^dgmem in as he, she, or they had, or would have had, if no such Disability or Incapacity had been incurred; some Afiion to unless the Person or Persons entitled to take Advantage of such Disability, Incapacity, or Defect of Tyre commenced tie, hath or have actually and bona fide recovered, or shall hereafter lecover, such Manors, Messuages, m0nufs1cbc"_ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by judgement or Decree, in some Action or Suit already com fore such Commenced, or hereafter to be commenced, six Calendar Months at lead before the making of such Record, forming and to be prosecuted with due Diligence.

II. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not take away or Not to preju prejudice the Right of any Person or Persons entitled to take Advantage of such Disability or Inca

E, who now is or are in the actual Possession of, or shall have, precedent to the making of such who foaivhave d, been in quiet Possession of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredila been in possei' t ments, by the Space of two Calendar Months. fion Calendar

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person persons return or Persons so conforming as aforesaid, shall, after such Conformity, return to, or again profess, the ing to the Po popish Religion, every such Person and Persons shall for ever afterwards be disabled from, and be in^an

capable of, having or enjoying any Benefit, Privilege, or Advantage of this at, and shall from thence Benefit byethi"y forth lie liable to the same Disabilities, Incapacities and Forfeitures, as if he, she or they had not taken Act. the said Oaths, and subscribed the Declaration as aforesaid thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or prejudice tyre This Act not Right of any Person entitled to any Remainder or Reversion in any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, hifiu^any*6 Tenements, or Hereditaments, in case such Person shall puri ue his or her said Right by some Action or )>erson°intitled Suit to be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after the precedent Estate or toanyrever estates, on which such Remainder or Reversion depends and is expectant, shall be determined; or with withirfr^ca "1 in twelve Calendar Months, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven lcndarmonths, hundred and thirty-eight, if such precedent Estate or Estates be already determined by the Death or C

Deaths of any Person or Persons, whose Deaths have been concealed from, or not known to, the Person entitled to such Remainder or Reversion, by reason of their having been buried beyond the Seas, or in a private and clandestine Manner at Home, and shall prosecute such Action or Suit with due Diligence.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for rendering nanns, it.

more effectual an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King James the First, entitled, Anc'1*'

Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Rerufiants, and also one. other Act made in and 1 w. M. ' the fivfl; Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vefi in the two n ' Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; it was enacted, That every Papist or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion, and every Child, not being a Protestant, under the Age of one and twenty Years, of every such Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, ard every Mortgagee, Trustee, or Person any ways intruded directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately,

4 by or for any such Papist or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion, or such Child as aforesaid, whether such trust be declared by Writing or not, should be disabled and made incapable to present, collate, or nominate to any Benefice, Prebend, or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital, or Donative, or to grant any Avoidance of any Benefice, Prebend, or Ecclesiastical Living, and that every such Presentation, Collation, Nomination and Grant, and every Admission, Institution, and Indudlion to be made thereupon, should be utterly void and of no Eftedl to all Intents, Constructions,

and Purposes whatsoever; and that in every such Case the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, should respectively have the Presentation, Nomination, Collation and Donation of and, to every such Benefice, Prebend or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital, and Donative, set, lying and being in the respective Counties

Cities, and other Places and Limits in the said Act of the third, Year, of King James mentioned, as in and by the saki Act is directed appointed in the Case ..of a Popish Recusant Convidl: And whereas for the better Discovery of all fec, et Trulls and fraudulent Conveyances made by Papists or

Pefons making Profession of the Popish Religion, of their Ad vow Ions and Right of Presentation,

Nomination, and Donation to any Benefices or Ecclesiastical Livings, Teveral Provisions were made by the said'a.61 of the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, which have been, fraudulently evaded by Persons obtaining from such Papists, without a lull and valuable Conuderation, Grants of such Ad 4 vowfons and Right of Presentation, -, and Donation, upon. Confidence only, that such Grantees will, at the Request of fuolr Papists, present to such Benefices or Ecclesiastical Livings,

Clerks nominated by such papists who have been presented accordingly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, and to the great Hurt of the Protestant Interest of this kingdombe

4 it

ogb C 18, 19. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

Every Grant it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Grant to be made from and after the sixth may'm^of May one thoiifaiid seven hundred and thirty-eight, of any Advowson or Right of Presentation,

any Eccfefiifii Collation, Nomination, or Donation, of and to any Benefice, Prebend, or Ecclesiastical Living, School, chi Living Hospital, or Donative, and every Grant or any Avoidance thereof, by any Papist, or Person making 1' Proression of the Popish Religion, or arty Mortgagee, Trustee, or Person any ways intruded directly or indirectly, rnediafely or immediately, by or for any such Papilt or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion, whether such Trust be declared by Writing or not, shall be null ancfvoid, unless such Grant ull, ep made for shall be made bona fide, and for a full and valuable Consideration to and for a' Protestant Purchaser or lideratton^oprotellant Purchasers, and merely and only for the Benefit a of Protestant or Protestants; and that every Hoteiiant Pur such Grantee, or Person claiming under any such Grant, shall be deemed to be a Trustee for a Papist or chaser, C Person professing the Popish Religion as aforesaid, within the true Intent and Meaning of the Laid Act;

and that all such Grantees, or Persons claiming under such Grants, and their Presentees, shall be compelled to make such Discovery relating to such Grants and Presentations made thereupon, and by such Methods as in and by the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, are directed sit Every Devise the case of Trustees of Papills or Persons professing the Popish Religion; and that every Devise to be eccleii°aftkayi male from and after the said sixth Day of May by any Papist or Person professing the popi111 Religion, Living after 6 of any such Advowson or Right of Presentation, Collation, Nomination, or Donation, or any such May738, by a Avoidance, with Intent to secure the Benefit thereof to the Heirs or Family of such Papist or Person apiit, void, professing the Popish Religion, shall be null and void; and that all such Devisees, and Persons claiming Set father under such Devises, and their Presentees, shall in the like Manner, and by such Methods, be com sjovs. 2. C 13. p£]]e(i to discover, whether to the belt of their Knowledge and Belief, such Devises were not made with the said Intent,

CAP. ' XVIII

An Act to continue two several acts therein mentioned; one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

T reamble.

The Ad 5 Geo. 2. c. 24. relating to Coffee, Continued for 7 Years.

Farther continued by 25gco, 2. C 35/

And again by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23. The Act 6 Geo. ; 2. C 13. relating to Sugar, continued for 7 Years.

1 Farther continued by 26 Geo. 2. 0.32, 'And again by I Geo. 3. c. 9.

ti7hereas the Laws herein after mentioned are found to be very useful and beneficial to the Public, and are so near expiring, that it is fit they (hold now be continued 3' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to be in Force from the twenty filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited for the Expiration thereof, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to be in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for the Space of five Years, and to tyre End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited for the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

[Preamble.]

Former proviji ens concerning Rents,

32 H. 8. C 37.

Ann. C 14.

Geo. 2. c. 28.

Landlords may distrain and sell Goods fraudulently carried off the pre misses within 30 Days,

An act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds

by Tenants.

WHEREAS the several Laws heretofore made for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants, have not proved sufficient to obtain the good Ends and Purposes designed thereby, but rather the fraudulent Practises of Tenants, and the Mischief intended by the £ said Acts to be prevented, have ot late Year, increased, to the great Loss and Damage of their Lessors or Landlords For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, in case any Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, for Life or Lives, Term of Years, at Will, Sufferance, or otherwise, of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon the Demise or holding whereof any Rent is or shall be refereed, due, or made payable, shall fraudulently or clandestinely convey away, or carry off or from such Premises, his, 'her or their Goods or Chattles, to prevent the Landlord orleflor, Landlords or Lessors, from distraining the same for Arrears of Rent so reserved, due, or made payable; it shall and may be lawful to and for every Landlord or leitor, Landlords or Lessors, within that Part of Great Britain called Englatid, Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, or any Person or Persons by him, her, or them for that Purpose lawfully empowered, within the space of thirty Days next ensuing such com eying away or carrying (Iff

such

A.D. 1738. Ann undecimo Georgii II. c. j9. 29;

such Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, to take and seize such Goods and Chattels, wherever the same shall" be found, as a Distress for the said Arrears of Rent; and the same to sell, or otherwise dispose of, in such Manner as if the said Goods and Chattels had actually been distrained by such lector or Landlord,

Lessors or Landlords, in and upon such Premises for such Arrears of Rent; any Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That no Landlord or Lessor, or other Person entitled to such Arrears of Rent, unicr. sold 10 shall take or seize any such Goods or Chattels as a Distress for the same, which shall be sold bona fide,

and for a Valuable Consideration, before such Seizure made, to any Person or Persons not privy to fraud.'such Fraud as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And to deter Tenants from such fraudulent conveying away their Goods and Chattels, and others Penalty on te from wilfully aiding or assisting the rein, or concealing the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority said Fraud, or aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, if any such Tenant or Lefl ec shall «'<*« fraudulently remove and convey away his or her Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and knowingly aid or assist: any such Tenant or Leflce in such fraudulent conveying away or carrying off of any Part of his or her Goods or Chattels, or in concealing the same; all and every Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Landlord or Landlords, Lcflor or Lessors, from whose Estate such Goods and Chattels were fraudulently carried off as aforesaid, double the Value of the Goods by him, her, or them respectively carried off or concealed as aforesaid; be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of Session in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham respectively, or in the Courts ot Grand Sessions in Wales, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Goods and Chat if the Goods tels so fraudulently carried off or concealed shall not exceed the Value of fifty Pounds, it shall and may exceed not the be lawful for the Landlord or Landlords, from whose Estate such Goods or Chattels were removed, his,

her, or their Bailiff, Servant, or Agent, in his, her or their Behalf, to exhibit a Complaint in Writing i, ave Reccurfe against such Offender or Offenders, before two or more Justices of the Peace of the same County, t 2 Justices. Riding, or Division of such County, residing near the Place whence such Goods and Chattels were removed, or near the Place where the same were found, not being interested in the Lands or Tenements whence such Goods were removed; who may summon the Parties concerned, examine the and all proper Witnesses, upon Oath, or if any such Witness be one of the People called Quakers, upon Affirmation required by Law; and in a summary Way determine, whether such Person or Persons be guilty of the Offence, with which he or they are charged; and to inquire in like Manner of the Value of the Goods and Chattels by him, her or them respectively so fraudulently carried off or concealed as aforesaid; and, upon full Proof of the Offence, by Order under their Hands and Seals, the said Justices of Peace may and shall adjudge the Offender or Offenders to pay double the Value of the said Goods and Chattels to such Landlord or Landlords, his, her, or their Bailiff, Servant, or Agent, at such Time as the said Justices shall appoint: And in case the Offender or Offenders, having Notice of such Order, shall refuse or neglect so to do, may and shall, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders; and for want of such Distress, may commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of correction, there to be kept to hard Labour without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months, unless the Money so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall be sooner satisfied.

V. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, who thinks himself aggrieved by Appeal frotn

such Order of the said two Justices, to appeal to the Justices of Peace at their next General or Quarter thun to the Sessions to be held for the same County, Riding or Division of such County, who may and shall hear ter scf

and determine such Appeal, and give such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable, whose '°n3' Determination therein shall be final.

VI. Provided also, That where the Party appealing shall enter into a Recognisance with one or two The 2 justices sufficient Surety or Sureties in double the Sum so ordered to be paid, with Condition to appear at such rderu°notito General 01 Quarter Sessions, the Order of the said two Justices shall not be executed against him in be executed. C the mean Time.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Goods or Chattels frau Landlords may dulently or clandestinely conveyed or carried away by any Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, his, housestofeize her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons aiding or aflifdng there Goods fraudu in, shall be put, placed, or kept in any House, Barn, Stable, out house, Yard, Close or Place locked lentiy (toured up, fattened, or otherwise secured, so as to prevent such Goods or Chattels from being taken and seized tl, erein'

as a Distress for Arrears of Rent; it shall and may be lawful for the Landlord or Landlords, Lefior or Lessors, his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Person or Persons empowered to take and seize, as a Distress for Rent, such Goods and Chattels (first calling to his, her, or their Assistance the Constable, Headborough, Borsholder, or other Peace Officer of the Hundred, Borough, Parish, di ftrisft or Place, where the same shall be suspected to be concealed, who are hereby required to aid and assist therein; and in case of a dwelling house Oath being also first made before some Justice of the Peace of a reasonable Ground to suspect that such Goods or Chattles are therein) in the Daytime, to break open and enter into such House, Barn, Stable, out house, Yard, Close, and Place, and to take and seize such Goods and Chattles for the said Arrears of Rent, as he, she or (hey might have done by virtue of this or any former Act, if such Goods and Chattels had beeii put in any open Field or Place.

298

and may didrain Stock or Cattle on tliepremifles, for Arrears of Rent.

Tenants to have Notice of the Place where the Di lire Is is lodged,

Distress of Corn, C to cease, if Rent be paid before it be cut.

Distresses maybe secured, and sold on the premises.

aw.&m. C

Geo. 2. C S.

Attornment of Tenants, void.

C 19. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Lessor or Landlord, Lessors or Landlords, or his, her or their Steward, Bailiff, Receiver, or other Person or Persons empowered by him, her or them, to take and seize, as a Distress for Arrears of Rent, any Cattle or Stock of their respective Tenant or Tenants, feeding or depasturing upon any Common, appendant or appurtenant, or any ways belonging to all or any Part of the Premises demised or held; and also to take and seize all Sorts of Corn and Grass, Hops, Roots, Fruits, Pulse, or other Product whatsoever, which shall be growing on any Part of the Estates so demised or held, as a Distress for Arrears of Rent; and the lame to cut, gather, make, cure, carry and lay up, when ripe, in the Barns, or other proper Place on the Premises so demised or held; and in case there shall be no barn or proper Place on the Premises so demised or held, then in any other Barn or proper Place which such Lessor or Landlord, Lessors or Landlords shall hire or otherwise procure for that Purpose, and as near as may be to the Premises; and in convenient Time to appraise, sell or otherwise dispose of the same, towards Satisfaction of the Rent for which such Distress shall have been taken, and of the Charges of such d.iftrel, Appraisement and Sale, in the same Manner as other Goods and Chattels may be seized, distrained and disposed of; and the Appraisement thereof to be taken when cut, gathered, cured, and made, and not before.

IX. Provided always, That Notice of the Place where the Goods and Chattles so distrained shall be lodged or clepolited, shall, within the Space of one Week after the lodging or depositing thereof in inch. Place, be given, to such Lessee or Tenant, or left at the last Place of his or her Abode; and that if after any Distress for Arrears of Rent so taken, of Corn, Grass, Hops, Roots', bruits, Pulse, or other Product, which shall be growing as aforesaid, and at any Time before the same shall be ripe and cut, cured or gathered, the Tenant or Lessee, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall pay, or cause to be paid to the Lelfor or Landlord, Leflfors or Landlords, for whom such Distress shall be taken, or to the Steward or other Person usually employed to receive the Rent of such Leflor or lefltors, Landlord or Landlords, the whole Rent which shall be, then in Arrear, together with the full Costs and Charges of making such Distress, and which shall have been ocea iioned thereby; that then, and upon such Payment, or lawful Tender thereof actually made, whereby the End of such Distress will be fully answered, the same and every Part thereof shall cease; and the Corn, Grass, Hops, Roots, Fruits, Pulse, or other Product so distrained, shall he delivered up to the Lessee or Tenant, his or her Executors, Administiutors or Assigns; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas great Difficulties and Inconveniences frequently arise to Landlords and Lefiorj and other Persons taking Distresses for Rent, in removing the Goods and Chattels or Stock di strained off the Premises, in Cases where by Law they may not be impounded and secured there upon; and also to the Tenants themselves many Times, by the Damage unavoidably done to such Goods and Chattles, or Stock, in the Removal thereof; 'Be. it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of Jane one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons lawfully taking any Distress for any Kind of Rent, to impound, or otherwise secure the Distress so made, of what Nature or Kind soever it may be, in such Place, or on such Part of the Premises chargeable with the Rent, as shall be moult fit and convenient for the impounding and securing Distress; and to appraise, sell and dispose of the same upon the Premises, in like Manner, and under the like Directions and Restraints to all Intents and Purposes, as any Person taking a Distress for Rent may now do off the Premises, by virtue of an act made in the second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of Good distrained for Rent, in case the Rent be net paid in a reasonable Time, or of one other Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the move effectual preventing Frauds committed bp Tenants, and for the more easy Recovery of Rents, and Renewal of Leases; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to come and go to and from such Place or Part of the said Premises, where any Distress for Rent shall be impounded and secured as aforesaid, in order to view, appraise and buy, and also in order to carry off or remove the same, on account of the Purchaser thereof; and that if any pound breach or Refcous shall be made of any Goods and Chattels, or Stock distrained for Rent, and impounded or otherwise secured by virtue of this Act, the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases of pound breach or Refcous is given and provided by the said Statute.

XI. And whereas the Possession of Estates in Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments is rendered very precarious by the frequent, and fraudulent Practice of Tenants, in attorning to Strangers, who claim Title to the Estates of their respective Landlord or Landlords, Lessor or Lessors, who by that Means are turned out cf Possession of their respective Estates, and put to the Difficulty and Expense of recovering the Possession thereof by Actions or Suits at Law; 'For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the t Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, all and every such Attornment and < Attornments of any Tenant or Tenants of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick ut>cu Tweed, shall be. absolutely nuil and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Possession of their respective Landlord or Landlords, Lessor or Lessors, shall not be deemed or construed to be any wise changed, altered or affected by any such Attornment or Attornments: Provided always.

That

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 19. 299

That nothing herein contained shall extend to vacate or assess any Attornment made pursuant to Exception, apd in consequence of (ome Judgement at Law, or Decree or Order of a Court of Equity, or made with the Privity and Consent of the Landlord or Landlords, Leflor or Lessors, or to any Mortgage; after the Mortgage is become forfeited,

XII. And whereas great Inconveniences have frequently happened to Landlords by their Tenants secreting Declarations in Ejedtment, which have been delivered to them, or by refuting to appear to such Ejedtments, or to suffer their Landlords to take upon them the Defence thereof; 'Be it

England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to his or her Landlord or Landlords, or his, wer or their Bailiff or Receiver, under Penalty of forfeiting the Value of three Years improved or Rack Rent of the Premises so demised or held in the Possession of such Tenant, to the Person of whom ho or the holds; to be recovered by Action of Debt to be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham respectively, or in the Courts of grand feltions in Wales; wherein no Eifoin, Protection or Wager of Daw shall be allowed, nor any moe than one Imparlance.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for ^ov crth to'*

the Court where such Ejectment shall be brought, to suffer the Landlord or Landlords to make make Viimfetr him, her or themselves Defendant or Defendants, by joining with the Tenant or Tenants, to whom Defendant iw such Declaration in Ejedtment shall be delivered, in case he or they shall appear; but in case such the

Tenant or Tenants shall refuse or neglect to appear, Judgement shall be signed again! the cal uai en3n'Ejcdtor for want of such Appearance; but if the Landlord or Landlords of any Part of the Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, for which such Ejedtment was brought, shall desire to appear by himself or themselves, and consent to enter into the like Rule that by the Course of the Court the Tenant in Possession in case he or she had appeared ought to have done; then the Court where such Ejedtment shall be brought shall and may permit such Landlord or Landlords so to do, and order a Stay of Execution upon such Judgement against the casual Ejedtor, until they shall make further Order therein.

XIV. And to obviate some Difficulties that many Times occur in the Recovery of Rents, where p ems y, ob there Demises are not by Deed, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and where the de after the said twenty-fourth Day of June it shall and may be lawful to and for the Landlord or mises are notby Landlords, where the Agreement is not by Deed, to recover a reasonable Satisfaction for the Lands, Deedi 7'enements or Hereditaments, held or occupied by the Defendant or Defendants, in an Action on the Case, for the Use and Occupation of what was so held or enjoyed; and if in Evidence on the Trial of such Action any Parol Demise or any Agreement (not being by Deed) whereon a certain Rent was reserved shall appear, the Plaintiff in such Action shall not therefore be nonsuited, but may make use thereof as an Evidence of the Quantum of the Damages to be recovered.

XV. And whereas where any Lessor or Landlord, having only an Ellate for Life in the Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments demised, happens to die before or on the Day, on which any Rent is reserved, or made payable, such Rent, or any Part thereof, is not by Law recoverable by the Executors or Administrators of such Lessor or Landlord; nor is the Person in Reversion entitled

thereto, any other than for the Use and Occupation of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

from the Death of the Tenant for Life; of which Advantage hath been often taken by the Under tenants, who thereby avoid paying anything for the lame; 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand r?nts recover j'even hundred and thirty-eight, where any Tenant for Life shall happen to die before or on the.fenanr °'_ Day, on which any Rent was reserved or made payable upon any Demise or Lease of any Lands, where Tenants Tenements or Hereditaments, which determined on the Death of such Tenant for Life, that the for Life dje be. Executors cr Administrators of such Tenant for Life shall and may in an Action on the Case je payable.rem '* cover of and from such under tenant or under tenants of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, 1 if such Tenant for Life die on the Day on which the same was made payable tyre whole, or if before such Day then a Proportion, of such Rent according to the Time such Tenant for Lire lived, of the lait Year, or Quarter of a Year, or other Time in which the said Rent was growing due as aforesaid, making all jutt Allowances or a proportionable Part thereof respectively.

XVI. And whereas Landlords are often great Sufferers by Tenants running away in Arrear, and not only differing the demised Premises to lie uncultivated without any Distress thereon, whereby their Landlords or Lessors might be satisfied for the rent arrear, but also refilling to delivtr up the Possession of the demised Premises, whereby the Landlords are put to the Expence and De

of recovering in Ejectment; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Prdvision for after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, if any Te where°tenants nant holding any Lands, Tenemenrs or Hereditaments, at a rack rent, or where the Rent reserved dcfcit tim ia shall be full three fourths of the yearly Value of the demised Premises, who shall be in Arrear forn idrcs

one year's Rent, shall desert the demised Premises, and leave the same uncultivated or unoccupied, so as no sufficient Distress can be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent; it shall and may be lawful to and for two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division of Place (having no Interest in the demised Premises) at the Request of the Lessor or Landlord, Lessors or Landlords, or his, her or their Bailiff or Receiver, to go upon and view the lame, and to affix, orcaufei

q_q 2 to

300 C 19. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

to be affixed, on the most notorious Part of the premiltes Notice in Writing, what Day (at the di llance of fourteen Days at least) they will return to take a Second View thereof; and if upon such second View the Tenant, or foine Person on his or her Behalf, shall not appear, and pay the Rent in Arrear, or there shall not be sufficient Distress upon the premiltes; then the Paid Justices may put the Landlord or Landlords, leltor or Lessors, into the possession of the said demised premiltes; and the Lease thereof to such Tenant, as to any Demise therein contained only, shall from thenceforth become void.

Tenants may

XVII. Provided always, That such Proceedings of the said Justices shall be examinable in a sum appeal from.he mary Way by the next Justice or Justices of Assize of the respective Counties, in which such Lands jures. or premiltes lie; and if they lie in the City of London or County of Middlesex, by the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas; and if in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, then before the Judges thereof; and if in Wales, then before the Courts of grand fef ftons respectively; who are hereby respectively empowered to order Restitution to be made to such Tenant, together with his or her Expenses and Costs, to be paid by the leltor or Landlord, Lessors or Landlords, if they shall see Cause for the same; and in case they shall affirm the Act of the said Justices, to award Costs not exceeding five Pounds for the frivolous Appeal.

XVIII. And whereas great Inconveniences have happened, and may happen to Landlords, whose Tenants have Power to determine their Leases, by giving Notice to quit the premiltes by them held, and yet refusing to deliver up the possession, when the Landlord hath agreed with an

Tenantsholding other Tenant" for the lame; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and the lime after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, in case any

notify for quit Tenant or Tenants shall give Notice" of his, her or their Intention to quit the premiltes by him, her

ting them, to or them held, at a time mentioned in such Notice, and shall not accordingly deliver up the Pof

pay doublerent. fejylon thereof at the time in such Notice contained; that then the said Tenant or Tenants, his,

her or their Executors or Administrators, shall from thenceforward pay to the Landlord or Landlords, leltor or Lessors, double the Rent or Sum, which he, she or they Should otherwise have paid; to be levied, sued for and recovered at the same Times, and in the same Manner, as the tingle Rent or Sum before the giving such Notice could be levied, sued for or recovered; and such double Rent or Sum shall continue to be paid, during all the Time such Tenant or Tenants shall continue in possession as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas it hath sometimes happened, that upon a Distress made for Rent justly due,

the Directions of the Statute made in the second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent, in case the Resit be not paid' ' within a reasonable Time, have not been strictly pursued, but through Mistake or Inadvertency of the Landlord or other Person entitled to such Rent and distraining for the same, or of the Bailiff or Agent of such Landlord or other Person, some Irregularity or tortious Act hath been afterwards done in the Disposition of the Distress so seized or taken, as aforesaid; which Irregularity or tortious Act the Party distraining hath been deemed a Trespasser ab initio, and in an action brought against him as such the Plaintiff hath been entitled to recover, and has actually recovered, the full

Value of the Rent, for which such Distress was taken: And whereas it is a very great Hardship

Landlords and other Persons entitled to Rents, that a Distress duly made Should be thus in effect avoided for any subsequent Irregularity Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven lw any lrre gu hundred and thirty-eight, where any Distress shall be made for any Kind of Rent justly due, and larity in the dif any Irregularity or unlawful act shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, or by poimono tiem; ]ns her or their Agents; the Distress itself shall not be therefore deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making it be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio; but the Party or Parties, aggrieved by such unlawful act or Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage he, she or they shall have sustained thereby, and no more, in an action of Trespass or on the Case at the Election of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs: Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such action, he, she or they shall be paid his, her or their full Costs of Suit, and have all the like Remedies for the same as in other Cases of Costs. nor Tenants to

XX. Provided nevertheless, That no Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, shall recover in any tfonvontender action for any such unlawful act or Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made of Amends." by the Party or Parties distraining, his, her or their Agent or Agents, before such action brought, in Actions a

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty

g. unit Persons fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, in all Actions of Trespass or up tntitiedtorents, on the Case to be brought against any Person or Persons entitled to Rents or Services of any Kind, may plead the er or their Bailiff or Receiver, or other Person or Persons, relating to any Entry by virtue of

General Issue, this act, or otherwise, upon the premiltes chargeable with such Rents or Services, or to any di stress or Seizure, Sale or Disposal of any Goods or Chattels thereupon; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in such actions to plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such action shall become nonsuit, discontinue his, her or their action, or have Judgement against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover double Costs of Suit.

XXII. And whereas great Difficulties often arise in making Avowries or Conuzance upon Di ' stresses for Rent, quit rents, Reliefs, Heriots, and other Services Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun 1 8 dred

Jiv. MC. 5.

distrcftes for Rent not unlawful sj r

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 20. 301

dred and thirty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Defendants in Replevin to avow or Defendants in make Conuzance generally, that the Plaintiff in Replevin, or other Tenant of the Lands and Tc "that

nements whereon such Distress Was made, enjoyed the same under a Grant or Demise at such a thepi ainti'ffheid certain Rent, during the Time wherein the Rent distrained for incurred, which Rent was then and the Preniifles at dill remains due; or that the Place where the Distress was taken was Parcel of such certain Tene ^. "rlain Rent' merits, held of such Honour, Lordship or Manor, for which Tenements the Rent, Relief, Heriot - or other Service distrained for, was at the Time of such Distress and llill remains due; without further setting forth the Grant, Tenure, Demise or Title of such Landlord or Landlords, Lector or Lcfiors, Owner or Owners of such Manor; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:

And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Atftion shall become nonsuit, discontinue his, her or their Action, or have Judgement given against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants in such Replevin shall recover double Costs of Suit.

XXIII. And to prevent vexatious Replevins of Distresses taken for Rent, Be it enacted by the To prevent vss authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven a "ous.

hundred and thirty-eight, all Sheriffs, and other Officers having Authority to grant Replevins, may"ns and shall in every Replevin of a Distress for Rent, take in their own ivtames, from the Plaintiff, and two responsible Persons as Sureties, a Bond in double the Value of the Goods distrained such value to be ascertained by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in the Goods or Distress, which Oath the Person granting such Replevin is hereby authorised and required to administer) and conditioned for prosecuting the Suit with Effect and without Delay, and for duly returning the Goods and Chattels distrained in case a Return shall be awarded, before any Deliverance be made of the Distress; that such Sheriff, or other Officer as aforesaid, taking any Replevin Bonds such Bond, shall at the Request and Costs of the Avowant or Person making Conuzanee assign such may beast snod' Bond to the Avowant or Person aforesaid, by indorsing the same, and attesting it under his Hand and Seal in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses; may be done without any Stamp, provided the Assignment so endorsed be duly stamped before any Action brought thereupon; and if the Bond so taken and assigned be forfeited, the Avowant, or Person making Conuzance, may bring an Action and recover thereupon in his own Name; and the Court where such Action shall be brought may by a Rule of the same Court give such Relief to the Parties upon such Bond, as maybe agreeable to Justice and Reason; and such Rule shall have die Nature and Effect of a Defeazance to such Bond.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payments of certain Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the respective Treasurers of every County in England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the forty third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen preamble, rev' Eeizabeth, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Poor, a Provision is made for raising, collect citing the a a ' ing and jpaying the several Sums of Money therein mentioned, for and towards the Relief of the^R ' poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons, the good Intent of which Ad hath not C zc. J "

been answered for want of a proper Method to enforce the Payment of the said Money by the S 6?9IK;

Treasurers of the several Counties, who are directed by the said Statute to pay the same; 'For 12,

Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C 19. '

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, r. 6.

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall let. 2 %. be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, every Treasurer of every 11 Geo. C 22. County within England and Wales shall on or before the first Day of Trinity Term yearly and every Treasurers ei

Year pay over to the Lord Chief Justice of England, and Knight Marshal for the Time being, or ii£umoties°to'

to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, taking their Acquittances for the lame, thalcrd clues or in Default of the said Chief justice to the next muff ancient Justice of the King's Bench, the feve justice> c ral and respective Sums of Money which shall be then due from every such respective County, equally to be divided between the Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons for the charitable Purposes in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Treasurer shall liegled or on Refusal;

or refuse to pay over such respective Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, that so be compelled then upon the Report of the said Chief Justice, or of the said next most ancient Justice of the said Court ^3 "Bench. of king's Bench, being made, or upon the Certificate of the said Knight Marshal, or the Certificate or Certificates on Oath of such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, being

delivered to the said Court of such Neglect or Refusal, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Court of King's Bench to make a Rule on every such Treasurer so neglecting or refuling as aforesaid, requiring such Treasurer to pay the Money so reported or certified to be due as aforesaid; Obedience to such Rule shall and may be enforced by the said Court in such Manner and by such Ways, and Means as Rules of the said Court of King's Bench are usually enforced.

III. And that the said Treasurers may be the better amenable to the said Court of King's Bench; Treasurers Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who now is or hereafter shall s>ve in their be elected, or appointed Treasurer of any county in England ox. Wales, shall, within thirty Days after..^ecierkof the

the Grown;

302 C 21, 22. Anno imde.cimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, or within thirty. Days after his Election or Appointment respectively into such Office of Treasurer, transmit his Name

and Place of Abode to the Clerk of the Crown in his Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, to be by him entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; which Entry no See or Reward shall be taken: And in case any such Treasurer shall neglect or refute to transmit his Name and Place of Abode as aforesaid; then, upon the Report of the said Clerk of the Crown made to the said Court of such Neglect cr Refusal, every such Treasurer shall be liable to be proceeded against in the same Manner as in the Case of neglecting or refusing to pay such Money as aforesaid and to stand to JV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from time to time, and as often Rules of the as lere shall be Occasion for the said Court of King's Bench to make any Rule as aforesaid on any

still Court of the said treasurers in pursuance of this Act, the whole Cost and Charge of making such Rule,

Concerning p, \- and subsequent Charges arising therefrom, shall be paid by the Treasurer whose Default or Neglect joners, see farther shall cause the making of such Rule.

j6 Got. 2. C 31. 77 Geo. 2. c. 3 (3 17. 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to empower the present Trustees under the last Will and Testament of John Marfnall Gentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain Sum of Money, now in their Hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church in the County of Surrey., and for enclosing a Piece t of Ground lately purchased for an additional Church Yard to the said Church.

PR.

[Preamble.]

1 For former Laws concerning Corn, refer to 1

P. & M. C 5. '

22 Cur. 2. C 13.

1 file. 2. c. 19.

1 IV fm. ft. 1

C 12 34.

H & 12 IV 3.

C 20.

12 & 13 IV 3. C 10.

5 Ann. C 29.

2 Geo. 2. e. j2.

5 Geo. 2. c. 12. 'per('ons using Violence to hinder the purchase or Carriage of Corn,

to be imprisoned,

and publicly whipped.

Committing the like Offences a lccond, 'lime,

destroying Granaries or the Corn therein,

crin vessels, S: C

Felony.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Ihjurics and Violences to the Persons or Properties of his Majesty's Subjects with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn.

WHEREAS many disorderly and evil minded Persons have of late frequently assembled themselves in great Numbers, committed great Violences, and done many Injuries to, the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Corn, where by many of his Majesty's Subjects have been deterred from buying of Corn and Grain, and fol lowing their lawful Business therein, to their great Loss and Damage, as well as the great Damage and Prejudice of the Farmers and Landholders of this Kingdom, and of the Nation in general; 'For the better preventing such wicked and disorderly Practises, and inore easily and effectually bringing such Offenders to condign Punishment, Be it enacted by the King's moil: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, wilfully and maliciously beat, wound or use any other Violence to or upon any Person or Persons, with Intent to deter or hinder him or them from buying of Corn or Grain in any Market or other Place within this Kingdom; or shall unlawfully stop or seize upon any Wagon, Cart or other Carriage, or Horse, loaded with Wheat, Flour, Meal, Mali or other Grain, in or on the Way to or from any City, Market Town, or Seaport of this Kingdom, and wilfully and maliciously break, cut, separate or destroy the same, or any Part, thereof, or the Hamels of the Horses drawing the same; or shall unlawfully take off, drive away, kill or wound any of such Horses, or unlawfully beat or wound the Driver or Drivers of such Wagon. Cart or other Carriage, or Horse, so loaded", in order to flop the same; or shall, by cutting of the Sacks, or otherwise, scaster or throw abroad such Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt or other Grain, or shall take or carry away, spoil or damage the same, or any Part thereof; every and all such Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more justices of the Peace of the County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Town or Place Corporate, wherein such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or before theju ftices of the Peace in open Sessions (who are hereby authorised and empowered summarily and finally to hear and determine the same) shall be sent to the Common Gaol, or to the House of Correction, there to continue and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, nor less than one Month; and shall by the same Justices be also ordered to be once pub lickiy and openly, whipped by the Master or Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction, in such City, Market Town or Seaport, in or near to which such Offence shall be committed, on the first convenient Market Day, at the Market Cross or Market Place there, between the Hours of eleven and two of the Clock.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person or Persons so convicted shall commit any of the Offences aforesaid a second Time; or if from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously pull, throw down, or otherwise destroy any Storehouse or Granary, or other Place wlure Corn shall be then kept in order to be exported; or shall unlawfully enter any such Storehouse, Granary or other Place, and take and carry away any Corn, Flour, Meal or Grttin therefrom, or shall throw abroad or spoil the same, or any Part thereof; or shall unlawfully enter on Board any Ship, Barge, Boat or vessel, and shall wilfully and maliciously take and carry away, castor throw out therefrom, or otherwise spoil or damage, any Meal, Flour, Wheat or Grain therein intended for Exportation; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space of seven Years, in like t' Manner

A.D. 1738. Anno undechno Georgii II.

C 23- 3°3

Manner as ntlicr Felons are directed to be trail sported by tyre Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and if any such Offender so transported shall return into this Kingdom before the Expiration of the said seven Years, lie of the I halt suffer Death as a Felon without; lienftit of Clergy,

III. Provided always, That no Attainder for any Offence made Felony by virtue of this Act shall Provisoes. make or woik any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Disinheritance of Heir or Heirs.

IV. Provided also, That no Person who shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of this Act shall be punished for the same Offence, by virtue of any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth s.itisfaflion f,

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, 'the Inhabitants of every hundred in that <ucl» Damages Part of Great Britain called England, wherein any such Offence as aforesaid shall be committed, shall f "omihe hun

make full Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Persons, their Executors, and Ad dred,

mintstrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained or differed by any Injury or Violence done to their Properties by any Offender or Offenders agamic this Act; and that every Person and Persons, who shall

fuftairi Damages in their Properties by any of the said Offences, shall and are hereby enabled to sue for and recover such his or their Damages (the Sum to be recovered not exceeding one hundred Pounds) (not exceeding aga nft the said Hundred, who by this Act shall be made liable to answer all or any Part thereof; such 100 L Ilamages to be sued for, levied and raised, in dtch Manner and Form, and by and under the like Methods and Directions, as are prescribed and mentioned in Cases of Actions for Robberies on the High of

way, in and by an Act made in the seven and twentieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, m u'

tituled. An Act for the following Hue and Cry,

and by one other Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act for the Amendment of thef L aws relating to the Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry, except so much thereof as relates to giving, leaving or publishing Notice, or making fresh Suit and Hue and Cry, or any other Matter otherwise provided for by this Act.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or be given^'within0 Persons shall be enabled to recover any Damages, by virute of this act, unless he or they by themselves or days after the by their Servants within two. Days after such Damage or Injury done him or them by any such Offender t a Conor Offenders as aforesaid, shall give Notice of such Offence dorte and committed to one of the Confta a

bles of the Hundred, or to the Constable, Borftiolder, Headborough or Tythingman of the Town, an(|ixamina. Parish, Village, Hamlet ortything, in or near which such Fast shall be committed; and shall, within tion upon oath ten Days after such Notice give in his or their Examinations upon Oath, or the Examination upon within 10 Days. Oath or his or their Servants being present at the Time of the Fast being committed, or having the Care of such his or their Properties, to which such Damage or Injury shall be done, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division, where such Fast shall be committed, whether he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed such Factor any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed1, that he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed the said Fact, or any of them, that then he or they so. confessing shall be bound by Recognisance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders according to this Act, or otherwise according to the Laws of the Realm

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offence shall be {£*ttlffcndcv committed against this Act, and any one of the said Offenders shall be apprehended and lawfully con b^conviaed5 vidled of such Offence within the Space of twelve Months after the Offence committed; no Hundred or within 12 Franchise therein shall in any wise be subject or liable to make any Satisfaction to the Party or Parties in ^dred re jured for the Damages lie or they shall have sustained; thing in this Act contained to the contrary ijafud^ rc notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, That no Person who shall sustain any Damage by reason of any Offence to be e b°ough°tv

committed by any Offender contrary to this Act, shall be enabled hereby to sue or bring any Action gainst hundreds against any Hundred where such Offence shall be committed, till; after the Expiration of one Year; nor und_f, yi> or af unless the Party or Parties substaining such Damage, shall commence his, her, or their Action or Suitter eais' within two Years next after the Offence shall be committed. Cmcermng a

see fart her

24 Geo. 2. c. 56, 26 Geo. 2. c. 15. 30 Geo. 2. c. 1 & 7.

[31 Geo. 2. c. 1 25. 32 Geo. 2. c. 2 S? S.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding; the Parish Church of Saint Leonard Shoredith in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Pariflo Church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex, it is amongst other Things enacted, That the several Funeral Rates and

Duties mentioned and specified in a certain Indenture, bearing Date the eighth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty live, made between the Viear of the said

of the one Part, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of the other Part, then intended to be inroiled in the High Court of Chancery, (hold be coiledled, levied and paid in the said Parish, and be vested in the Trustees by the said Act appointed, to and for the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed; which Indenture hath been (nice inroiled: And whereas the said receited Act has been or may be construed to extend to the Funeral Rates, Sees, or Duties claimed by the Vicar, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish, such Fees, Rates, or Duties so claimed by them being inserted: in such Indenture, which it was not their Intention thou Id be applied to the Purposes of that adimay it pleafp your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C

The Act 8 Geo. 2. c. 27. not to affect the Vicar, Clerk, or sexton's Sees, &c.

3°4

C 24,

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

preamble, re «iiing the Act iz.sc 13 W. 3. 3*

persons may prosecute Actions against Members 'Of Parliament, in; the Intervals of

se/tion.

Members not liable to be arrested during Privilege.

The Courts of Great stflions1 in Wales, and Sessions in Counties Palatine to proceed against Members, as the Courts at West bainst,

Plaintiffs not barred or nonsuited,

nor Process against the King's Debtor to fre stayed, by Privilege of Parliament j

but the Persons not to be arrested.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

WHEREAS for the preventing all Delays the King or his Subjects may receive in any of his Courts of Law or Equity, and for their Ease in the Recovery of their Rights and Titles to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and their Debts, or other Dues, for which they have Cause of Suit or Action, an Act was made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament; whereby nevertheless the Privilege of Parliaments is restrained only in Actions or Suits commenced or prosecuted in the Courts, and for the Causes, therein particularly mentioned: And whereas great Inconveniences may happen to his Majesty, and his Subjects, with respect to their Rights and Titles of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and their Debts, or other Dues, for which they have Cause of Suit or Action, if the Privilege of Parliament be not restrained upon Ac ' tions or Suits commenced or prosecuted in other Courts within Great Britain and Ireland for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, any Person and Persons shall and may commence and prosecute in Great Britain or Ireland any Action. or Suit in any Court of Record, or Court of Equity, or of Admiralty, and in all Causes Matrimonial and Testamentary, in any Court having Cognizance of Causes Matrimonial and testamentary, against any Peer or Lord of Parliament of Great Britain, or against any of the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses of the House of Commons of Great Britain for the time being, or against their or any of their menial or other Servants, orany other Person entitled to the Privilege of the Parliament of Great Britain, at any Time from and immediately after the Dissolution or Prorogation of any Parliament, until a new Parliament shall meet, or the same be reafsembled, and from and immediately after any Adjournment of both Houses of Parliament for above the Space of fourteen Days, until both Houses shall meet or re assemble; and that the said respective Courts shall and may after such Dissolution, Prorogation, Jor Adjournment, as aforesaid, proceed to give Judgement, and to make final Orders, Decrees, and Sentences, and award Execution thereupon; any Privilege of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to subject the Person of any of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of Commons of Great Britain, or any other Person entitled to Privilege of Parliament, to be arrested during the Time of Privilege; nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Courts of Great sessions in Wales, Courts of Session in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in Ireland, after any Dissolution, Prorogation, or such Adjournment as aforesaid, or before any Session of Parliament, or Meeting of both Houses, as aforesaid, to have and use such and the like Methods of Proceeding, and to issue such and the like Process against any such Peer or Lord of Parliament, or against any of the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, or other Persons entitled to the Privilege of the Parliament of Great Britain, as the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in England, are by the said recited Act empowered and directed to use and issue respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Chancery of Ireland, and the Court of Equity in the Exchequer there, to have and use such and the like Methods of Proceeding, and to issue such and the like Process within the Times and against the Persons aforesaid, as the High Court of Chancery of Great Britain, and the Court of Exchequer in England, are by the said recited Act respectively directed and empowered to use and issue; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the other Courts herein before described, the Process whereof is not particularly directed by the said recited Act, or by tin's Act, after any Dissolution, Prorogation, or such Adjournment as aforesaid, or before any Session of Parliament, cr Meeting of both Houses as aforesaid; to issue such and the like Process against any such Peer or Lord of Parliament, or against any of the said Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses or other Person entitled to the Privilege of Parliament, as such Courts may now lawfully issue against Persons not liable to be arrested or imprisoned.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Plaintiff shall by Reason or occasion of Privilege of Parliament be (fayed or prevented from prosecuting any Suit by him commenced; such Plaintiff shall not be barred by any Statute of Limitation, or nonsuited, dismissed, nor his Suit discontinued for want of Prosecution of the Suit by 1 im begun; but shall from time to time upon the rising of the Parliament be at Liberty to proceed to judgement and Execution.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That no Action, Suit, Process, Order, Judgement, Decree, or Proceeding in Law or Equity against the King's original and immediate Debtor, for the Recovery or obtaining of any Debt or Duty originally and immediately due or payable unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or against any Accountant, or Person answerable or liable to render any Account unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Part or Branch of any of his or their Revenues, or other original and immediate Debt or Duty, or the Execution of any such Process, Order, Judgement, Decree or Proceedings, shall be impeached, (fayed, or delayed in any Court in Great Britain or Ireland, by or under the Colour or Pretence of any Privilege of the Parliament of Great Britain; yet so nevertheless, that the Person of any such Debtor or Accountant, or Person answerable or liable to account,

being

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 25, 26. 303

being a Peer or Lord of Parliament of Great Britain, shall not be liable to be arrested or imprisoned by or upon any such Suit, Order, Judgement, Decree, Process or Proceedings; or being a Member of the House of Commons or Great Britain, shall not, during the Continuance of the Privilege of Parliament, be arrested cr imprisoned by or upon any such Order, Judgement, Decree,

Process or Proceedings.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided nevertheless, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to give any Jurisdiction, Power or Authority to any Court, to hold Plea in any real or mixed Action, in any other Manner than such Court might have done before the making this Act. /«/atn 'i t

Geo. 1. c. 20.

15 Geo. a. C zz. 18 Geo. 2. c. 18. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28.^. 31 Geo. 2. C 14. 33 Geo. 1. C

CAP. XXV.

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River 'thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

EXP.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his preamble, re present AD jesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the ninth Year of the citing the Act. Reign of his present Majesty, intituld, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the 10 Geo'2' C 1-6'

New Palace yard in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners thereby appointed and conti nued, and the Survivors, or any nine or more of them, to direct or cause to be built the Bridge intend ed to be provided for by the said Act, cross the River Thames, either from the New Palace yard aforesaid, or from the horse ferry, or thereabouts, in the i'arish of Saint "John the Evangelist in the said City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of sunnyand whereas since the passing the said recited Act, several Doubts and Difficulties have arisen about fixing the Place where the said intended Bridge should be built; 'Now for preventing any farther Doubts and Difficulties concerning the same, and that the said intended. Bridge may be erected and built where the same may be moult advantageous to the Trade of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and moult commodious to the Inhabitants thereof j may it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, tpc.

"The Bridge to be built from the jvooljlapie, of what Materials the Commissioners shall think fit. Re "of the Moneys to be lent out ubon any public Security. Grounds purchased by the Commis "more than necessary, to be disposed of to the belt Advantage; and the Moneys to be employed C

"about the Bridge. Commissioners to account yearly. ya°o. z/c. 16.

14 Geo. 2. c. 40.

15 Geo. 2. c. 26. 17 Geo. 2. c. 52. 18 Geo. 2.. C 29. 29 Geo. 2. c. 38. 30 Qco. 2. c 34*

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for enforcing the Execution of an Act made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for Ivcenjing the Retailers thereof.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the several Provisions made fop restraining the frequent and perni 'pre;, mi, ie re. cious Use of Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, by an Act made in the ninth Year of his citing tlieaft present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duiy on Retains of Spirituous Liquors, and for //-9 Ge, Itc 3 ' cenfing the Retailers thereof; and also by an Act made in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign, for, 0 Ge 2 C 19:

explaining and enforcing the Execution of the said firtl mentioned Act; the drinking of Spirituous Liquors is yet too common, especially among Persons of low Rank: And whereas such Persons as sell or expose to tale any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters unmixed, or mixed with themselves, or any other Ingredients, contrary to the said Act, For laying a Duty upon the Retains of Spirituous Liquors,

and for hcenfing the Retailers thereof, are chiefly Persons of little or no Substance: whereas, in order to elude the said first mentioned Act, by preventing the Discovery of tyre Offenders against the same,

and thereby evading the Penalty to be inflicted cn such Offenders, several Persons in a clandestine Manner retale such Spirituous Liquors or some of them without any Licence, or in some Place or Places not in the said Act mentioned or allowed, and the Person or Persons so selling the same are not seen, but,

are hid behind some Wainscot, Curtain, Partition, or are otherwise concealed: 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred occupiers of and thirty-eight, if any lets Quantity or Quantities than two Gallons of Spirituous Liqpors, or Strong houi'e^&c. _ Waters, mixed or unmixed as aforesaid, shall be sold, uttered or delivered, contrary to the true Intent "'horeiq and Meaning of the said first mentioned Act, in any private and dqndestine Manner as aforesaid, to any ire^otd^com Person or Persons, in any House, out house, Staple, Barn or Shed, or in any other Place or Part of trary to the Act or belonging or appertaining to any House or Farm; then and in such Case the Occupier of such House, j?f

Farm, or Part of any House, or Farm, or other Place, where such Spirituous Liquors shall be sold, ifremkrs; ^but one Occupier only; qpd if more than one then the several Occupiers thereof, being privy or convoi. R r fentins

306 C 26.

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

Rescuing Of

fenting thereto, shall be, and he, she or they are hereby declared to be deemed the Retafer or Retailers of such Spirituous Liquors, and as such he, she or they shall forfeit and lose tyre Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence; such Penalty to be recovered and applied in such Manner as the one hundred Pounds Penalty for each Offence inflicted on any Person or Persons who shall presume to offer to sell or retale any of the said Spirit uous Liquors in a less Quantitythan by the said Act is directed, without taking out a Licence and renewing the lame yearly, as by the said at is directed to be recovered and applied.

II. And whereas in open Defiance of the Laws of this. Realm, and to prevent the before mentioned Acts from taking Effect, and to deter Persons from affiffing in putting the said Laws in Execution, diverse wicked, lawless, turbulent and disorderly Persons have assembled themselves at diverse Times ter refeue Offenders again! the said Laws, and to insult and abuse those who have been concerned in bringing them to Justice, and have in a moll; wicked and cruel Manner assaulted, beat, wounded and almost murdered several Officers and other Persons, who in pursuance of the said first recited Act either had given or were about to give Informations before his Majesty's Justices of the Peace against such Offenders; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons to the Number of Five or more

the f: iid AO, or assaulting Informer's, Felony.

fenders against shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven f " " J hundred and thirty-eight, in a tumultuous and riotous Manner, assemble themselves to refeue any Offender or Offenders against the said first mentioned Act, or to assault, beat or wound any Person or Persons who shall have given, or be about to give, any Information or Evidence against, or shall have discovered or given Evidence against, or be about to discover or give Evidence against, seize or bring to Justice any Person or Persons offending against the said first mentioned Act; that then all and every Person or Persons so assembling themselves, and their Aiders and Abettors, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and be adjudged to be, guilty of Felony; and every such Felon and Felons shall be subject! and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felons; and the Courts by and before whom he, she or they shall be convicted, shall have full Power and Authority of transporting such Felon and Felons for the Space of seven Years to any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, upon Geo. r. C u. the like Terms and Conditions as are given, directed and enacted by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlatuful Ex 6 Geo. l. c.zi portation of Wcoll; and by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons.

Affions brought

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought in any. inferior and prosecuted by any Person or Persons in any inferior or other Court than in his Majesty's Courts of

tfitag done^in Record at Westminster, or the Court of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Courts of Session in Counties

pursuance of Palatine, against any Justice of the Peace, or other Person or Persons employed in the Execution of this ihu Act, &c. Act, or of the said Avis made in the ninth and in the tenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or Onurw atwlrt e't'ler ot' than, for any Matter, Cause or Thing by him or them done, committed or executed by vir minster. tue or reason of this Act, or of the said Acts, or any or either of them, or of any Clause or Article therein contained; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, upon his, her or their making Affidavit, that he, she or they intend to infill in his, her or their Defence to such Action or Suit upon this Actor the said Acts, or one of them, to remove such Action or Suit into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ so that the Writ or Writs for removing the same be delivered to the Steward, Judge or proper Officer of the said inferior or other Court, Defendant may before Issue joined in the said Actjpn or Suit; and such Defendant or Defendants may plead the ge ral issue* northeast' ncra^ Blue, and give this Act, and the said Acts, or any of them, and the special Matter in Evidence at ac, C the 'j'rialj and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Actor of the said Acts, or any or either of them; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action, after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases at Law.

IV. And whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether a Justice or Justices of the Peace, on any In

exhibited to him or them of or for any Offence or Offences against the said first mentioned Act, may grant his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending and bringing before him or them

the Person or Persons, against whom such Information is made, unless and until such Person or Persons hath or have been duly summoned to appear before such Justice or Justices; it is found by Experience, that the summoning such Offenders against the said first mentioned Act is attended with great Inconveniences, by giving them an Opportunity to abscond from Justice; Offenders be ing generally Persons of little or no Substance, and often having no settled Habitation Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is and shall be lawful for one or more

wittiom Siim Justice or Justices of the Peace, on any Information upon Oath made before him or them against any wvr.intsufor*r Person or Persons for hawking, selling or exposing to sale any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters con oftvnclers. trary to the said first mentioned Adito issue his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their re spedfive Hands and Seals, to be directed to any Constable or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace, for the apprehending and bringing such Offender or Offenders before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offence or Offences was or were committed, in order to such Offender or Offenders being by.such Justice or Justices dealt with according to Law.

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 26. 307

V. And whereas in and by a Clause in the said first mentioned acst it is enacted, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, no Person or Persons shall hawk, sell or expose to sale any Brandy, Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, by whatsoever Name or Names they are or may be called or distinguished, about the Streets, Highways or Fields, in any wheel barrow or Basket, or upon the Water in any Ship, Boat or Vessel, or in any other Manner whatsoever, or shall sell or expose the same to sale on any Bulk or Bulks, Stall or Stalls,

or in any Shed or Sheds, or on or in any other Place or Places, other than in such Place and Place

are in the said Act before mentioned and allowed, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively, wherein such Offence shall be committed, on his or their own View, or on Confession of the Party, or by Proof on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses made of such Offence, to convict any Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid; and such Person and Persons so offending and convicted, shall im mediately on such Conviction pay the Sum of ten Pounds into the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, or one of them; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum, the Justice or Justices so con viding as aforesaid shall and may by Warrant or Warrants under his and their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County,

City or Liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of two Months,

4 to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment; and the Person or Persons so committed (haj!

not be discharged, until he, she or they shall have paid the Sum of ten Pounds, or until the full Expt ration of the said two Months; and every Sum or Sums of Money nrifing from the Conviction of any Person or Persons as aforesaid (in case there be no Informer) shall be employed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence was committed; but if there shall be an Informer, one Moiety of such Money shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Overseers and.

Churchwardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish as aforesaid: whereas in and by a Clause of the before mentioned Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign, reciting the said last recited Clause of the said Act made in the ninth Year of his said majesty's Reign; and also reciting that such Persons as are willing and dc lirous of putting the said salutary Law in Execution have not the Encouragement which is due to them, and which they justly deserve, where the Persons incurring the pecuniary Penalties of the said Act are not able to pay the same, but in lieu thereof are sent to the House of Correction as by the said Act is directed for Remedy whereof, it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day' of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, in all such Cases as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, to cause such Rewards as aforesaid to be paid to the several and respective Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as aforesaid, out of any Money that shall be in their Hands, or any Officer belonging to them, that hath arisen, or shall arise, by virtue of any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the said Act as aforesaid; the Money so paid shall be accepted of and allowed in their Accounts as so much Money paid to his Majesty, and the Commissioners are thereby discharged thereof accordingly; and every Of 4 fender convicted as aforesaid, and upon his or her Refusal or Neglect to pay the lame Penalty of ten Pounds, committed to the House of Correction as aforesaid, shall before his or her Discharge be stripped naked from the Middle upwards, and be whipped until his or her Body be bloody: And whereas for want of a Constable or other Ministerial Officer of the Peace being at Hand to apprehend such Of 4 sender or Offenders, he, she or they do often escape unpunished Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred Any Person and thirty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to seize and detain IL'V*

any Person or Persons who shall hawk, sell or expose to sale any Brandy, Spirituous Liquors or Strong ou^liquors', '11* Waters, by whatsoever Name or Names they are or may be called or distinguished, about the Streets, and give Nonce Highways or Fields, in any Wheelbarrow or Basket, or upon the Water in any Ship, Boat or Vessel, or to 3 con(lue. in any other Manner whatsoever, or shall sell or expose the same to sale on any Bulk or Bulks, Stall or Stalls, or in any Shed or Sheds, or on or in any other Place or Places, other than in such Place or Places as are in the said first mentioned Act allowed in that Behalf, for such reasonable Time as he, she or they may give Notice to the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or tome other Peace or Parish Officer or Officers, who are hereby required to carry such Person lb ieized and detained before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby required to proceed jo the Examination of such Person so seized and brought before him for such Offence, in the same Manner as if such Person so seized had been brought before him by a Constable, or any other Ministerial Officer of the Peace; and such Person so seized shall, if convicted of such Offence, be liable to the like Penalties, and the like corporal Punishments, on his or her Refusal or Neglect to pay the same, as are in and by the said Acts made in the ninth and tenth Years ol his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, for such Offence, to be paid or inflicted respectively.

VJ. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sum and Sums of Money as Trail and Forfeitures

may from time to time be paid by any Person or Persons convicted of hawking, selling or cxpoling to sale h?w 10 be jp.

any Brandy, Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters as aforesaid, to the Chinch wardens or Overi eers of p11441,

the Poor of any Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall be applied and accounted

for by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, in the same Manner a! otlu» Moneys tailed and received

on the Rates made for the relief of the Poor are directed and appointed to be applied ai d accounted for.

Penalty cn Constable

Neglect of Duty.

h/if?liters not to act as Justices in Matters concerning thh A.

Pines fiow to le recovered,

Ac.

Concern) Kg j^xv: tvoui Lifuvrs J ce farther I.; Vc. 2. C 25.

36 CV 2. C 8

37 crco, 2. C 17. jg Cm. 2. C 12.. 2 Gm. 3. C 5.

C 27. Anno undeciino Georgii II. A.D. 173s

VII. And whereas constables or other ministerial 'Officers of the Peace have refused or neglected to be aiding or assisting in the Execution of the before mentioned Acts made in the ninth and tenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, although thereunto required; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, if any Constable, or other ministerial Officer of the Peace whatsoever, shall refuse or neglect, upon due Notice or Request, or on their own View, to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this af, or of the before mentioned Acts made in the ninth and tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, or any or either of them; such Constable or other ministerial Officer of the Peace, being tlvereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, b fore any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace; the one Moiety to go to the Poor of tyre Parish where such Offence shall be committe.i, and the other Moiety to the Informer, who shall prosecute for the same, rendering the Overplus thereof to the Owner f any there be.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred, and thirty-eight, no Distiller or other Seller of spirituous Liquors or strong Waters whatsoever shall, during such Time as he, 'shall be a Distiller or Seller of such Liquors, be capable or have any Power to actor shall be directly or iadirebtly concerned in abling, as a justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which shall any ways concern the Execution of this present Abr, or of the before mentioned Acts made in the ninth and tenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, or either of them.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be in like Cases sued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by any Lav or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of the said Fines and Forfeitures, and which are not herein before dire died to be otherwise distributed, shall.go and be paid to the life of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or lue for the same.

'20 Geo. 2. c. 39. 24 Geo. 2. r. 40, 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. f. 29. 33 Geo. 2. C9£? 28. and

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions for the Service of the Year. one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and for paying the Governor and Company of the Bank of England one Million, for redeeming an Annuity of forty thousand Pounds payable to them; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, re

WHEREAS y an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

citing the '^a King George the First, intituled, An Act for redeeming feiferal Funds of the Governor and

3 Geo. 1. C s. ' Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to former Provisoes of Redemption; and for securing to them

several new Funds and Allowances redeemable by Parliament; and for obliging them to advance further

Sums, not exceeding tzvo millions five hundred thousand Pounds, at five Pounds per Centum, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lefifening the national Debts and Encumbrances; and for continuing certain Provisions made for the Expense of his Majesty's civil Government; and for Payment of Annuities formerly purchased at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum; and for other Purposes in this AG mentioned; the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England became entitled to one Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, for or in respect of the Sum of two millions, being the Amount of certain Exchequer Bills, which according to the Directions of the same Act were delivered up by the said Governor and Company to be cancelled; and the said Annuity was thereby charged on the Aggregate Fund, and made redeemable by Parliament on Repayment to the said Governor and c0111pany of the Bank of England of the said Sum of twomillions: And whereas by an Act of Parliament I Geo. 1. c. 9. ' made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the First, entitled,

An Act for continuing the several Annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds seven Shillings and ten Pence half benny, and one hundred thousand Pounds 'to the Bank of England, until Mid summer one thousandfiven hundred and tvuenty seven, and from thence for reducing the same to seventy one thousand and one Pounds two Shillings and threepence three Farthings, and eighty thousand Pounds re deemable ly Parliament.; and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erajed Bank Bills or Notes; the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, payable, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in respect of the said Sum of two millions, was fioni Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, reduced to an Annuity of eighty thousand Pounds accordingly; and it was thereby amongst other Things provided and enabled. That if at any Time or Times thereafter Payment should be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a 4 Time, in Part of the said twomillions, so much of the Annuity attending the same, as shall bear.a.

Proportion

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 27. 309

Ploportion to the Sum or Sums so paid in Part, shall cease, determine and be abated: And whereas i Geo. 2. flat. 1.

in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made ja the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti C K'

titled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at four

1 Pounds per Centum redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, and for enlarging the Time for exchanging of Nevis and 1 Saint chrilloplter'j Debentures, for Annuities at three Pounds per Centum; and for applying the Arrears of his late majesty's civil List Revenue; the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds was paid to the said Governor anil Company of the Bank of England, in Part of the said principal Sum of two millions,

for reducing twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, being a proportional Part of the said Annuity of

eighty thousand Pounds, so that there is now subsisting of the same Annuity only the yearly Sum of

sixty thousand Pounds, which is redeemable in Manner aforesaid, on Payment to the same Governor and Company of the remaining principal Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being willing to have the public Debts and Encumbrances discharged as as conveniently may be with regard to Justice and the public Faith, and being also desirous to raise the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways the lead burdensome to your Suojcdls, have resolved to give and gramme unto your Majesty the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as have arisen, or shall from time to time arise and be in one million the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, com an lull: q manly called the Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving diffident to pay all such Sum and Sums of th/sinktaft0* Money as have been directed by an former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) Fund.'there shall and may be issued, paid and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And your majesty's said Commons having resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further Sum oi five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after mentioned, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities which by this act shall be granted and made payable Sinking Fund in respect of the said principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds until Redemption thereof by Par 'c'

liament, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall, from and after the Feall Day of Saint Michael the fly Loarfct Archangel one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, be charged and chargeable upon, and pay 500.c00l. able out of, the Moneys, which from and after the said p'east Day shall from time to time arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the said Surplusses, Excesses or over p'us Moneys, are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

III. And for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the said Clause of Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Crtdi shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, 'Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's

Use, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury.for the time being, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said Ftaft Day cf Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, cr such as he, Hie or they shall nominate his, her or their Executors, administrat.ors, Successors and Assigns respectively, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after contained in that Behalf; which certain An r; V on, y, rr! nuities shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, of aefpcrc m, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be advanced and paid, and the Purchase Money so paid for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt ofxiv rt, Exchequer at the Time or Times' to be appointed as aforesaid; which Annuities so to be purchased 15 C «.2.ig. shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year (that is to say)

The Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions; die first Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine. 1.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the hcck cf Ac pells, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall be fairly entered the Names T lc hof all Persons who shall be Contributors for such certain annuities as aforesaid; ailed of all Persons by. whose Hands the said Contributors shall payin any of the said Sums upon this Add, and also the Sums paid for such Annuities; to which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors,

310 C 27. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

cutors, Administrators and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to insped the same without Fee or Reward.

Contributors V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor or contributors upon this actv duly paying the Contribution or Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid at Eftiiw in the the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, Annuities, ox such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors

and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy, the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this at appropriated as aforesaid, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the several Annuities so by them respectively to be purchased according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all such Estates and Interests of and in the said Annuities, and every of them, shall be and be adjudged, taken and accepted in Construction of Law, and in all Courts of Law and Equity whatso wie same to be ever, to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators of the per l>eiibiial and ion or Persons dying possessed thereof, interested therein, or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of

not ieal. such Person or Persons; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act as aforesaid, and every of them, shall be tree from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

Contributors

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for iu ueii°ami or 3nx luc Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or

ders lo/v.iy Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase Money for the same at the Rate aforesaid

uicnt. into the said Receipt of Exchequer at the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately

have; one or more Tally or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of the Purchase Money as shall be so paid for any such Annuity or Annuities at the Rate aforesaid; and every iueh Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns re pechvely, shall have an Order for paying the said Annuity or Annuities, until Redemption thereof by Parliament according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf which Older shall be signed by the Treasurer and under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and after lignin? thereof the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act; and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon tyre Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, determine or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid, or any of them.

Annuities af

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the Orders to be made forth for the said signable. Annuities in pursuance of this Act shall or may from Time to Time by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed on his, her or their Order, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order or Orders, to any other Person or Persons; which being notified in the Office of tile Auditor of the Receipt, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the Book of Registry for such Orders without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry made such assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so titles quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall make such Assignments, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And whereas it may so happen, that in Process of Time several of the said Handing Orders may become defaced, obliterated or incumbred with many Assignments endorsed thereon, or by Reason thereof or some other Defeats therein, it may become necessary that the said defaced, obliterated, in 1 cumbred or otherwise defective Orders, should be taken in and cancelled, and new Orders made forth and delivered to the Owners and Proprietors of the Orders so to be cancelled in lieu thereof; 'New Orders to Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any of the said Cases any three or be made forth more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any terated"ones, l^ree or m01'e of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, may, if he or they shall so think fit, from time to time, cause to be made forth new Handing Orders for and in lieu of such" defaced,

obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders, so as such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Order or Orders be at the same Time delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in lieu thereof be made payable to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so delivered up and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; and the Auditor of the said Receipt aforesaid shall always take care, that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being nrade out in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbred or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Publick again! any double Payments for or by reason of the making out or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

IX. And, for the preventing of all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said (landing Orders, or any Assignments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due thereon; Be it enacted by the y.irghijr Orders, Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure 10 a s. >ionp. forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad and alfift in the forging or counterfeiting any Order

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II.

C 27. 3 a

kr or Orders made forth or to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any Assignment or Alignments jf such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities' payable tiicreon, or of any Receipt or Discharge to the Exchequer for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or of any Letter of attor iey or other Authority or Instrument to transfer, align, alien or convey, any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or rocure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or allill in the forging or counterciting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any speh Order or Orders in or to any such pretended Alignment, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereat", by virtue of any such forged or counterfeited Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, ir shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Order or Orders, and thereby aligning, or endeavouring to align, any of the said Order or Orders, or eceiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender was the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall uffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the said Sum of five bun No Fes to tt Ire CL thousand Pounds upon the Credit of this Act, That all Receipts and Mites, and all other Things

lii ccfted by this atto be performed in the Exchequer, shall he done and performed by the Officers l'ra> tierc without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the lame; end in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall not seep Books or Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this act hey are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future incapable f any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay 'I'reble Damages and Costs of Suit o any Contributor, or Person claiming under him, that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action !of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jfef.tfiinster, wherein no efl oin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, 'or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recoicry shall have Full Costs of Suit one Third of which Sum so to be recovered shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two Thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys commidtoners from time to time arising at the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the said Surpljffes, Excesses Py officers or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, it shall and may be lawful to of "theams' and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High trca sinking Fund, hirer for the Time being, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the Exchequer, and others that

shall or may be any way employed in the Execution of this Act in relation to the said Annuities to be payable thereupon, for their Labour, Pains and Service therein respectively, and to discharge and satisfy such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of the same, in such Manner as the commissioners of the I reasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from time to time think lit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this A el contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one Annuities year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by to ctj!c' Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said Annuities, and

upon Repayment by Parliament of the principal Sums for which the said Annuities shall be payable, to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the lame Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities, then, and not till then, the said Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by Hiding Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means,

for the publick Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commit commistto ers lionet's of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, may raise the or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall judge it more adviseable jjfche ^'uerbufe to raise the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills indeed; nite: ui ot of such Loans as aforesaid; then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any lc^r.

Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer any Number of Exchequer Bills for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, together w'th such Loans as aforesaid, in the lame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament For continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty e, fnt\ are enacted and pre. concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the same Act.

12

C 27.

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

to expend to ti 'fc of this act.

Such Bills chargeable on the Sinking lunch

?9 Geo. 2. c. 6. 24 Geo. 2. c. 4, Application of the Money granted this Session#

The Privileges,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, pro thi Bilk made v'f°es* Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said by the Malt Act last mentioned Act, relat ng to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties or Impositions granted or continued by the same Act) shall! be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be anti are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by or out of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Bund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as fall as the same can be regularly dated and afeer tained, for or towards paying off", cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid oft, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and referred in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

One million to

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at or upon the Feast Day of bankidut°of the ^a'nt Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight there shall be issued, paid Supplies gam and applied to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Sum of one million, ec!tauseifion. out of any the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for redeeming the Annuity of c'c"tr!tcr a forty thousand Pounds, Part of the before mentioned Annuity of sixty thousand Pounds, in further 'ca.'z. "il Part of the said principal Sum of two millions as aforesaid; that upon Payment thereof the Annuity attending thereon shall cease, determine and be abated, for the Benefit of the Public.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and so truch Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising tyre said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and the Sum of two millions by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein before and after expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million two hundred forty-two thousand eight hundred eighty-five Pounds twelve Shillings and live Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for Half pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed.

XPIII. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty thousand Pounds, for the Rebuilding and Repairing Ships of the Royal Navy for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight.

XIX. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hofnital at Greenwich, and for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there

4nr°7d.' ibr the shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty six thousand of a.pd nineteen Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office

Ordnance. of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary

Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

XXI. And it is hereby likewise enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine hundred sixty ouc thousand seven hundred eighty six Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence, for

4 or

I, >4 % SS?.1. 1-

4 il. for Naval Services.

40,000 1. for

rebuilding

Sltips.

to.cco 1. to

grecnwicljflo'

spitei.

oi, 7s61. 19s

i!. for the e.and Forces.

A.D. 1738. Anno undcciino Georgii II.

C 27.

: 3

or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred forty seven thousand five hundred forty-nine Sounds eleven Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand seven hundred and four Men, including Commission and non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jnfey, for tyre Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred twenty-five thousand nine hundred eighty-two Pounds and seven Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisiorts for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Catfo, _ Placentia and Gibraltar, for the Year one thousand hundred and thirty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty leven thousand nine hundred and ten Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, upon Account, for the out fenfior.ers of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fourteen thousand three hundred ninety five Pounds four Shillings and sixpence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-one thousand nine hundred fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, upon Account of hall pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the Laid half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money rot exceeding three thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; which laid Sum of three thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds, hall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows; of hallp ay Officers, or their Aligns, according to such Establishments, Lilts or other Directions, and 'with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such or the like Warrant or Warrants, shall begraciously pleased to direct or appoint. '

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-eight thousand three hundred and twenty-one Pounds four Shillings, and eleven Pence three f arthings, towards making good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

XXIII. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, riot exceeding three thousand two hundred thirty-two Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chrijhnas, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament paired in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand Pounds, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for one Year and a half's Interest due on or before the eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum on the principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties towards tyre Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, lor granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, 'and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster; and there shall and may be issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thousand Pounds, by them to be applied towards settling and fe curing; the said Colony.

XXIV. And as to the said Sum of forty-one thousand nine hundred fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have dr receive any Part of the Line, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served, was reduced; That no.person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any ganl on or Regiment, who has any ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and hath had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appohitment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as

647, ^9l. '16. id. Halfptnry lor Guai os and Garrisons.

225, 902). jd. hallne.ny, for the riantation?.

27, 910). 7 s. Gd. for Chelsea Hospital.

>4.395 1- 4 s.

6 d. jor extraordinary Ixpences.

4>, 959.1- >5 '. 10 ct. lor half-pay.

3, 9901. for reduced Officers Widows.

28, 3211. 4 s.

11 d. three Farthings for De'ficiencyof the Grants for 1737.

3, 232). iss. to o. for Deficiency of the Stamp Duties,

30,000l. to replace to the Sinking Fund.

10,000l. towards maintaining the African Forts. 4020 J. to the repairing Westminster Abbey, and 8ocol. to the Colony of Georgia.

Rules for the Application of half-pay.

See farther

12 Geo. 2. c. 19.

3!4

C 28.

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXV. And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, 'intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereon; and for explaining and enforcing the Execution of an Act passed in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled,

ai//iv 7x?*n 11/r XI + xi17r\f' fih*VI 'hn nt r T xivix/ Pri*. it sti te

for the Year 7, how

d/lposed

of.

been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-four thousand six hundred eighty-five Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed 1 in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf granted toey Now it is hereby provided, enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said duced Officers Sum of forty-four thousand six hundred and eighty-five Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to tyre said Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of narrow Woollen Clothes in the West Riding of the County of York.

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the Laws now in being, concerning the making and manufacturing of narrow Woollen Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York,

have hitherto proved ineffectual to restrain and prevent the Deceits, Frauds and Abuses which are used and practised in the making and working the said Cloth, particularly in stretching and straining the said Cloth; which ill Practices tend very much to the discrediting the said Manufacture both at Home and in Parts beyond the Seas; 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, every Maker of Narrow Woollen Cloth within the West Riding of the said County of York, shall weave or set in the Head of every Piece of Narrow Woollen Cloth by him to be made (except White Kerseys, and Clothes called Half Thicks) the initial Letters of his Christian and Surname; and that every Piece of Narrow Woollen Cloth made, milled or exposed to Sale in the said West Riding of the said County (except as before excepted) shall be measured at the fulling mill, when it is fully wet, and before it is carried from the said Mill, 'both by the Mill man, or Owner or Occupier of the said Mill, and by the Searcher (to be appointed as herein after is mentioned) who shall measure the same down the Middle of each Cloth for the Length, and within the Lists for the Breadth thereof; and every such mill man, or Owner or Occupier of every such fulling mill, shall affix or cause to be affixed at one End of every such Cloth, before it shall be carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, to be furnished by the Clothier; and the said mill man, or Owner or Occupier of every such fulling mill, shall rivet the same on every such Cloth, and shall stamp his own Name in plain Words at Length thereupon, and shall likewise stamp the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth in plain and legible Figures upon the same Seal of Lead; and every such Searcher shall also affix a Seal of Lead at the other End, whereon he shall stamp his Name, and the Length and Breadth of the Cloth in plain Words and Figures, and in the same Manner as the said Mill man is hereby directed and required to seal and stamp the same; and the said Mill man, or Owner or Occupier of every such fulling mill, and also every such Searcher, shall respectively keep Books, wherein they shall enter in plain and legible Words and Figures the Day and Year when every such Piece of Cloth is or shall be fulled or milled, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner of every such Piece of Cloth, and the Length and Breadth thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, if any Maker of any such Cloth shall refuse or negleifl to weave or set the initial Letters of his Christian and Surname in the Head of each Cloth so by him made; or if any mill man, or Owner or Occupier of any such fulling mill, or any such Searcher, shall refuse cr neglect to fix such Seals at the End of every Piece of such Cloth, before it shall be carried < from the Mill, in the Manner and with such Stamp or Impression, as is before directed; or shall neglect or refuse to make such Entries in Books to be kept by them respectively for that Purpose, as are herein before directed; or final] refuse to permit and suffer any Buyer to inspect such Entries, when thereunto reasonably required; every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such neglect or Offence, forfeit tyre several Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, Every Maker of such

Cloth

[Preamble.]

For former Lawt refer to 4 Ed. 4. C I.

1 i?, 3. c. 8.

Makers of narrow Woollen Cloth to set the initial Letters of their Names at the Head of every Piece of Cloth. Exception.

The same to be meafuied, and hosv.

r nalhes,

3x5

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii I[. C 28.

Cloth shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, and every Mill man, or Owner or Occupier of fuclv fulling mill, and every such Searcher shall respectively forfeit for every such Neglect or Offence the Sum of five Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the Paid U'ejl Riding of the Paid at

County of York shall, at their Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the Paid ujji Riding, or the major Part of them present, next after Midsummer next, and afterwards at their General Quarter Searcher;, Sessions of the Peace to be held next after Easter yearly and every Year, choose and appoint !o many Men of good Character and Repute within the said Riding, who have served Apprenticeship to the Trade of making Narrow Cloth, or who shall have exercised such Trade for the Space of three Years, as they shall think reasonable, to be Searchers for the Year ensuing, and may allow to each of them in<t allow ihcra i such a Salary, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; which said Searchers shall and may have Salimt: s full Power at all seasonable and convenient Times to enter into and inspect all such Mills, Shops,

Warehouses and tenter grounds of Makers, Merchants or Dealers in Narrow Cloth, as they shall think proper; and if they think fit, to measure the Length and Breadth of any Cloth which they shall suspect

to be overstretched or (trained in Length or Breadth: And all and every such Searcher and Search Searchers to be

ers, before he or they shall enter upon the Execution of his or their said Office, shall take the following vvqrn'

Oath before one of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will well and truly execute the Office of a Searcher of Narrow Woollen The Oath*X Cloth within the iveji Riding of the County of York.

'So help me God

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed to case of the

be a Searcher of such Cloth, shall happen to die during the Year for which he is so appointed to nefc of^ny

be a Searcher, or shall, by Sickness or any other Accident, be rendered incapable of executing the Searcher,

said Office, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of another to be the said Riding, living near to the Place where such Searcher did or shall reside, to appoint some other appointe proper Person (qualified as aforesaid) to supply the Place of such Searcher until the next Quarter sessions,

to be there by the major Part of the Justices present confirmed, or another Person appointed in his Place; and the Person so confirmed or appointed shall take the same Oath, and be inverted with the same Powers, and liable to the same Penalties for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Searchers elected or to be elebled at the Quarter sessions by virtue of this at are or ought to be.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Piece of such Narrow Cloth shall Clothes stamped bemeasuredby the Maker or Owner of the said Coth after it is brought from the Mill, and before it be '°dbe set upon the Tenter; and if such Maker or Owner finds such Cloth, upon measuring thereof, to be Iefs re' a'than the Measure stamped thereupon at the Mill, either in Length or Breadth, or if such Cloth, by lying wet in an improper Season for drying, shall fall short of the Measure so stamped thereupon, that

then, and in such Case, the Maker or Owner of such Cloth shall carry or send the same to the Millman,

or Owner or Occupier of the fulling mill, and to the Searcher, who measured and stamped the same, to be by them re measured and re stamped with the true Length and Breadth thereof; and in case

any Maker or Owner of such Cloth shall neglect so to do, every such Maker or Owner shall, for every on Penalty f

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings. 5S'

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hun Makers to dred and thirty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for the Maker or Owner of such Cloth, to stretch stretch every such Piece of Narrow Cloth one Inch in every Yard in Length, and two Inches in ever three portions r" Quarters of a Yard in Breadth, and foin Proportion for every Piece of Narrow Cloth of greater Length

or Breadth; but if any Maker, Buyer, Owner, Dresser or Dealer in such Narrow Cloth shall, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, drain or stretch, or cause any such Cloth to be drained or stretched, above the Proportions herein before mentioned, either in Length or Breadth, every such Person so offending shall forfeit for the first half yard in Length, or first Inch in Breadth, so overstretched, the Sum of ten Shillings, and for every other half yard in Length, or half inch in Breadth, the Sum of twenty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall take Stamps not to off, or in any Manner alter, deface, obliterate, counterfeit or cut out any of the said Seals, or any of be obiitcrated the Figures or Letters stamped thereupon, or any Letter or Letters fetor woven in such Cloth, before

the same shall be sold or cut by the Retailer, or exported to Parts beyond the Seas by the Merchant or Dealer, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding threepence for Expenses of every such Narrow Cloth made or milled within the said jvejl Riding of the said County of York (which the Act, C Sum shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding at their General tobepald quarter sessions, or the major Part of them then present, next after Midsummer next, and afterwards at

their General Quarter sessions after Easter yearly and every Year) shall be paid by every Maker or Owner of such Cloth, before the same is carried to the fulling mill, to such Person or Persons as the said Justices of the Peace shall appoint to receive the same; and that all and every of the Sums of Money so raised shall be applied to defray the Charges and Expenses in obtaining this Act, and to pay the Salaries of Searchers, and to defray the other necessary Expenses of putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner and Proportion as the said Justices of the Peace at their said Quarter sessions yearly, or the major Part of them then present, shall direct and appoint.

3-6

The mir«mr»n or Searcher to detain Cloth till the Money is paid.

Offences against this A how to be determined.

Penalties how to be disposed of,

and recovered, il not paid.

Prosecutions against Mill men, C to be commenced within 8 Days,

or against Clothiers and Dealers in Cloth, within i Month after the Offence.

Liberty of Appeal to the quarter sefii ons.

Matters may make Cloth of what Length and Breadth they think fit.

C 28. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for such Mill man, or Owner or Occupier of every such fulling mill, or such Searcher, or such other Person,

the faici Justices shall appoint to receive the Money to be so settled and ascertained to be paid for every such Piece of Narrow Cloth as aforesaid to detain such Cloth at the fulling mill till the Money so payable for the same shall be paid; and in case the Maker or Owner of such Cloth shall neglect or refuse to pay the same for the Space of eight Days after the same is demanded, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Person so appointed to receive the said Money, to feil one or more Pieces of the said Cloth for the best Price that can reasonably be got for the same, and to detain so much Money as shall then be due from the Owner of the said Cloth by virtue of this Act, out of the Money arising by such Sale, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner of such Cloth or his Assigns '

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Offences in this Act mentioned shall be inquired of, heard and determined by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in the said Riding, not being Dealers in the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, or in buying or selling the same, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, reasonable Notice being fit ft given to the Person or Persons who shall be charged with, or accused of, any Offence or Offences against this Act; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall or may happen by reason of this a tt, shall, after Conviction be paid into the Hands of tyre Justice or Justices of tyre Peace before whom the Parties offending shall happen to be convicted, who shall and is hereby authorised and required faster, the Charges of Conviction are deducted) to pay one Moiety thereof to the Informer who shall inform, file or prosecute for the same, and to pay the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the said West Riding of the County of York at the next Quarter sessions to be held for the said Riding after the said Penalty shall be so paid, to be applied towards defraying the Expenses of carrying this act into Execution, in such Manner as the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding at their said Quarter sessions shall direcb and appoint; and if any Offender or Offenders so convicted shall, by the Space of ten Days next after his, her or their Conviction (Notice being thereof given to him, her or them, at Iris, her or their dwelling house or last Place of Abode) neglect or refuse to pay any Penalty or Forfeiture by him, her or them incurred by reason of this act:, or shall not appeal to the Quarter sessions as herein after is provided that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, not being a Dealer in Woollen Cloth, upon a Certificate of such Conviction, to issue out one or more Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals to the Constable of the Town or Place, or to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Liberties, Wapentakes or Limits where such Offender or Offenders do or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the same by di stress and Sale of such offender's Goods and Chattles, returning the Overplus (if any be) after paying the Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners thereof who shall demand the same; and if no sufficient Distress can be found, then to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said West Riding, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That all Informations and Prosecutions whatsoever, which shall be brought or prosecuted for any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in this act mentioned, against any mill man, or Owner or Occupier of any fulling mill, or against any Searcher to be appointed in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced and prosecuted within eight Days after the Cloth, touching which such Offence shall arise, shall be removed from the fulling mill; and that all Informations or Prosecutions against any Clothier or Maker of, or Dealer in Cloth, shall be commenced within one Month after the Cloth, touching which such Offence shall arise, is sold and delivered out of his, her or their Custody; that all other Prosecutions and Informations against any other Persons whatsoever for any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in this act mentioned shall be commenced or brought within one Month after the Offence is committed.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him or herself aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon any Conviction before him or them in pursuance of this act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter sessions to be held after fourteen Days from such Conviction, for the said Riding of the said County of York, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which the Conviction was made; and if the Justices at their said Quarter sessions shall think fit either to confirm or disannul the Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby, as they (half think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner, as is usual in Cases of Appeals from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, whose Order herein shall be final.

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Clothier, or Maker of Narrow Woollen Cloth, in the said West Riding of the said County of York, to make every Piece of Narrow Woollen Cloth (except as before excepted) to be by him made, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, of such Length and Breadth as he shall think fit; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas several of the said Narrow coloured Clothes are made in the said West Riding of the County of York, and in Times of great Drought or Frost, and at some other Times, are most conveniently milled in the adjacent Parts of the Counties of Lancaster, Chester or Derby, where no Mill and Cloth Searchers are by this Act appointed to put in Execution the several Powers hereby granted, and afterwards the same Clothes are exposed to Sale in the said West Riding of the hid Coun ty of York ft It is hereby further enacted, That for the better Regulation thereof, all and every such

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 29^ 30. 317

Cloth or Clothes made in the West Riding of the County of York, and so milled in the said Counties of Directions for Lancaster, Chester or Derby, shall, before they are dried and tentered, be brought to the nearest Millman

and Cloth Searcher in the said West Riding of the said County of York to be by this Act appointed, of York, and 5

and be by them measured, and have their Lengths and Breadths damped and affixed thereto, and shall milled in adja

be in every other respect conformable to the same Regulations and Payments as such Clothes are, which "nt Counties.

are both made and milled in the said west Riding; and in Default thereof the Makers or Venders of such Clothes as aforesaid shall be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as those are, who both make

and mill Clothes in the said West Riding of the County of York.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Addon or Aaion? to be Suit after the Commencement of this Act shall be brought, commenced, lued or prosecuted against any Com'

Person or Persons, by this Act authorised to put the lame or any Part thereof in Execution, in every r'such Case the Action shall be laid in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; every such Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted may to such Action or Suit plead the General Issue, and give this Act General Issue. -. the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Addons shall be brought in any other County, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and that upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Treble Costs. Coifs, for which he and they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases wherein Cofis are by Law given to Defendants: And that this Act shall be taken and allowed as a Public Act, in all Courts within this Public at. Kingdom; and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as gee farther such, without specially pleading the same. i^gm. 2. r. jy.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for repairing the p.oad from Shoreditch Church through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of middle fete.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 1 June 1738, for 21 Years.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the estates forfeited ly the Attainder of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe.

WHEREAS James late Earl of Derwentwater was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven preamble, re hundred and fifteen attainted of high Treason, and executed for the same: And whereas citingtkejuis Charles Radcliffe was also attainted of high Treason in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun

and sixteen': And whereas by virtue of an Act of Parliament in the first Year of the Reign of 1 Geo. 1. c. 50. 4 his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Efates of certain Traitors and Popish Recusants, and of Efates given to superstitious Uses, in order to,

raise Money out of them severally for the tjfe of the Public., and of one other 'Act made in the ninth 9 Geo. 1. CL 19.

Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the

Coh age of Moneys; and for Relief of William late Lord Widdrington; and to prevent foreign Lotteries being carried on in this Kingdom and fr ascertain! g the Duties on bound Books imported, and for if king Certificates and Debentures for Arrears due to five Regiments, to be satisfied by Annuities therein mentioned;

and for discharging the Duties of Rock Salt lost on the Rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the

Times of Continuance of Commissioners for forfeited Efates England and Scotland respectively, and for

appropriating the Supplies granted to his Majesty in that Session of Parliament; and to rectify Misnomers

and Omiffons of Commissioners for the Land Tax, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three;

and of one other Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Geoj2 e,

making void the federal Contracts for the Sale of the Efate of James late Earl of Derwentwater, to Willliam Smith Esquire, and also of the Annuity of two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe,

and the Arrears thereof to Matthew White Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the same, and of other Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Reign of his said late maje'y, the Barony, Manor or Lordship of Langley in the County of Northumberland, and diverse other Manors,

Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents and Hereditaments belonging to him the said fames late Earl of Derwentwater, and the said Charles Radcliffe, became veiled in his then Majesty, and afterwards in his present Majesty, for the Use of the Public: And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and?

profits of the Efates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe; e' a' 4 the said Premhles are continued veiled in his present Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the Rents,

Blues and Profits thereof, are appropriated for the Use and Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, according to the Directions of the said Act, subject to such Encumbrances as are contained in the said Act: And whereas the said premisses being by the said last mentioned Act veiled as 1 aforesaid in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in his politic Capacity, which in Consideration of Law never dies, it may create a Doubt, whether the Tenants of the said Estates ought to do such

Acts

3j8 C 30.

Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

See 21 Geo. 2. c. 52.

Tennnts of the raid Estates to

Acts and Services, and pay such Fines and Sums of Money on the Death of his present Majesty

(whom God long preserve for the Benefit of his People) or on the Death of any future King or

Queen of this Realm, as by the Nature and Tenure of their Estates, founded upon immemorial Usage and Custom, or otherwise, they ought to have done and performed and paid on the Death of any Lord thereof, in case such Lord was a subject; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the Death of his present Majesty, and also upon the Death of every fuecellive King and Queen of this Realm, all such u°)on an Services shall be, done and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money shall be paid by the Death' of the respective Tenants of the said Estates to every Successor of his Majesty, or, in case any of the Paid

the King or his Estates shall be sold, to such other Persons who shall be the Owner thereof, as by the ancient Tenure

fh»cc\vc'e'a8, f 1 hereof, or by any Contract, Law, Usage or Custom ought to be done, performed and paid by them, in vute Persons.1" case such King or Queen so dying was considered as a private Person only, and not in his or her Politic Capacity; and for Default of Performance of such Acts and Services, which ought so to be done and performed, and for Default of Payment of any such Fines and Sums of Money, which ought so to be paid, such Forfeitures and Penalties shall accrue and become due, and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and for all and every Person and Persons by him or them appointed, or who shall be then Owner of the said Estates, or any of them, to use and take all such Ways and Means for recovering and taking Advantage of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, as might be lawfully used or taken by any Lord of the said Estates, in case such King or Queen so dying was considered as a private Person only,

To be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

Method for

wmy, and not in his or her Politic Capacity; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: which said Fines, Sums of Money, Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall accrue and become due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during his and their Interest therein, shall be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich.

II. And whereas there are growing or Handing on the said Estates large Quantities of Timber, which if sold might raise a considerable Part of the money with which the said Estates are now incum bred, and be otherwise a Benefit to the said Hospital: whereas some Doubt hath been raised £ Method ought to be taken for the Sale of the Timber on the said Estates; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Attorney General of his selling the Tim Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their Direction to apply to his Majesty's Court of ex heroi the said chequer at Westminster by Motion in a summary Way for the Sale of all or of such Part or Parts of the Timber on the said Estates, or any of them, while the same shall remain unsold, from time to time and at all Times as shall be thought fit; upon which Motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer to make such Order or Orders, and give such Directions for the Sale or Sales of such Timber, and other Orders and Directions therein, as the said Court shall think proper Money thence and the Money arising by such Sale or Sales fhalhbe applied by the Direction of the said Court to the arising how to Discharge of the said Encumbrances, and in the mean time be paid by the Purchasers into the Court

e pp le. of Exchequer, or to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or be placed out in such Go

cenc&m»gsea vernment or other Securities, and in the Names of such Persons, as the said Court shall direct; and

'{test 'n case there shall happen to be any Surplus of the said Money, the same shall be applied in the first

&' Place for and towards the finifiling and completing the Building of the said Royal Hospital; and after

14 G. 2. C 38. the Building of the same Royal Hospital shall be completed and finished, for and towards the Support 'igz'. 2. f.v". he said Royal Hospital, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Royal Hospital, worn r. 3s.' out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; and after thfe said Encumbrances shall be to C 52- tally discharged, then all the Produce of or Money arising by the Sale or Sales of any Timber on the f To' Estates shall be from time to time and at all Times wholly appropriated and applied to the Use of the said Hospital.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Sign Manual, to authorise the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, according to their discretions to direct the cutting down from time to time such Timber from off the said Estates, to be used in the repairing any Houses, Tenements, Buildings or Erections on the said Estates; and also in the building any new Houses, Tenements, Buildings or Erections on the said Estates, as they shall judge necessary for any Tenants of the said Estates, and to be for the Benefit or Improvement thereof.

IV. And whereas in and by the said last mentioned act there is a Powrer lodged in the said Court of Exchequer, upon Application as thereby directed, to make such Orders, and give such Directions, as the said Court shall think proper, for the Sale or Sales of the absolute Fee Simple and Inheritance 1 of such Part or Parts of the said Premises so forfeited and vested in his Majesty as aforesaid, and charged with the respective Mortgages and Encumbrances in the said Act mentioned, as (hold be (Efficient to discharge the same; except an Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year in the said act mentioned: And whereas the rest of the said Premises so forfeited and vested in his Majesty, or some.

of them, which are not charged with the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, may by reason of their lying intermixed and in common with the Estates ot other Persons or otherwise, be more convenient to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, than such of the said Premises wdiich are so charged, or some of them -; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards the Discharge of the said Mortgages and Encumbrances (except the said Annuity of one hundred Pounds a Year and not chargedtiy saje otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Attorney General of his Majesty, his Heirs and of any of the s.uccessors, by his and their Direction, to apply to his Majesty's said Court of Exchequer by Motion in 8 a summary

20 Geo. 2.

22 Geo. 2.

24 Geo. 2.

31 Geo. 2.

2 Geo. 3. C His Majesty to order the cutting down of such Timber.

31.

Encumbrances may he dif

Prcinifles.

A.D. 173$. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 30. 319

a luminary Way for the Sale or Sales to any Person or Persons, being Protestants, of the Fee Simple

and Inheritance of any of the said Premisses so forfeited, and verted

+in his Majesty as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, which are not charged with the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, as shall be thought most convenient to be sold and disposed of; upon which Motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to make such Order or Orders for inquiring into the Convenience of the Sale of the same, and upon Report thereof, to make such Order or Orders, and give such Directions for such Sale or Sales thereof, as the said Court shall judge proper, and for causing public Notice to be given of such Sale or Sales, as is usual in Cases of Estates directed to be sold by Decrees in Courts of Equity; and to make and give such other Orders and Directions therein, as to that Court in their

Discretion shall seem just; the Money arirtng by such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the Direction of the said Court for or towards tyre Discharge of the said Encumbrances, or some of them, and in the

mean time be paid by the Purchasers into the Court of Exchequer, or to the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, or be placed out in such Government or other Securities, and in the Names of such Persons, as the said Court shall direct; and in case there shall happen to be any Surplus of the said Purchase Money, the same shall be applied for the Benefit of the said Hospital; and upon Pay Purchasers to '

ment and Application of such Purchase Money as aforesaid, one or more Grant or Grants, Assurance ^ro^rantj

+or Assurances, of such Parts and Parcels of the said Estates and Premisses as shall be so sold and paid for as aforesaid, shall be made and parted under the Great Seal of Great Britain to every such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns; and all and every Person and Persons making any such Purchase, and having any such Grant or Grants, Assurance or Assurances as aforesaid, shall from the Time of making such Grant or Grants, Assurance or Assurances, be, and are hereby adjudged to be, seized of and entitled to the absolute Fee Simple, and in the actual Possession of such Part and Parts of the said Premises as shall be so purchased and conveyed.

V. And whereas in and by the said last mentioned Act of Parliament it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to authorise and empower the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, to grant Leases of the Pre misses or any Part or Parts thereof, during such Term of Years, and upon the Conditions of the said Act mentioned; and amongst other Things it is thereby ordered, that no Clause be contained in any of the said Leases, giving Power to any Lessee to commit Waste, or exempting him, her or them from Punishment for committing the same: And whereas within and under several of the said Lands and Premises are contained several Mines of Lead, Coal, and other Minerals, as well opened as not opened, which will probably turn to a very great Profit unto the said Royal Hospital, for the winning and working whereof it will be necessary to make and fink Pits, Trenches, Groves, Drifts, Water gates and water courses, and to do several other Acts and Things within and upon the said lands and Grounds, which may be reckoned and deemed to be committing Waste within the Meaning of the said adtto the End therefore that the said Mines and Minerals, as well unopened as opened, may be effectually won and wrought for the Benefit of the said Hospital; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Con Power to lease tinuance of his or their Estate in the Premises, by Sign Manual, to authorise the Commissioners and withi*' Governors of the said Hospital, or any seven or more of them, to demise and grant all and everyor ^premisses. any of the said Mines and Minerals, as well unopened as opened, for any Number of Years not exceeding twenty one Years, to take Effect in Possession and not in Reversion, reserving the bell Rents or Dues that can be reasonably gotten for the same, without taking any Fine, Premium or free Gift, with full Liberty to the respective Lessees to win and work the same Mines and Minerals, and to do every Act and Thing requisite and necessary for that Purpose, without reckoning or deeming the same to be Waste, so as there be contained in all such Leases a Condition of re entry for nonpayment of Rent, and so as the respective Lessees execute counter parts of such Leases.

VI. And whereas the Fines, Customs and Services, by and under which several of the Tenants hold their Farms, Lands, Tenements and Estates, lying and being within several of the said Ma 4 nors, are agreed, ascertained or expressed in some Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing, now or late in the Custody or Power of some of the said Tenants, who refuse to produce or show the'

same, which if produced might be a Means to prevent Disputes, Differences and Suits concerning the said Fines, Customs and Services, and for the Quiet and Benefit both of the Lord and Tenants; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Method ofob and for the Attorney General of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his or their dire6fion, to^ro^t to apply to his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster by Motion in z summary Way against duce Writings any Tenant or Tenants holding any Farms, Lands, Tenements or Estates, lying and being with relating to in the said Manors, or any of them, of whose having in his, her or their Custody or Power any Fines such Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing probable Evidence shall be shewed to the Satisfaction of the said Court, for such Tenant or Tenants to produce and shew forth the same; upon which Motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Exchequer to examine and inquire into the said Matter, and to make such Order or Orders with respect to the producing and (liewing forth any such Articles, Indenture, Deed or Writing, by any such Tenant or Tenants appearing to the said Court to have the same in his, her or their Custody or Power, and with respect to any Copy or Copies to be had and made thereof, and such other Order and Orders concerning the same, as the said court shall think proper and just.

VII. And whereas it may be a considerable Time before the said Mortgages and Encumbrances can be discharged by Sale of a competent Part of the said Premises for that Purpose, and the Inte rest of the principal Money due thereon is partly at the Rate of five Pounds for one hundred Pounds,

32°

and to reduce die Rates of Mortgages.

Troviso.

Seven com xnillioners to act.

[Public Act.]

His Majesty's,

nor the Claimants Rights in the Premises, hereby prejudiced.

See i Geo. 2. c. 52.

Act 13 Eliz. c. 12.;

Act 13 & 14, Car. 2. C 4,

C 31. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

Pounds, and } ai tly at the Rate of six Pounds for one hundred Pounds for a Year and it will be a Be ' nefit to the said Hospital for the said Money to be at a less Rate; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, by Sign Manual to authorise the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, to agree with the respective Mortgagees and Incumbrancers of the said Premises in the said last mentioned Act named, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or any of them, for any less Rate or Interestfor the principal Money due on their Securities respectively, than the same is now at; and in case the said Mortgagees and Incumbrancers shall not so agree, then to agree with any other Person or Persons for the advancing Money at any less Rate or Interest than aforesaid, for paying off the principal Money due on the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, or any of them, upon the same being assigned unto such Person or Persons respectively so advancing such Money.

VIII. Provided always, That such Alignments shall be made for the respective principal Money only of the said Mortgages and Encumbrances, or any of them, and for the Interest of such principal Money to grow due from and after the.making of such Alignments respectively; and that the said principal Money and Interest thereof in all such Alignments shall be made payable at the End of six Months at the farthest from the Day of the making of such Alignments respectively.

IX. And whereas it maybe doubtful on the Words of the said last mentioned, whether any Lease can be goodbye virtue of the said Act, unless executed by all the Commissioners, which will be im practicable Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by his and their Sign Manual to authorise and empower the Commissioners and Governors for the time being, or any seven or more of them, from time to time during the Continuance of his Majesty's Interest in the premisses, to grant i.eases thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner, for such Terms, and under such Restrictions, as in the said last mentioned Act and in this present a.dt are for that Purpose expressed and contained, reserving the Rents thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which Rents shall be received and applied in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause and Matter therein, shall by all and every Judge and Judges and other Person and Persons be construed and adjudged as largely and beneficially in all Courts of Law and Equity, and all other Places, as can be for theends and Purposes herein expressed, and is hereby declared to be a Public Act of Parliament; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special pleading the same.

XI. Saving always to the King's moult Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in, unto, or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might have had or been entitled unto, in case this Act had never been made (other than and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand, as was or is vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the several Attainders herein before mentioned, or either of them, or of the said recited Acts of Parliament, or any of them; and other than and except such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim or Demand, which his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, hath or may have in or to such Part or Parts of the said Premises, which shall be sold pursuant to the Directions of this Act) anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Saving also to the said several Mortgagees and Imcumbrancers in the aforesaid Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty named (till they shall be paid off as aforesaid) and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in, unto, or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof (except such Part or Parts of the said Premises which shall be sold pursuant to the Directions of this Act) as they or any of them might have had or been in titled unto, in case this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to read the Prayers and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes. Persons qualifying themselves according to the said Acts by z8 Nov. 1738, and taking the Oaths of Office by i Aug. 1738. indemnified. All Persons ret iquired by Law to read the Articles of Religion, and the Prayers, indemnified, if they do so by 24 Dec. 1738. This Act not to restore Persons to Places already forfeited.

EXP.

s

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 32. -i21

CAP. XXXII.

An act for enlarging the Time granted by an at passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled An act.Ail for enlarging the Time granted by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Miss or making a convenient Dock or Basin at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpool; and for enlarging the same, by making an additional Dork, and building a Pier in the open' Harbour, there; and for Enlightening the said Dock. P r.f.;. j,.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Preamble, ir queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Basin at Liverpool, for the Sccu citing n'rhy of all Ships trading to and from the said Port i liverpool, the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and 8 Anne >3 ' Common Council of the Borough of Liverpool, were empowered to make a wet Dock or Basin, with Wharves, Sluices, and Canals, in and upon a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground in the said Act mentioned, which had been appointed and set apart by an Order of the said Common Council for that Purpose, and certain Rates, Tonnage, Keelage, and Duties upon f all Ships, Vessels, Barks, or Lighters (except the queen's Ships of War and others employed in her then majesty's Service) tra ding or coming into or out of the said.port of Liverpool "with any Goods or Merchandise, 'were by the said Act granted or directed to be levied and paid to the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council for the time being, and their Successors, or to their, Collectors or Deputies, to be from time to time appointed, for the Term of twenty-one Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, and to be applied for the building and repairing the said new Dock, cor Basin, and other "Works in and about the same, and for securing, preferring, amending, and maintaining the said Dock or Basin, and Harbour of Liverpool, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council for the time being, and their Successors, were thereby empowered, by Indenture under their Common Seal, to convey or affute the Duties granted by the said Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for the Ends and Purposes of the said Adito any Person or Persons that should advance such Sum or Sums of Money upon such Security, which Money so to be borrowed was thereby direct ed to be employed for and towards the building and erecting the said Dock or Basin, and other e Works for the securing, preserving and amending the said Dock or Basin; the Duties granted by the said Act should not be at any Time conveyed and made a Security. for or charged with any greater or farther Sum than six thousand Pounds: And it was by the said Act further enacte, !, That from and after the said Term of twenty-one Years, 'and so long as the said Dock or Basin and other Works (hold be continued or kept up, there (houkl be paid to the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs,

and Common Council for the time being, and their successors, not exceeding one fourth Part of the Rates and Duties therein mentioned, to be collected, levied, paid, and accounted for, in the fune Manner, and under the Penalties and Forfeitures therein also mentioned and provided, for the col ledling, levying, paying, and accounting for the Rates and Duties first mentioned in the said Act ' and it was also thereby enacted, That there should be nine Commissioners to inspeil the Accounts of all the Collections, Receipts and Disbursements of all such Moneys, as Should be coiledted and levied by virtue of the said Act, whereof three were to be nominated yearly by the Mayor, Aldermen, Bay' lists, and Common Council of the said Borough of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, other threeto be in like Manner nominated and appointed by Justices of the Peace for the County of Late caster at the Sessions held at Ormeskirk, and other three to be in like Manner nominated by the Justice of Peace for the County Palatine of Chester, at their several and respective Sessions held yearly after 1 Ecfler; which said Commissioners so nominated, or any five of them, were thereby authorised, from time to time, giving due Notice, to call before them the Collectors, Receivers and others, who had been or should be intruded with the Receipt, Collection, and Employment of the Moneys received and collected - in pursuance of the said Act, who should be required to render such Accounts to the said Commissioners, or any live of them; and the said Commissioners were thereby empowered to order and appoint all such Moneys which should rest due on such Account, to be laid out and expended to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and to and for no other lye whatsoever:

And whereas by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of the reign of his 3 Cko. noi late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Time granted by the said Act passed in the printed, eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, all and every the Sum and Sums of

[Money, Rates, Tonnage, Keelage, and Duties granted and directed to be leyied by the faic) first re cited Act; and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Exceptions therein mentioned, concerning the Collection and Payment of the said Duties, and Management of the said Dock or Basin, and other Works, were continued and enacted, and clcclards to' be in Force, from anti after the Expiration of the said Term of twenty-one Years (for which the same were granted by the said former Act) for and during, and unto the full End and Term of fourteen Years from thence next ensuing, and fully to be conipleat and ended; and it was by the said Act of the third Year of his said late majesty's Reign enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be collect: d ' and received by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, and the said former Act, (hold be appropriated Vol. VI Tt* and

322 C 33. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738.

and employed, as well towards satisfying, paying, and discharging all and any Sum and Sums of

Money borrowed, advanced, or received by the said Trustees, over and above the said Sum of six thousand Pounds, as for and towards carrying on, completing, and finishing the said Dock or Basin,

and all other Works in and about' the same, and erecting and placing such proper Land Marks,

Buoys, and other Directions at the Mouth and Entrance into the said Harbour, as by the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation for the time be ing, Should be thought needful or proper; and that after the Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years, the fourth Part of the said Duties granted in and by the said former Act (hold com

and take Place, and not before; and the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Borough 4. and Corporation for the time being were by the said last recited Act empowered, 'by Indenture or other Writing under the Common Seal of the said Borough and Corporation, to convey and secure,

as well all such of the Duties granted by the said former Act for the said Term of twenty-one Years as were not then conveyed, as also the Duties continued and granted by the said Act of the third Year of his said late Majesty, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed for the Ends and Purposes of the said several Acts, to any Person or Persons that should advance such Sum or Sums of Money upon such Security, so that the Duties thereby granted should not at any Time be £ charged with a greater or further Sum than four thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Dock or Basin hath been made, finished and perfedled, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, and made capable of taking, receiving, and harbouring a considerable Number of Ships, which has tend ed to the Increase of Navigation, and Improvement of Trade, within the said Town and Port of LI 4 xhrpool; and in order to enable the Trustees to finish and complete the said Dock or Basin, they bor rowed and took up upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, several Sums of Money, and there now remains due to the Persons who advanced and lent the same on that Account, the Principal Sum of Four thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds at Interest: And whereas by reason of the Straitness of the Entrance into the said Dock or Basin from the open Harbour of Liverpool, the Navigation in

and from the said Dock or Basin is greatly obstructed, and Ships and Vessels lying in the said Dock or Basin are frequently prevented from getting out to Sea, and Ships and Vessels lying in the Harbour without the said Dock or Basin, are frequently forced on Shore and lost, to the great Damage of the Merchants and Owners of Ships, and the Trade of the said Town and Port of Liverpool: And whereas in case the said Dock or Basin was enlarged, and a Pier erected and built in the open Har bour of Liverpool, on the North Side of the Entrance into the said Dock or Basin, such loltes, Mif chiefs, and Inconveniences might in a great Measure be prevented, and the Harbour be rendered more safe and commodious for the lying, lading, and unlading of Ships and other Vessels resort ing thereto, or trading within the said Port; and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Coun cil of the said Borough and Corporation of Liverpool have agreed to grant another Piece of Ground,

containing seven Acres, or thereabouts, Parcel of the Ground belonging to the said Corporation, ad joining to the Entrance into the said Wet Dock or Basin on the North and South Sides of such En trance, wherein such Pier and additional Dock may be made and erected, to be held, used, applied, and enjoyed for that Purpose for ever; and have also agreed to lay out, apply, and advance out of the Common Stock of the said Corporation the Sum of one thousand Pounds, for accomplishing so necessary and useful a Work: But as the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of and under the said recited Acts, and the Sum so agreed to be contributed and advanced by the said Corporation, will not be sufficient to answer the Expenses of such new Works, and discharge the Debt, due on the Securities made in pursuance of the said former Acts, a Design so useful and beneficial to the said Town and Port of Liverpool, and to the Trade and Navigation of the Kingdom cannot be effected and carried into Execution, unless the said former Acts, and the Terms, Rates, and Duties thereby grant ed and continued be enlarged, and other Provisions made for the Purposes before mentioned; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Isc.

Continuation of the Acts % Ann. and 3 Geo. 1. Duties assignable for Money borrowed. 12 Commissioners appointed. The Dock to be kept in Repair by a Fourth of the Rates. Corporation im powered to purchase Ground, (sfe. by Agreement with the Owners, or by Determination of a Jury;

and the Corporation to give final Judgement thereon. On Payment of the Moneys, the Corporation to be indemnified for using the Grounds, lac. Lamps to be setup about the Dock, and charged upon the Rates."

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby in the County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Brass in the said County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby, through the Town of ash bortie in the said County of Derby to Hurdloe House in the Parish of Hartington, in the said County. PR. J

Certain Tolls are granted from 24 June 1738, for z 1 Years. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. jc. 20.

G 34-35- 323

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain Fens called Cawdle Fen,

waterden, and Redmoor, and one Piece of Fen Ground called The Holts, in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

PR.

WHEREAS certain Fens and Low Grounds, lying and being in Ely, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and within the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, containing in the Whole eight hundred and fifty Acres, or thereabouts, and hereafter mentioned and t described; that is to say. All that Fen called Cawdle Fen, containing three hundred and thirteen Acres,

or thereabouts, beginning from the River Owze next a Farm called Brabant Farm, and from thence all t along under Cawdle Fen Drove to Stoncbridge, and from thence, to Gcntsbridge, including the Holts, and t from thence to the Bank next, the said River Oivze up to the said Farm called Brahqm Farm exclu t ding the hill piece of Mr. needham's Heirs, called the brick kiln Grounds, containing five Acres) and all that Fen called jvaterden Fen, containing two hundred and ninety four Acres, or thereabouts, be ginning next Turbefey Farm from sandys's Cut up to the Milking Hill, and from thence all along the ( Drove I Cay under New Barns Farm to Claway Drove, and from thence to Chnvay h.use, along sandys's Cut, up to the said Turbefey Farm (excluding four Acres of Ground belonging to William Cole Esquire

Thijllcy Corner next the Milking Hill, and two Acres of Ground more belonging to Mr. Robert t Lightfoot, lying next the Ground of the said William Cole, and two Acres of Ground more belonging t to Thomas Buttey, lying next the Ground of the said Robert Lightfoot, and two Acres of Ground more { belonging to the said Robert Lightfoot, lying next the Ground of the said Thomas Buttey, and four ( Acres of Ground more belonging to Mr. jcuham c.authorne, lying next the lad mentioned Ground of the said Robert Lightfoot, and four Acres of Ground more belonging to Mr. Thomas Auhgier, abutting on New Barnes Farm) and all that Fen called Redmoor Fen, containing two hundred and fortyfive Acres, or thereabouts, beginning from sandys's Cut next Clayway Drove, up to the Drove Way under t New Barnes Farm, up to Chettisham Field, along another Drove Way leading up to the King's High way under woodbouj'e Farm, and from thence to Mr. Henry Morless kiln docking down to sandys's Cut, up to Clay way Drove (excluding the two High Grounds belonging to Kettlesworth Farm) have for some Years lalf past been, and still are, overflowed with Waters through the Defect of their Outfalls to the Sea, by which Means the same are in Danger of being utterly lost, to the great Damage anil Impoverishment of the Owners of such Grounds: And whereas, notwithstanding the Powers and Provisions now in Force for draining and keeping dry the same by and under an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling 15 car.c. 17. ' the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, the said Fen Grounds cannot be pre served without the further Aid of Parliament, to enable the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fen ' Lands and Grounds to preserve and keep the same drained for the future, by which Means great Be ' nelit will not only accrue to the Public, but much Profit to the Owners of the said Fen Lands and Low grounds be it enacted, izfc,

"Commissioners authorised to cut Drains through, and erect Works on, the Fens for draining the m,

"making Satisfaction for Damages. Commissioners to assess the Owners of the Fens. Duties assign "for Money borrowed, at Interest not exceeding 5 /. percent, per Annum. Commissioners not to "aft, unless Owners of the 12 Acres of the said Fens. Commissioners not to intermeddle with the '* Works of tyre Conservators of Bedford Level; nor to obstruct the Navigation of the River Owze.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex.

PR.

WHEREAS the enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts, and keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night Time, within the great and populous Parish of Christ Church in the County of Middlesex, will be of great Importance, and tend not only to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, but for the common Safety and Benefit of all other Persons resorting to and from the Market kept within the said Parish, and all other Persons whose Affairs oblige them to pass and repass through the same, and very necessary to prevent, as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, and other Out ' rages and Disorders: whereas by the Laws now in being no effectual Provision is made for the enlightening the said Streets and other Places, or for the establishing, ordering, or well governing of such a Nightly Watch, or compelling of the Constable or Headboroughs to do his or their Duty, by watching in their several Turns, or for levying and coliefling any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application and just Account of any Money so levied and collected for that Purpose For Remedy of the aforesaid Inconveniences, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, itfe.

"The Vestry to appoint a proper Number and Sort of Lamps, kac. and to make Regulations and Con "Copies of such Regulations to be delivered to the Constables, C Vestry impowered to make

It: "a Pound

3-24 C 36-39. Anno undecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1738

a Pound Rate on the Inhabitants, to be collected quarterly or half yearly. The same not to excee 8 d. per Pound. Persons aggrieved may appeal to Quarter sessions. Persons paying these Rates, Lf<, not to gain any Settlement. Books of Account to be kept by the Vestry Clerk; and to be inspectei by any Inhabitant gratis. Penalties on breaking or damaging 'Lamps, Justices imp owered to hearam determine Offences against this act. Persons. the Rates exempt from the Penalties of the Ad 2 W. Si M. C 8. in relation to hanging out Lights, and from Watch and Ward."

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for enlarging the Terms and Poyrers granted by two acts of Parliament, one of the fourth, anc the other of the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads. from the Stones End in Kent. Street, in the Parish of Saint George in Southwark in the County o, Surrey (leading to that Lime Kilns in East Greenwich) to the first Mill Pond at South End, in the Parish of 'Lcivijhtfm in the County of Kent; and for amending the Road from Westminster Ferry at Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey, to New Cross in Deptford in the said County of Kent; and for amending and making the said Acts more effectual; and for amending the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid to the own of Dartford in the said County; and from a Place called Saint 'thomas a tcaterings, in the said Parish of Saint George, to the Stones End in Bermondsey 'Street in the said County of Surra. PR,

The Tolls, C 6 Geo. V c.' 26. are further continued for 38 Years. Continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 51.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act made in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen anne, for enlarging, amending and maintaining the Road between Northfleet, gravesend and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another Act made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Acts j and also for repairing the Highway from Northfleet aforesaid to Dartford in the said County.

PR.

The Tolls are further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for vesting the Real and Persona! Estate of Hugh Naif Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the same, intrustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

PR.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to enable the Adventurers, Owners and Proprietors of the Taxable Lands, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Free Lands, in Deeping Fens and other Fens in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned, to raise a competent Sum of Money for the effectual draining and future Preservation of all the said Fens, according tp their Agreement in that Behalf, and to carry the said Agreement into Execution, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for draining of the Fen cat ed Beeping Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned, Edward then Ear] of Manchefcr, and other Honourable Persons therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivors of them, were declared Undertakers for the draining the said Fens, in Trust to and for such Person and Persons, and to such Intents and Purposes as are therein mentioned; which said pens are deleribed by the said Act to be in Holland and Kef even in the County of Lincoln, and called or known by the Names of Deeping Fen, Pinchbeck, and Spalding South Fen, Thurlby Fen, Bourn South Fen, and Croyland Fen, otherwise gog gujhland, and contain in the whole about thirty thousand Acres and one third Part of the said Fens, being ten thousand and thirty-six Acres, or thereabouts, thentofore allotted to Thomas Lovell Esquire, therein named, his Heirs and Assigns, and five thousand Acres more of the said Fen Lands afterwards added thereto as a Recompense and Satisfaction for the Charges and expences which they had then before been at, and would be at, in and about the draining the said Fens, were vetted in the said true ftees, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, as to the said ten thousand and thirty-six Acres thereof now called the Taxable Lands, to be conveyed by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons, for such Estate and f.states, in such Manner as Thomas Earl of Bcrbfire, and others therein named, should appoint; and as for the said five thousand Acres, now called the Free Lands, in Trust for the said Earl of Berkshire, and others therein named, according to their respective Interests therein; and all the said Fen Lands to vested in the said Trustees as aforesaid, were by the said act to be fenced and iu closed by the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, against the Lords and Commoner of the relic!ue of the said Fens; and Liberty was thereby given for the said Lords and Commoners to enclose and fever and hold in Severalty such Quantities or" the rest of the said Fens, as should be proportional rr their rdpecliye Interests therein, subjeil.to the Powers given by the said Act to the said Trustees for

Preamble; reciting the Act j sj Car. z, C 1

A.D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 39. 325

1 draining the said Fens, as if those Lands had remained common and uninclosed: by the said Act ' it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for such Person and Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, or any Three or more of them, being then a real Owner of two hundred and fifty Acres of the said Lands or more within the said Fen, to whom the said Trustees, their Heirs or Af 4 signs, should execute any Estate or Estates of the said ten thousand and thirty-six Acres; or any Part thereof, to be Adventurers, and as Adventurers under the said Trustees, their Heirs or assigns,

in draining the said Fens, at all Times, and from time to time, from thenceforth to hold Meetings for such Purposes as in the said Act are more particularly mentioned; and to assess, rate, tax and charge all and every the Owner or Owners of the said ten thousand and thirty-six Acres of the said Lands,

4 by an equal and proportionable Acre Tax, for carrying on and effecting the said Work, and to appoint the Payment thereof at such Times and Places as they should diredi; and in Default of Payment of such Rates to sell lb much of the defaulter's Lands for Payment thereof, as to them should seem meet, in inch Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, as by the said Act is in that Be 4 half directed; subject nevertheless to the Conditions and Forfeitures contained in the said Act; And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Fens in Lincolnshire,

called Deeping Fens; the Meetings of the said Undertakers so qualified as aforesaid were appointed to

4 be held for ever thereafter at the Town of Spalding, on the Thwfday next after the Second Sunday in n r'n>' April yearly, for laying the said Tax, and the Time for Payment thereof was appointed to be on the Tenth Day of October then next following; and if the same should not be paid on or before the Tenth Day of November then next following, then the same with the Penalty thereby to be iniposed 4 (not exceeding the third Part of the said Tax) should be levied by Sequestration and Sale of the Lands of the Defaulters, at such Time, and in such Manner, as by the said Aril is diiebted; and that no Tax for draining or preferring the, said Fens should at any Time thereafter he taxed or levied at any other Time, or in any other Manner than as aforesaid; And whereas the said ten thousand and thirty-six Acres, and the said five thousand Acres of the said Lands, have been Jong since fenced and enclosed by the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to tyre Powers given by the said first recited Act in that Behalf; and the same and all the rest of the said Fens were long since drained and kept drained for some Years; yet notwithstanding all the Endeavours that have been ttfed by the late and present Owners and Proprietors of the said Taxable Lands for many Years, to preserve and keep all the said Fen Lands drained, the same have for several Years last past been and now are so overflowed with Waters through the Defects of their Outfalls to Sea and other Causes, that little or no Profit can be made of them, to the great Loss and Damage of the Owners and Proprietors as well of the said Free Lands as Taxable Lands, and to the Impoverishment of the Commoners having Right of Common in the rest of the said Fens, being about Fifteen thousand Acres, and for which laid Causes and Reasons about four thousand Acres of the said Taxable Lands have become forfeited for Nonpayment of the draining Taxes charged thereon, and may be sold by the said Adventurers, or any three of them, so qualified as aforesaid, by virtue of the said several recited Acts or one of them;

And forasmuch as the said Fens can never be made profitable, unless some new Methods be taken to re cover the same, and which according to a Scheme and Estimate made thereof will ccft about fifteen thousand Pounds; and forasmuch also as it is provided and enacted by the said first recited Act, That if the said Trustees therein named, their Heirs or Assigns, should not inn, drain, and keep dry the said Fens, as by the said first tecited Act is directed, or should wilfully or negligently suffer the said Fens and Wastes, or, the most Part of them, to be again drowned and overflowed by thp Space of five h ears after the Expiration of the i ime thereby limited for their inning and draining tite said Fens, ard that the same shall be found and adjudged hurtfully surrounded.through such Default by such Number of Commissioners of Sewers as are thereby appointed, and by such Ways ard Means as are therein directed in that Behalf; that then and from thenceforth the said Trust of the said Tiuilees of and in the said ten thousand and thirty-six Acres, and five thousand Acres of the said Lands, and all and every the Estate and Efiaies by them executed of all or any of those Lands, shall ccafe, detet mine, and be utterly void to all Intents and Purposls whatsoever, and shall not be helped, altered or relieved by any Course of Law or Equity; and that then and from thenceforth the said Tniftces,

their Heirs and Assigns llrall fraud and be icifed of all such the said Lands, in Trust to pc. mit and fuf for the Commissioners of Sewers for the Places therein named to take the whole Rents, Hides' and 1 Profits thereof, to be laid cut and expended for regaining the said Fens, and for oilier the Purposes therein mentioned; and to make and execute inch Estate or Estates thereof as shall be directed ard appointed by such Number of the said Commissioners, and in such Manner as is thereby directed

Therefore for preventing the Loss of such the said Taxable Lands and Free Lands, and for the Pit servation of the Estates and Interests therein of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and for the Recovery and future Preservation of all the said Fens, the greater Fart of the Owners and Proprie tors of the said Free Lands, in Number of Persons and quantity of Land, have come to ait Agree men: in Writing with tyre said Owners and Proprietors of the said Taxable lands, by Deed Poll bearing Date tyre twenty-third Day of February in the Year of cur Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, to join with the said Owners and Proprietors of the said Taxable Land in making Application to Parliament, to obtain an Act to enable them to raise the said Sum of fifteen thou land Pounds for the effectual draining and future Preservation of all the said Fens by inch Ways and Means, and upon such teims and Conditions, as are let forth in the said Agreement, and to carry the said Agreement into Execution, and make the same binding upon all Parties, in such Manner as by the said Agreement is ascertained and provided; which said Agreement is as follows; that is to say, '4 IF HE'REVS

Anno undecimo Georgii II.

C 39.

A.D. 1738.

WHEREAS the Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands called The Free Lands, containing in th ' PV whole five thousand Acres or thereabouts, lying and being in Holland and Kesteven, in the County ej, Lincoln, called Deeping Fen, Pinchbeck, and Spalding South Fen, Thurlby Fen, Bourn South Fen, and Crowland F en, and who have executed these Presents, and who are the greater Part of the Owners of thi aid Free Lands, in Number of Persons and Quantity of Acres, from the frequent Representations made to then. 4 by the Adventurers, Owners and Proprietors of the Lands in the said Fens called Taxable Lands, containing in the whole ten thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and by long Experience, have found, that notwithstanding the great Expense which the said Adventurers and Owners of the said Taxable Lands, and those under whom they claim an Interest therein, have been at, and the great Endeavours which have been used by them respcfiivdy, to keep that whole Level drained, being in the whole about thirty thousand Acres of Fen Land, the said Adventurers, Owners of the said Taxable Lands, have not been able so to do, by reason of the many Accidents and Misfortunes they have so often met with, and other Causes iihieh prevented them therein, and for which Reasons and Causes the whole Level has for many Tears past been so frequently drowned that very little or no Profit could be made thereof, to the great loj's of all, and Impover ishment of many, of the Pro prietors of the said Level, and by which Means about four thousand Acres of the said Taxable Lands ere nous become forfeited and vejled in the Adventurers or Proprietors of the said Taxable landsjor nonpayment of the Draining Taxes chargeable thereon pursuant to and by virtue of two several Acts of Parliament made h 4 the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, for draining the said Fens; and that the said Level can never be made prof table, unless some new Methods be taken to recover and secure the same; and it having been computed ly jkiljul and able Engineers employed for that Purpose, that it will eof at leaf! fifteen thouse.nl 4 Pounds to recover and regain the said Level according to the Scheme and Estimate made thereof; and the Own ers of the said Free Lands, who have executed theje Presents, being fully satisfied that the said Level cannot 4' be regained and secured without a great Expense, which cannot be raised on the fa: d Taxable Lands aline, have therefore readily consented. That the Sum of five thousand Pounds, Part of the said fifteen thousand Pounds, shall be raised by an Acre Rate of twenty Shillings an Acre upon the said Free Lands for such the Pvr poses afiorefiaid, in ease an Act of Parliament shall be obtained to enable them and the rejl of the said Owners of the said Free Lands to raise the same; and the said Adventurers, Owners and Proprietors of the said Taxable Lands, who have also executed these Presents, and by their Constitution under the said several Acts of Parlia matt are a sufficient Number to treat with the said Owner 's of the said Free Lands, and by their Acts to bind the ref of the Owners of the said Taxable Lands who shall not execute these Presents, have also cenfc/it 4 ed. That the Sum of six thousand Pounds, other Part of the said fifteen thousand Pounds, shall be raised by 4 a like Acre Tax of twenty Shillings per Acre, to be laid on the said six thousand Acres of the said Taxable Lands, and as by the said two several Acts of Parliament they are unpowered to do; and that as the said five thousand Pounds, and Jix thousand Pounds shall be raised, the same shall be laid out and expended for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and that when both those Sums fall have been raised, then and not before the said four thousand Acres of the said Taxable Lands, which have been already forfeited Jor'nonpayment of the Taxes chargeable thereon, and are thereby become vejled in the said Adventurers, and other the said Taxable Lands which shall become forfeited, and as the same fall become forfeited from time to time, shall be sold for the most Money that can be got for the same; and the said five thousand Pounds, and six thousand Pounds, and the Money arising by such Sale, and the Rents and Profits of the said forfeited Lands in the mean Time, as far as the same will reach to make up the said fifteen thousand Pounds, shall be applied for the perfecting the draining the said Level, and for the Maintenance and future Preservatkn thereof, and of the Banks, Drains, Sluices and other Works thereof, according to the said Scheme and Efimate thereof as aforesaid: Therefore ive, the Proprietors of the said Free Lands, whose Hands and Seals are here unto subscribed and set with the refteftive Quantities of Lands appearing against the same, do hereby vclun tartly and freely agree to join with the said Owners of the said Taxable Lands, in 'applying to Parliament for an Act to enable us and the re ft of the Owners of the find Free Lands, who shall not have executed these Presents, or who by reason of their Incapacity or other Dtfabilities in Law cannot join herein, to raise and pay into the Hands of Sir Francis Whichcote Baronet, Treasurer, or his Deputy, or the Treasurer or his Deputy for the time being, of the said Taxable Lands, the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, in the Shares and Proportions herein aster mentioned, whensoever such Act of Parliament shall be obtained as aforesaid;

that is to say. Thirteen Shillings and fourpence per Acre, Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June next after the Commencement of the said Act, Three Shillings and fourpence more, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June next ensuing the did Time so limited for the said Pay tnent of the said thirteen Shillings and jour Pence per Acre, and the remaining three Shillings and four Pence, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June next ensuing the said Time io limited for the said Pay meat of the said frft rneiitioned three Shillings and fourpence per Acre; and we, the Owners and Pro prietors of the find Taxable Lands, whose Hands and Seals are also hereunto subscribed and jet w: tb the rc spective Quantities of Land appearing against the same, do hereby agree. That incase such Act of Par Lament as aforesaid shall be obtained) a Tax of twenty Shillings net Acre shall be laid on the said six thousand Acres of the said Taxable Lands, at our public Meeting to be held pursuant to the said Acts of Parliament herein 'before mentioned next after the Commencement of the said Act' of Parliament so to be obtained as aforesaid, for raising the said Sum of six thousand Pounds upon the said six thousand Acres of Taxable Lands,

and that as the same shall be raised, the same shall be paid to the said Sir Francis Whichcote, Treasurer,

or his Deputy, or the Treasurer or his Deputy for the time being, of the said Taxable Lands, at tee lihe Times, in the like Portions, and for the like Purposes, as the fiicffive thousand Pounds is agreed to be rafied raid paid by the said Free Land Owners. And it is hereby further agreed by all the Parties to these Pre' Jents, That as the said several Sums of five thousand Pounds, and six thousand Pounds shall be so raised as

'aforesaid,

D. 1738. Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 39.

aforesaid, the same gaol from time to time be issued, paid and applied for the draining the fold Fens according to the said Scheme or Estimate above-mentioned, in such Manner as the Majority of the Owners of the said Free Lands, and the Majority of the Owners of the said Taxable Lands, according to their respective Quantities of Acres, who shall be present at fuels the said public Meeting to be held as aforesaid, or the Attorney or Attorneys lawfully constituted in that Behalf of such of the said Owners, as well of the said Free Lands as Taxable Lands, who shall be th.n absent, shall order and direct; and such Application and Payment of the said Money, pur/iiant to fuels Order or Appointment, shall be a full and effectual Dfcharge to the Treasurer or his Deputy for the time being, his and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Sums he or they fsall so issue: And forasmuch as same few of the Proprietors of the said Free Lands, to the Amount of about one thousand Acres, cannot, by reason of their Incapacity or other Disabilities in Law, join in this Agreement, and for that also the _ Owners of the said Free Lands have not any Power to raise and levy the said Acre Rate jo agreed to be raised by them as aforesaid; it is therefore agreed. That an humble Application shall be made to Parliament, to obtain an Act to empower the said Owners of the said Free Lands to raise the said Acre Rate upon all their said Lands, by such I Pays and Means as shall be thereby provided; and to carry this Agreement into Execution, and make the same binding on all Parties to be benefited thereby, and to reimburse such P erf on or Perfotis who shall be minded to advance and pay the Shares and Proportions of such the said Proprietors of the said Free Lands as are under such Incapacities or Disabilities as aforesaid, all such Moneys as fsall_ be advanced and paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy for the time being, for the Share and Proportion of such the said Proprietors of the said Free Lands under such Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, out of the yearly. Profits of the Lands of such of the said Proprietors, and nop otherwise, until such Moneys, with legal Interest, shall be fully satisfied and repaid; anything af iresaid to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; it being intended that such the Shares and Proportions of such Persons under such Incapacities or Disabilities as aforesaid shall be raised upon the Credit of such Provision to be made by the said Act in that Behalf, rather than a work of so much consequence to the Public Should be delayed or frustrated for want thereof. In Witness whereof we the said Owners and Proprietors of the said Free and Taxable Lands have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, with our respective Quantities of Land, as well Free as Taxable, against our respective Names, the twenty-third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

Free Lands

Eleven hundred and fifty-one Acres, Rutland; five hundred and fifty Acres, C Bertie; five hundred and thirty-two Acres, Weymau Lee; two hundred and eighty-five Acres, Sam. Horn; five hundred and thirty-two Acres, for my Daughter Eva Weyman, Mary Weyman; seventy five Acres, Will. Sharman.'

Taxable Lands

'Three hundred and forty Acres, Wm. Newland; five hundred and six Acres, C Bertie; two hundred and fifty Acres, Alexr. Wilson; one hundred and twenty Acres, Sam. Horn; four hundred and twenty-two Acres, 'William Perry; two hundred and seventy Acres, Jor Jacob Preston Esquire, Sam. Horn; one hundred and six Acres, White Kennett; five hundred Acres, William Fortrey; nine hundred seventy two Acres, three 1 Roods, James Fortrey; sixty three Acres, Charles Bletfo; three hundred forty six Acres, Fr. Whichcote; ' two hundred and sixty one Acres, John Hurn; three hundred and forty six Acres, John Blackwell j sixty Acres, for my Mother Alice Figg, Will. Sharman; fortyfive and half Acres, J. Hepburn; forty acre$y 1 Esther Gates; for a third Part of two hundred and fifty-eight Acres, with two Pecoys, p.obt. Beavor; ' thirty Acres, T. Norton; one hundred and six Acres, J. Raymond.

Sealed and delivered by his Grace the Duke of Rutland, &cj,

"The said Agreement valid in Law. The Acre Rate to be levied on Defaulters by Dihrefs and Sale. "For want of Distress Defaulters Lands to be sold. The Power of the Commissioners of Sewers Com' "Lincoln, not hereby lessened. The said Lands exempted from other Payments. The Tax on for "Lands to be raised by the like Means as upon the other Lands. This Act not to prejudice the "Earl of Exeter.

Anno

327

V

A.D. 1739.

C 1-5.

'7 fnt. pr rmj die Febr. Anno Rcgm, C duodecimo; con t'inuat, tifque ad ct in Jovis, xv jtn diem Novemb, Anno Regni,

CXIII ». In Recordo,

Preamble, reciting the former Act for the Encouragement of Commas Car, 2. C

<"\iun£2 Diuies continued for 7 Years.

Continued by 27 Cko. 2. C II h d fur tier i ij\o, 3. C id

Anno duodecimo Georgii II.

1. 1 K. I j

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the fourteenth Day of January, Anno Dom.

one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, in the eighth Year of the Reign ofour Sove

£ 11. reign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland. King, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the a first Day of February 1738, being the fifth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine. EXP. 2 s. in the Pound.

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas in the City of tvorcester, to raise Money for discharging the Debts they have contracted in rebuilding their Parish Church.

PR.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

May it please Tour most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS great Benefit and Advantage did accrue to England by one Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and continued by another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles, intituled An act for continuing 'a former Afi concerning

Coinageboth which said Acts were revived by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second, and were continued by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign £ of King William and Queen aiary of glorious Memory, and were further continued by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late Kin William, and were further continued by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne of blessed Memory, ' and then extended to Scotland, and were further continued by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First of glorious Memory, to be in Force for seven Years, from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and.until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following; and were further continued by another Act made in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign for seven Years, from the first Day of March 'one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following; and were further continued by another Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for seven Years, from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following; so that unless the said Act be continued, the Encouragement given thereby will cease, and this Kingdom be deprived for the future of so great a Good as it hath for many Years last past enjoyed Now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term and Time herein after expressed, and do humbly pray, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and the like Rates, Duties and Impositions as by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of King Charles the Second were granted, and by the said subsequent Acts were continued, for and upon the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder and Beer during the respee tive Terms and Times therein mentioned, ftiail be further continued, and be paid and payable to his

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 6 -- 12, 329

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder and Beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain within or during the Space ot seven Years to commence from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said former Acts, and all other Acts of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every Clause, Article and Sentence in them or any of them contained, now being in Force, shall be and are by virtue of this Act continued, and shall be in Force, and be duly put in Execution for and during all fuclt Time and Term as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; any former Law, Statute, Provision, Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And to the End the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of England and Scotland respectively may not be discouraged by any Deficiency of the Revenue by this Act settled for defraying the Coinage thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may treaty.'ifive be lawful to and toy the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, defraying the or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Hxpences of tin time being, and they are hereby empowered and directed, out of the Moneys arising by this Actor m>nis, out of any other public Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, to cause so much Money to be applied as shall be necessary for defraying the Expenses of the said Mints of England and Scotland respectively, by way of Imprefi, and upon Account for that Service; so as the same, together with the Coinage Duties arising by this Act, do not exceed in any one Year the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds; and so as the said Moneys be issued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the not exceeding Master of the Mint in England, and the Master of the Mint in Scotland respectively, for the said Aiimmi'. Pr Purposes.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to raise Money by Rates upon themselves for finishing the Church of the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 24 June 1739, for 21 Years. [Continued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. IX.

An Act for applying a Sum of Money, given by the Will of Daniel tvifeman Esquire, deceased, for finishing the new Church at Woolwiih in the County of Kent; and for raising an Annuity by an assessi menton the Parish of Woolwich, during the Lives of Mary Wiseman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the Life of the Survivor of them, pursuant to the said Will. P R. "5 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. X

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Northwest Parts of the County of Lincoln, through nettlam felds, wragby lane and baumber fields, to the Wolds, or north east Part of the said County.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 24 June 1739, for 21 Years.

CAP. XI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield in the County of Berks, to Saint john's Bridge in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing the Roads from an Inn called The hind's Head in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which Hands in the said County of Berks.

PR.

The Tolls of 6 Geo. 2. c. 16. are farther continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XII.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the County of Derby, and from chcjlr jeld to Workfopp in the County of Nottingham, and from Chesterfield to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Chesterfield Road, which leads to Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 1 June 1739, for 21 Years.

Vol. VI

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

[Preamble.]

Further Continuance of the Acts 8 Anna? C 18. and the Altera

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; 'and for continuing, explaining and amending the Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con seat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affera > bled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act: made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her

1 late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the assize of Bread, which was to be in Force

for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, together witly, _ the Alterations made relating thereto, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late tlieaiti Geo. Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned relating to Coals, C 26. _ Hemp and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the affii e of Bread, and for giving Power to adjourn the

lr'tdb ami qilarler-sessions sir the County of Anglesea for the Purposes therein mentioned; which said Act and al 22'g!o!z. c46.' terations had further Continuance by several subsequent Acts, are near expiring, shall be and are rv, b hereby continued and in Force from the Expiration thereof to the twenty-fourth Day of June which

f ceo.\"c. 29. shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from thence to the

32 Geo. 2. f. is. End of the then next Sessions of Parliament.

CII. And whereas several Doubts and Difficulties have arisen touching the Powers of the Magistrates of Burghs and Corporate Towns, and of the Powers of the justices of the Peace in such other Towns and Divisions where no Magistrates are, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, extended to touching the regulating the Price and Assize of Bread Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Scotland. Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, together with the Alterations made in an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, relating to the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, does extend, and shall be with all the Powers, Provisions, 'Clauses and Declarations, extended, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. further IR And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the second Year continued.^of the Reign of Lis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Soli Continued and citors, which was to continue in Force from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ztclo^. c.y46.' twenty-nine, for the Space of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of and made ferje Parliament, and is near expiring, shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration there maiby 30gw. 2.of until the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and from C 19. §75. thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Parliament.

The not ind°r

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth ley's narne<cn ay June 'n e Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, the not fub

Wairams upon feribing or indorsing the Name of the attorney's Cleric in Court, or Solicitor, on any Warrant that Writs, not to shall be made out upon any Writ, Process or Execution, shall not vitiate the same; but such Writ, officersu>process and Execution, and all proceedings.'thereon, shall be as valid and effectual, notwithstanding such Omission, as if the said recited Act for regulating Attorneys and Solicitors had not been made; provided the Writ whereon such Warrant is made out be regularly subscribed or endorsed according to the said Act; and every Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer, who shall make out any Warrant upon any Writ, Process or Execution, and shall not subscribe or endorse the Name of the Attorney, Clerk in Court or Solicitor, whb sued out the same, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be aftcfted as a Fine upon such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer, by the Court out of which such Writ, Process or Execution shall issue; one Moiety thereof to be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Omission.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty their fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, 'it shall and may be lawful to and for every Attorney, Clerk in Court and Solicitor, to write his Bill of Fees, Charges and disburse menls, with such Abbreviations as are now commonly used in the English Language; anything in any former La ns to the contrary, notwithstanding.

Act 2 Geo. 2.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty tend toaiwbulfourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, (he said Act of the second Year of of Fees between his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, or any Clause, Matter or one Solicitor and Thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Bill of Fees, Charges and dish.irfements, that are now, another. or hereafter become, due from any Attorney or Solicitor to any other Attorney or Solicitor, or

Clerk in Court; but that every such Attorney, Solicitor or Clerk in Court, may use such Remedies for the Recovery of his Fees, Charges and' Difourfements against such other Attorney or Solicitor, as he might have done before the nicking of the said Act.

Penalty on^per

VII. And be it further enacted, i hat in case any Person shall, from and after the said twenty adfing incounty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, commence or defend any Action, Comts. or sue out; any Writ, Process or Summons, or carry on any Proceedings in the Court commonly

S called

dorfs the Attornies Names upon Writs.

Attorneys, &c. may use Abbreviations in Fills.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 14^5. 331

called The County Court, held in any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, who

is not or shall not then be legally admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, according to the said Act made

in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that such Person shall for every such Offence

forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered with Costs by any other Person win shall zz c. r. 46.

sue for the same, within twelve Months next after such Offence shall be committed, in any of his a r

majesty's Courts of Record. _. 33*'

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person being one of the Peopk Qipkcrsmba

called Quakers who may have served, or shall hereafter feryc, a Clerkship with an Attorney or Soli xc cafltrm"

citor, and shall be qualified as by the said Act be ore is required, shall, upon taking his solemn af tion. y 1

firmation inlfead of the Oaths thereby directed to be taken, before such Judges and others who are hereby authorised and required to administer the said Affirmation, be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor, as if he had taken the said Oaths; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. _ _ udn.j" 046.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth No Attorn: es Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Attorney or Solicitor who shall be ate to com Prisoner in any Gaol or Prison, or within the Limits, Rules or Liberties of any Gaol or Prison, mence Sum, if shall, during his Confinement in any Gaol or Prison, or within the Limits, Rules or Liberties 0flncners any Gaol or Prison, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Attorney or Solicitor, sue out

any Writ or Process, or commence or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Courts of Law or Equity; and that all Proceedings in such Actions or Suits shall be void and of none Effect; and such At Penalty, torney or Solicitor so commencing or prosecuting any Action or Suit as aforesaid, shall be struck off the Roll, and incapacitated from acting as an Attorney or Solicitor for the future; and any Attorney or Solicitor permitting or impowering any such Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid to commence or prosecute any Action or Suit in his Name, shall be struck off the Roll, and incapacitated from acting as an Attorney or Solicitor for the future.

X Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no l>rovifj. thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Attorney or Solicitor so confined as aforesaid, from carrying on or transacting any Suit or Suits commenced before

the Confinement of such Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid f anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees and Lessees "and Wills of Papists made since "Sept. 1717, and not registered, valid if registered by 28 Nov. 1739, unless Advantage of not "inrolling them hath been taken on or before 2 Feb. 1738. Purchases made by Protestants not "to be avoided through Neglect of Inrolment."

EXP.

CAP. XV.

An act to enable his Majesty to settle an Annuity of fifteen thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Pleirs of his Body, and also one other Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds on their Royal Jiighneftes the Princess Amalie, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary and the Princess Lovisa.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act made in tyre first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Preamble, re.

intituled, An Act for the better Support of her majesty's Heujbeld, and of the Honour and Dig ^anna^stata. ' nity of the Crown; all Grants which should be afterwards made by her said late Majesty, here, 7.

Heirs or Succflors, of any Manors, Messuages, Land's, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods or other { Hereditaments (Advowsons excepted) other than such as are therein expressed, are declared to be void; and by another Act made in the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled An act9 Anns, C 10.

Act for establishing a general Pof office for all her majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum. j,

out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her majesty's Occasions; it was en acted, That such Part of the Duties and Revenues arising in and by the General letter office or post office, which was thereby veiled in her said late Majesty, Heirs and Successors, and there in mentioned to be undeterminable, should not be alienable, chargeable or grantable for any Estate,

Term or Tune whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the King or Queen that should make such Alienation, Charge or Grant respectively; and that ail Gifts, Grants, 'Alienations or

Affursnces whatsoever, to be had or made of, or charged upon, the same Duties or Revenues,

or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provision of that Act, should be null and void: And whereas

her said late Majesty at the Time of making the said respective Acts having no ift ue nor any Prospect of any, no Power was thereby reserved to make Provision for the younger Children of the Crown: And whereas your Majesty is blessed with a numerous Royal Progeny, endowed with many excellent Virtues and Accomplishments, and your Majesty has been pleased to express your Royal Inclination, that a competent Provision should be made for your younger Children out of the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, to take Effect after the Demise of your Majesty (whom God long preserve) which gracious Inclination of your Majesty your faithful Commons think highly

just

332 Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

e just and reasonablewherefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do moult humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and his Majesty im by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to ard for the King's moult Excel 55, coo\pel u e^erd Majesty, by any Letters Patent or Indenture, or by several Letters Patents or Indentures, under Ann. on his the Great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto his Royal Highness th°ydukesofefs William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body, one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Cumberland, fifteen thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum and the Heirs Of of fifteen thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall commence and take Effect from the Day T Geo"2 e -, 0^ erase Majesty (whom God long preservej and shall be paid and payable at the four m°fi usual Leahs or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say. The Lead of Saint Michael the arch al Revenue of angel, the Lead of the Nativity of our Lord Christ, the Lead of the Annunciation of the blesseds>f?ol«rf Virgin Mary, and the Lead of Saint John the Baptid, by even and equal Portions; the fird Payment^J thereof to be made at such of the said Lead Days as shall fird and next happen after the Demise. his Majesty, with such Powers for his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to make Provision out of the said Annuity or annual Rent by way of Jointure on any Wise or Wives he or they shall marry, and for his and their younger Sons, and for his and their Daughters, in such Manner as his said Majesty shall in his Royal Wisdom in and by his said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, think fit to give, limit or appoint.

am?^o000h' per^ntl fi is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful four younger to and fr the King's most Excellent Majesty, by such Letters Patent or Indenture, or by any other Princesses. Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto their Royal Highnedes the Princess Amalie, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary and the Princess Lovisa, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, or to such other Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, and his or their Heirs, during the Lives of their said Royal Highnedes, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trud for their said Royal Highnesses, and the Survivors or Survivor of them, subject to such Contingencies and Determination as to the whole or Part thereof, as are or is herein after mentioned and provided, one other Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds shall commence and take Effod from the Day of the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long prefeive) and shall be paid and payable at the said four most usual Leads or Days folshon Payment 'n the Year by even and equal Portions; the fird Payment thereof to be made at such the Revenues of the said Feast Days which diall next happen after the Demise of his said Majesty; and that the the post office, said Annuity dr yearly Rent or Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be directed to be, and diall be iduing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon all and every the Revenues and Moneys arising and to arise by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing a General P of office for all her Majests Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majests Occasions; or by virtue or in pursuance of any Proviso, Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred to; the weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds mentioned in the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, during such Time as the said weekly Sum is to continue, and any other Moneys by that Ad appointed to be reserved for the Use the latter on the of the Public, always excepted and foreprized: And that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum cifu "tary " twenty Tour thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be directed to be, and shall be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, which were granted to the Crown by an Act of Parliament of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite,

and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue on his Majesty in lieu thereof, or which llwll arise, or are payable by virtue of any other Act or Acts relating thereto.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, or to be contained in such Letters Pa.

Indenture or Indentures as aforesaid, shall extend to hinder or obstruct the Payments of the weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, or the yearly Sum of fifteen thousand seven hundred fifty-nine Pounds, nineteen Shillings and fourpence, by former Acts of Parlament charged upon the said Rates and Duties of Excise, or some of them, or the Application thereof to the respective Uses intended by such former Acts concerning the same; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deficiency of

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Revenue of the the port office post office, applicable to the Payment of the said yearly Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, shall at the fwer the quar - Dnd of any Quarter of a Year be insufficient to answer the quarterly Payment of the said Annuity tcriy Payment or yearly Rent or Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and all Arrears thereof which shall be then due of the 15,000^1. out of farne, according to the true Meaning of this Act; then and in every such Case the comp to^suppiiccl trailer of the said Office for the time being shall and he is hereby required without Fee or Charge, at the Roquest of his said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, or the Heirs of his Body, or of such other Personas shall be entitled to receive any Part thereof in pursuance of this Act, and of such letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures as aforesaid, or of any Person by him or them respectively

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II.

CIS 333

lively authorised for that Purpose, to make and deliver to his said Royal Highness, or the Heirs of his Body, or such other Personas shall be entitled as aforesaid, or to his or their Order, a Certificate in Writing of the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment of such Arrears; and on producing thereof the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause every such Deficiency to be paid and satis fied out of any overplus Moneys of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, or out of some other Moneys anting or to arise by any hereditary Branches of the Revenue belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, being appointed for the Uses of the Civil Government, with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged upon such Overplus Moneys, or other Branches by any subsequent Grant or Grants to be made, or any Actor A its of Parliament hereafter to be passed: And Deficiency of if the said Rates and Duties of Excise applicable to the Payment of the said yearly Rent or Sum "uityof of twenty-four thousand Pounds shall at the End of any Quarter of a Year be infumcient to answer 24> °° the quarterly Payment of the said last mentioned Annuity, or any Arrears thereof then due out of the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; then and in every such Case the Comptroller of the Excise for the time being shall and he is hereby required without Fee or Charge at the Request of their said Royal Highnesses the Princess Amalie, the Princess Caroline, the Princess Mary and the Princess Lovisa, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or of such of them as shall be entitled to the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, or of any other Person or Persons authorised by them respectively for that Purpose, to make and deliver to them respectively a Certificate in Writing of the Sum which shall be then wanting to complete the Payment of such Arrears; and on the producing thereof, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause every such Deficiency to be satisfied and paid out of any overplus Moneys of the said post office Revenues, or out of some other Moneys arising or to arise by such hereditary Branches of the Revenue appointed for the Uses of the Civil Government as aforesaid, with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged upon such overplus Moneys or other Branches by any subsequent Grant or Grants to be made, or any Act or Acts of Parliament hereafter to be passed; anything in this Act, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities or yearly Rents The said an r Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and twenty-four thousand Pounds, as aforesaid, shall be paid "i, ie.s j10"' 19 and payable by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Commissioners, Farmers, Trea epal furors or Receivers for the time being of the said Revenues respectively, upon which the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and twenty-four thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of his said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body, and of such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive any Part of the said Annuity of fifteen thousand Pounds as aforesaid, and of their said Royal Highnesses the Princelles, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or of such of them as shall be entitled to the said Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, or of any Person or Persons authorised by them respectively for that Purpose, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said yearly Sums or to be tax free. Annuities, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other public Charges whatsoever; and that if the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or n non pay the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers for the time being of any of the said Du b^tecotercd10 ties or Revenues, upon which the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and twenty-four thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent of this Act, and of such Letters Patent or Letters Patents, Indenture or Indentures, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid; his said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Person or Persons as shall be so entitled to receive any Part of the said Annuity of fifteen thousand Pounds as aforesaid, and the said Princelles, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or such of them as shall be entitled to receive the said Annuities respectively, or either of them, or any Part thereof, or such their true ftees respectively, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, Commissioners,

Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their Securities, their Heirs,

Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, again! such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said several and respective Rents or Annuities of fifteen thousand Pounds, and twenty-four thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers or Receivers respectively, at the time and times when such Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part thereof as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts,

Directions and Clauses to be contained in his Majesty's Letters Patent or Letters Patents, Inters Patent for denture or Indentures, hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment the Payment of and Assurance of the said yearly Rents, Annuities or Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and twenty fald Annui' four thousand Pounds, and for making the said respective Revenues liable thereunto, shall be and ies'

are

334 C 16., 17. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 17 39*

are hereby enabled to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof in the said Letters Patent or Letters Patents, Indenture or Indentures to be expressed, not withstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said at of Parliament made in the first Year of her said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Ma je/ly's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; and notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of the ninth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, for establishing the post office, or any other Act or Acts of par.iament, and any mil recital, n011 recital, Omission or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent or Letters Patents, Indenture or Indentures hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding; facing to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (other than the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than such Person and Persons who do or may hand seized or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successorsj all such Right, Title, Interest and Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them have or may have of, in, to or out of [the Revenues aforesaid, or any Part thereof, before till making of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; this Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The said 15,000b

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity "d, 1 C other' or yearly Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, con

wise than for veyed, disposed, charged or incumbred by his said Royal Highness, or by any of the Heirs of his

Life; Body, for any greater or longer Estate or Time than during the natural Life of the Person so alienor

as is consisting, conveying, disposing, charging or incumbring the same, or so as to prevent the same from de pnt\versh ranted [cen*ng to the Heirs in Tail according to the said Limitation, other than, and according to, and by the said Let i pursuance of such Power, for making Jointures, and for the Benefit of younger Sons and of Daughters Patent. ters of his said Royal Highness the Duke, or of any of the Heirs of his Body, as shall be limited

and given in and by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures as aforesaid.

Disposal of the

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of the deavor any f their said Royal Highnesses the princeites, or upon the Marriage of anyone of them, and Marriage of the the Payment of a Portion of or in considerajon of such Marriage, not less than forty thousand Pounds princeites. Sterling, the Right, Title, Share and Interest of such Princess so dying, or being married, in and to

the said yearly Rent or Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall cease and determine; and the said whole Annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three other Princesses; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of a Portion not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share and Interest of such other Princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine; and two third Parts of the said Annuity of twenty-four thousand Pounds, amounting to sixteen thousand Pounds per Annum, and no more, shall accrue and belong to the other two Princesses then unmarried; and upon the Death or Marriage of either of the said two last mentioned Princesses, and Payment of a Portion not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling 011 or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share and Interest of such Princess, of, in and to the said Annuity of sixteen thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine, and the aether of the said Princesses then living shall be entitled to twelve thousand Sounds per Annum, Part of the said Rent, or Annuity of sixteen thousand Pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her Death or Marriage, and the Payment of a Portion not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling on or in Consideration of such Marriage.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey.

PR.

The Tolls are farther continued for 21 Years, i Geo. 2. c. 6.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Catharine Coleman in Fenchurch street in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

PR.

: d ' \ \ J PI EREAS the Parish Church of Saint Catharine Col. man in Fenchurch freet in the City of

anukdetlly London. is a very ancient Fabric, and being built at first with Chalk and Rubble, is now

15 to 2. C a. C y0 decayed in the Walls and Pillars and several other Parts thereof, that the whole Building, and

£ also _ steeple.belonging to the said Church, are in a ruinous Condition: 'Now to the intent t

the said Church may be rebuilt for the public Worship of God, and the Instruction of the Iolia bitants of the said Parish in the true Christian Religion as now professed in the Church of England; and that the said Steeple may also be rebuilt, and that the same may be effected in a Manner that may be least burdensome to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; Rector, Churchwardens and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, do most humbly beftech your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted, CV

"Trustees

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 18^19. 335

"Trustees empowered to pull down and rebuild the Church. Funeral Rates. Rates for tolling the "Bells, as specified by an Indenture, and Rates for the Use of Palls, to be applied to the Purposes "the af. The Rates to be vested in the Trustees. Collectors exempted from the Office of Scavenger. Annuities for Life on Contributions, at 8l. per Centum per Annum, to be charged on the Rates.

"Quarterly Assessments to be made; and to be paid two Thirds by the Landlord, and one by the CC Tenant. The Rates not to entitle Persons to Settlements. Parishioners empowered to alter the burial Fees. Rights of the Bishop of London, and the recftor, not to be prejudiced.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for repairing the Road or Highway from the Dun Cow in the Town of Dunchurch, through the Parish of Bilton over Dunfmore Heath to the Town of Hill Morton in the County of Warwick; and from thence through the several Parishes of Creek, West Haddon and East I laid on. in the County of Northampton, to Saint "james's End, in the Parish of Dunflou, in the said County of Northampton.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 24 June 1739, for 21 Years. 16 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund 3 and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Time for the Payment of Dufies omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

[Preamble.]

MOST gracious Sovereign: We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Supply granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, by Ways the leal! burdensome to your majesty's Subjects, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and also to enable your Majesty to issue and apply the further Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Sinking Fund, or to raise the same by Loans or Exchequer Bills, at an Interest not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged upon and secured by the said Fund, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, in case the Exigency of Affairs should require the same, in such Manner and Form as is herein after mentioned; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from time to time quarterly be, in Treasury toif the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called fueoutoiihe the Sinking Fund, at any Time before the Feast Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, which o£f.ifun,

shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine (after paying or reserving 5'sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued, paid and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and the of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And for or towards raising the said further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any and the grow three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners M jpr?'tuce.of of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time, towards raffing at or after the said Feast Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, to issue and apply the growing the further Sum Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking fundus>°co1 (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by ofvheyearcs any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) towards raising the said further Sum of 1739. five hundred thousand Pounds, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine as aforesaid; but in case the said Commis orthe saidsum sioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any' three or more of them, or the high Treasurer for the time may be raised by being, shall think it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, or any q°er a; if.xc e" Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty,

336 C 19.

Amio duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

No undue Preference.

Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fall as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

Lender to have

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money la hes and Or upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall Immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Prin orders and cipal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according m^courfu*° bs to^Dates respectively; that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall Hand regillred in the said Regiller Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the Moneys to come in of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys; and he, she or they, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, choir Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than such Uses and pur no^fees to take pes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid; that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Penalties Officers, their Clerks, or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in Point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true Meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Office or Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk without Direction or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages

and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the

Receipt shall not direct the said Order of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before dhefted, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be

jisonof*l!ebt to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid: which laid Pe

1 ' nalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any

their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Audit of of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

V. Provided also, That it shall rot be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay, subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Regiller as afore his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be»inclorfed and written upon his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties

8 and

What shall be interpreted no undue Preference.

Orders assignable.

r7

O

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 19.

and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons win have or hath made such Alignment to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the Paid Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commit Treasury may lioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, raise the raid' or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall judge it more adviseable out news k- -- tyre said Sum of rive hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills inlfcad quer Bin..'of fttcli Loans as aforesaid; then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner,

Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by a certain Act of Parliament for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the same Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro ciaufuj or the

'ifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said /r//a30'e'/ last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act chequer Bills (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties or Impositions granted or continued by the to extend to same Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, of tlas

as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in The said Else pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by or out of Fund "'° the growing Produce of the said surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as fast as the same can be regularly stated and afeer tained, for or towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium,

Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming Application of into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, tlle Supplies, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and lb much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest,

Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money futheient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loan; or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land 'Fax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the lame; and also the Sum of one hundred nineteen thousand four hundred fifty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and not appropriated for the Service of that Year and the Sum of one million by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uies, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say.

It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall 846, 689 and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred forty six thousand six hundred eighty nine Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for Half pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for and towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed.

XI. And it is also hereby enacted, That out o; ail or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there 10,000l. to

shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, Fr ")va'l'hjic" upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospitjta! at Greenwich, and for. tyre better.

Vol. VI X X Maintenance.

338 C 19.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country. '

110, 5911. 17s.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there <)ffice<o/0r the an mav anc applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and

Ordnance. ten thousand five hundred ninety one Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

050, 9111. 4s.

XIII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as 9tl.'halfpenny, aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nine for Land forces, hundred and fifty thousand nine hundred and eleven Pounds four Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly 49l. us. expressed; that is to say. Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six hundred forty seven thousand

1. e.

3 five hundred forty-nine Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge

°1' uar san of seventeen thousand fever, hundred and four Men, including Commission and non commission Officers and Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and six independent Companies for the Service of the Highlands, and other his Majesty's Land 'Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred

Garrisons.

428, 062l. 30s,

?d.

(ions,

27, 1721. 35 s. 5d. to Chelsea Hospital.

extraordinary Expenses, 39, 1241.19 s. a d. lor Half

pay

3, 9601. to reduced Officers Widows,

yd. Halfpenny, twenty-eight thousand sixty two Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, foi maintaining his for the Planta majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and foi: Provisions for the garifons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia and Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty seven thousand one hundred seventy two Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence, upon Account, for the Out. Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and any Sum

Halfpenny, 'ffir' or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand forty-one Pounds eight Shillings and threepence "'Halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-nine thousand one hundred twenty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning tyre same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred and sixty Pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; which said Sum of three thousand nine hundred and sixty Pounds, shall be iitued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, director appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Filablishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct or appoint.

XIV. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of ail or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Mor ey not exceeding three thousand five hundred and fifty-two Pounds eighteen Shillings, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for one year's Interest due on or before the eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum on the principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, h'ejl repairing Well minster; to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase two prebendal nunfter Abbey, f joulesj in lieu of two to be taken down for facilitating the Repairs, and the finishing of the said Church; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, for the further repairing and finishing the Tower and Roof of the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, Westminster; and there shall and may be iftited to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, by them to be applied for the further settling and improving the said Colony; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seventy thousand five hundred eighty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, on Account of the levy money and Subsidy payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to the Treaty bearing Date the 4h Day of

March

3, 552l. iss. lor Deficiency of the Stamp Duties,

20, cool, tore place to the Sinking Fund.

30.000l. to yards maintaining the African Forts 4cc01. to the

2000 1. to St. Margaret's Church. joyocol. to the Colony of Georgia. 70, 5811. 6 s, Sd. Subsidy to the King of Denmark.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 19. 339

March one thousand seven hundred and thirty %, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, towards; oo, cooi. for enabling his Majesty to make such further Augmentation of his Forces either by Sea or Land, as may j!ic

become absolutely neeeflhry, and as tyre Exigency of Affairs may require; and the Sum of sixty thousand 6oomi.cordis

Pounds, being the Sum acknowledged to be due front Great Britain to Spain, and agreed by the Spanish Depro.

King or Spain in the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, bearing Date at the Parao the dati0ils'

fourteenth Day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine new Style, to be applied,

together with the further Sum of ninety five thousand Pounds, to be advanced by the Crown of

Spain, towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty's injured Subjects, for the Damages they have

furtained by the Depredations of the Spaniards; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 5,000l. Satis

five thousand Pounds, for making Satisfaction to Solomon Mcrrit of London, Merchant, for himself, '"L'

and others late Owners of the Ship Santa Isabella, a Spanish Man of War, taken by his late Ma omon trr'l

jesty's Fleet near Sicily, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and sold to them;

which Ship was afterwards delivered up to the Spaniards, pursuant to a Treaty between the two

Crowns,

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued and The ahs not, applied to any Ule, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, to be mit ap or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any particular

Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XVI. And as to the said Sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred twenty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings Rules for the and twopence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and ^pp.llc* "on of declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in sk far dir

the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, 13 Geo. 2. c. 25.

who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or

Company, in which he served, was reduced; That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (trail have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately dilhanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, u ceo.z. c. 27, 'intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of iivo millions for the Service of the Year one thou fond seven hundred and thirty-eight; and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England 'one million for redeeming an Annuity of forty thousand Pounds payable to them, and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament -, several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned', were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-one thousand nine hundred fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf Nowit is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said The o ll3s Sum of forty-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, as is or of last Year's shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the said Rules by the said Act half-pay how prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be to be applied disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others

Ias by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, of the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, for the Relief of any Person or Persons who through Neglect or Inadvertency have clause in fc omitted to pay the several Rales and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Moneys given, paid, conlradted your 1>cr/1 ns or agreed for, with or in relation to any Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, which liatlt been put or placed to adverinsy1" or with any Master or Mifirefs, to learn any Profcilion, Trade or Employment, and to have such inden witted to psy tures or other Writings which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements relating to % Duties on the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Acts of Par ti cef \ p.ppr'n" liament for those Purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like Manner omitted to insert and'( write in Words at length 'in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid the full Sum or Sums of mo '^frfffffjn.'ney or any Part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, 5 s with, or in relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; it enacted by the Autho C f lity aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys or such Part of such Moneys ». rip so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tpndiing the said Indentures or other Writings to be ffamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or

34°

C 20 — 21. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739

before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine (of which time! Notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same Indentures or other Writings shall be good am available in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerk Apprentice or Servant therein named shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intend ed 7 radcs or Employments, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid and the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inserted; the Persons wht have incurred any Penalties by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and frorr the said Penalties; anything in this or the said former Arts to tyre contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the seventh Year of the Reigr of his late Majesty King George the irft, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of kingfdown hill, and the City of Bath; and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightning the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there; and for keeping a regular Nightly Watch within the said City and Liberties thereof.

PR.

The two first mentioned Acts are further continued for 21 Years, C

CAP. XXI.

An act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland to England, and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to Foreign Parts.

[Preamble.]

For former Lazes t concerning Wool, C refer to 25 Edi. C 7.

34ed. t.f. 4. r. 3.

18 Ed. 3, fl. 2. C 3.

31 Ed. 3.7?. 1. C 2.

14ed. r. 19.

30 Eu. 3. C 11.

§ H. 6. C 22.

43 H. S. C 17. ip.&m.

39 it. C 14.

7 Jac. 1. C 7.

j2 Car. 2. C 32.

13 14 Car. 2.

C 1 % & 19.

2 JF.&M. ft. 1. C 32.

7 <& $ JK 3. C

28.

9 io}f. 3. C 40.

10 & 11 IF. 3.

«\ 10.

3 Geo. I. C. 21.

Geo. 3. c. 11.

Geo. 1. c. 1j.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in the Book of Rates annexed to the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, a particular Rate of three Pounds, ' six Shillings and eight Pence, for every hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, ' was fixed upon Woollen or Bay Yarn imported; according to which Rate a Subsidy of twelve Pence in the Pound was thereby payable io his Majesty: And whereas according to the said Rate a further Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence in the Pound on Woollen or Bav Yarn was granted to your Majesty for your Life (which God long preserve) by an Art made in the first Year of your Reign: And whereas by an Art made in the second Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, another Subsidy was granted on the Importation of Woollen or Bay Yarn in Proportion to the said Rare, commonly called, The one third Subsidy; by an Act passed in the third Year of her said late Majesty, another Subsidy was granted on the Importation of Woollen or Bay Yarn, commonly called, The Two Thirds Subsidy; ail which Arts, which granted the said several Subsidies commonly called, The Old Suhjidy,

One Third Subsidy, and Two Thirds Subsidy except the Art for the said further Subsidy, which is granted to your Majesty during your Life) are by several subsequent Arts of Parliament continued for ever,

subject to Redemption by Parliament: And whereas the taking off the Duties upon Woollen or Bay 1 Yarn imported from Ireland, may be a Means to prevent the exporting Wool and Woollen Ma 1 nufartures from Ireland, to Foreign Parts, and may be of Use to the Manufactures of Great Britain: 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, the said several Subsidies payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, by any Law now in Force, upon Woollen or Bay Yarn imported from Ireland after that Time shall cease and determine,

11 Geo. 1. r. 34. - uy - '

13 Geo. 1. <-. 23. and be no longer payable.

2- 2i

II. And to the End that his sacred Majesty, nor any of the public Creditors, or other Person or Per

v/joiien or f«ns? Belies Politic or Corporate, who are entitled to any Part, Share or Interest in the Moneys arising Bay Yam from by the said Duties on bay.yarn and Woollen Yarn imported into this Kingdom from the Kingdom of Ireland taken Ireland, as aforesaid, may suffer by the ceasing and determining thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury new being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby enjoined and required, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year of our Lord cue thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, to cause an Account to be made up and stated of the Moneys which shall have arisen by the said Duties on Bay Yarn and Woollen Yam for seven Years last past.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Medium of the Moneys which have arisen by the said Duties within the said seven Years, shall be a certain annual Sum to be charged on the Fund called the Aggregate Fund, and being so charged, shall from time to time be blued, paid, distributed and applied to make good to his Majesty, during his natural Life (which God long preserve) and to the several publick Creditors, or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having Interest or Security in the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Bay Yarn and Woollen Yarn, the like Parts, Shares or Proportions'

off.

Treasury to make an Account of the said Duties for the raft 7 Years,

the Medium whertoi to be charged annually on the Aggregate Fund.

3-11

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 21.

portions out of the said annual Sum, as the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Bay Yarn and Woollen Vam would have been appropriated and applied, in case the said Duties had been continued, and not been determined by this act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this ab contained shall extend, or be construed to ex Proviso, tend to take olf, or cause to cease and determine the Duties upon Worded Yarn, being of two or more Threads twilled or thrown, or Crue', imported into Great Britain from the Kingdom of Ireland.

V. And whereas notwithstanding the several Laws made to prevent the Exportation of Wool unmanufactured from this Kingdom and Ireland to Foreign Parts, Inch Exportation is notoriously conti

nued Now for the better preventing such Exportation of Wool from thence, and securing the same -

to be manufactured within this Kingdom; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all ution°oi'woou Wool and Woollen or Bay Yarn, wool fells, Shortlings, Mortlmgs, wool flocks, Worded Yarn, in Ireland, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, cloth lerges, Shalloons, Stuffs, and other Draperies and Woollen Manufactures or mixed with Wool or wool flocks, which shall from time to time be exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland, from and after the fit ll Day of May in the Vear our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, into the Ports of this Kingdom, hereafter mentioned,

shall be dripped off, and entered at the Ports of Dublin, Waterford, Youghall, Kinfale, Ceric, Drogheda', Nav Ross, Newry, Wexford, Wicklow, Sligoe, Limerick, Galway and Dundalk, in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and at or from no other Port or Place within the said Kingdom; nor shall the same be imported into any Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain, other than the Ports of Biddeford, barnfla ple, Minehead, Bridgewater, Brijtel, milford haven, Chester and Liverpool, in the same Manner as if the ard Tn^said Ports of Newry, Wexford, ivicklow, Sligoe, Limerick, Gahvay and Dundalk, had been particularly tion in fnpand. named for Exportation of the said Goods, in the act passed in the tenth and eleventh Year of the Reign 26 Geo. a. c. n. of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent tyre Exportation of Wool out of toe JO w. 3. C 10. Kingdom of Ireland and England, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; anything in this or any other.

act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithdandi'ng.

VI. And the better to prevent the Exportation of Wool or Woollen Yarn, and the other Species of Wool or Woollen Manufactures, before mentioned, from Ireland into Foreign Parts; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year ships how to of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Wool, or any of the said Goods, shall be qualified for be loaden or laid on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat in Ireland, or imported or brought from thence loadins Wcoil* into this Kingdom, but in such Ships, Vessels or Boats, as shall be of the Built of Great Britain or Ireland, and which shall be wholly owned and manned by the Subjects of this Kingdom, or Ireland, and duly regillred in such Manner and Form as herein after mentioned; under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the said Goods, or the Value thereof, as also of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, in which the same shall be laden or put on board, together with all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Wool to be ex day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Ship or Vessel whatsoever shall be pljrceciiin yes' deemed or pass as a Ship of the Built of Great Britain or Ireland, so as to be qualified to load or take on the built°of board in any of the Ports of Ireland, herein appointed for that Purpose, any Wool, Woollen or Bay Great Britain or Yarn, or other the Species before mentioned, in order to import or bring the same into the Ports of lrc hnd.

Great Britain, in this act mentioned and appointed for that Purpose, until the Person or.persons claiming Property in such Ship or Vessel, shall regiller the lame as followeth (that is to say) Proof shall be

made upon the Oath, or Affirmation in case the Person be a Quaker, of one or mord of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, before the collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs in such Port of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong; which Oath or Affirmation the said Officers of the Customs respectively are hereby authorised to administer in the Tenor following; that is to lay,

I A.B. do make Oath (or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm) that the Ship of

X^whereof is at present Mailer being built of

1 ons, was built at in the Year and that of

and of are at present Owners thereof; and that no Foreigner, directly

or indirectly, hath any Share, Part or Interest therein.'

A Certificate of which Oath or Affirmation, attested by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs who administer the lame, under their Hands and Seals, 'shall, after having been regillred by them, be delivered to the Mailer of the Ship for the Security of her Navigation; a Duplicate of which re gifter shall be immediately transmitted to the Commissioners of Majesty's Customs in the 1\ rt of London, in order to be entered in the general Reeifter, to be there kept by them for this Purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no ship's Name regillred shall be ship's Name

afterwards changed, without regillring such Ship again, which is hereby required likewise to be done not to be airer upon any Transfer of Property to another Port, and delivering up the former Certificate to be cancelled, rc*

under the same Penalties, and in the like Method, as is herein before diiecled: And that in case of any same again; Alteration of Property in the same Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship, after registring

thereof, such Sale shall always be acknowledged by Endorsement of the Certificate of the Register, before

342

C 21.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II.

A.D.

*7 30

and Alteration Property to be indoiftd.

pt'i\>uy on ex poitine; vvooll

wrought.

Wcoll in what to be packed up.

No Wool! to be exported but upon Notice given to the Commissioners of the customsj Sec,

Security for the landing it,

ard a Licence taken.

Bonds not to be discharged but upon producing a Certift -- cate.

j'o "feiture on _pcfault.

No other Security hereby lessened, or Law avoided.

fore two witnesses, in order to prove that the entire Property in such Ship remains to some of the Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, if any Dispute arises concerning the same.

IX. And whereas great Quantities of Wooil have been clandestinely exported under the Denomina tioirof Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures made of "Wooil, whereas the same was onh Wooil (lightly wrought, or ditched together, and may be reduced to Wooil again, by which Prac tice the unfair Traders have evaded the good Laws made to prevent the Exportation of wooilfen preventing the like Practises for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That frotr and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, nc Coverlids, Waddings, or other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wooil llighty Hitched, worked, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use oi as Wooil again, or matraites, or Beds Huffed with combed Wooil, or Wooil fit for coming, shall be exported from Great Britain or Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures which are by any Law in Being inflicted on Persons concerned in the Exportation of Wooil.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Wooil, wool fells, Mortlings, Sliortlings, wooil flocks, Wonted, Bay or Woollen Yarn, shall be packed up in Great Britain or Ireland, in any Box, Barrel, Cask, Case, Chefi, or any other Packgage, but in Packs or Trebles of Leather or Canvas commonly called Packclctb; and all such Packs ortrufles of Leather or Canvas (had be fiamped of marked on the Outside thereof with the respective Words WOOL or YARN, in large Letters, not lei's than three Inches in Length, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of all such Wooil, or other the Goods aforesaid, with the Package thereof, and three Shillings for every Pound Weight thereof, to be paid by the Owner or Packer of such Wocll or Yarn.

XI. And for preventing any fraudulent Transportation of Wooil, wool fells, 'Mortlings, Sliortlings, combed Wooil, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Worded Yarn, Cruels, or vvooll (lightly manufactured, under the Pretence of carrying the same Coastwise in Great Britain or Ireland, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool!, wool fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, combed Wooil, Woollen or Bay Yam, Worded Yarn, Cruel, or Wool! (lightly manufactured as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, be put or laden on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, bound to Parts beyond the Seas, or shall be carried or laden in order to be carried in any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat Coastwise, or from cne Port of Great Britain or Ireland to another, unless Notice be first given to the Commissioners or chief Managers of the Customs, or to the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port from which the same is intended to be sent or exv ported, of the Quantity, Quality, and Package, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Mafier or Commander on which the said Goods are to be laden, as likewise the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of the said Goods, and the Place of his or their Abode or Habitation, and the Place and Port into which the same are intended to be imported, and to whom consigned; and unless Bond be first entered into to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more sufficient Securities, in Treble the Value of the Goods so intended to be caaried coastwise, that the same shall (the Danger of the Seas excepted] be landed accordingly; due Notice whereof shall be forthwith transmitted by the Customer or Collecior and Comptroller of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, to the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port into which the same is intended to be imported, and Entry made, in the Manner required by this or any other Act; and unless a Licence be also first taken under the Hands of the Commissioners or chief Managers of the Customs for the time being, or any three of them, or from the Customer or Collecior and Comptroller where such Bond is given for the landing and carrying thereof, as aforesaid; Licence they are hereby required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the same; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And all such Bonds so entered into for the carrying such Goods coastwise in Great Britain or Ireland, shall not be discharged, but by producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland where such Goods were landed, setting forth the Quantity, Quality and Package, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Mafier out of which such Goods were landed; and that all such Bonds as shall remain undischarged by such Certificate after six Months, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, who are hereby required to put them in Suit immed ately: And if any Wooil, wool fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, combed Wooil, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Worfied Yarn, Cruels, or Wocll (lightly manufactured, shall be carried or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, in order to be carried coastwise, or from one Port to another Pott, before such Bond entered into, and such Licence taken out as aforesaid, and before all. the direct.ons of this and every other act made to prevent the Transportation of any of the Goods aforesaid shall be fully and duly complied with, so far as the same relate to the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods; or if any of the said Goods shall be laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, bound to Pairs beyond the Seas; then all such Goods as shall be so carried and laden, or the Value thereof, hall be forfeited and lofi, together with the Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, on which such Goods shall be so laden or put on Board, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackie, Apparel, and Furniture.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to alter or iefien any other Security now required by Law for Goods carried coastwise, or to repeal or

L D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 21. 34*

make void any Law now in Force in Great Britain tit Ireland made to prevent the Exportation of Wool,

any the Goods or Commodities aforesaid.

XIII. And for the better preventing Frauds that may be practised in the coliufive landing any Wool Wool) before Woollen Yarn from Ireland, or in the shipping or landing any of the said Goods carried coastwise, whorn> anjj e it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of De te

\mber one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, none of the said Goods imported into this king mi from Ireland, nor any of the said Goods carried coastwise within this Kingdom or Ireland,

I all be landed or shipped, but in the Presence of the proper 'officers appointed to attend the

me, nor at. any other Place or Places, than the lawful Quays set out in 'the Manner prescribed 14 Car. 2. y the Act of Frauds, pasted in the Fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, for England, C i1 rales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and by the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Ma 6 Anns, C 2.6.

Ity Queen Anne, for settling a Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for that Part of the United king )in, without Special Sufferance and Leave had from the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs, at such Quays in Ireland, as are or shall be appointed according to the Laws of that Kingdom; on sin of forfeiting the said Goods, or the Value thereof, and three Shillings for every Pound Weight of ch Goods, to be paid by the Owner or Proprietor thereof, or any Person concerned in such unlawful ipping or landing, to be prosecuted and recovered as hereafter is directed; any Law, Custom, or face to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And in order to prevent any fraudulent Practises by Officers or cjther Persons in making collu fe Seizures, or by entering Informations, and making private or secret Agreements, whereby may be faded any of the Forfeitures or Penalties inflicted by Law to prevent the transporting out of this ingdom any Wool, wool fells, Wool - flocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, Worsted, Bay or Woollen am, fuiiers earth, fulling clay, tobacco pipe clay, or any other scouring Clay or Earth, or to promt the illegal transporting out of Ireland any of the said Goods, or of Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, ays. Frizes, Druggets, cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen manufac iires whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or wool flocks; Be it further enacted by the Autho

ty aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Officers centre

f some or one of the Revenues of Customs or Excise or salt duties, to enter any Information ofinformations of dzure of any Wool, wool fells, or other Species of Goods before enumerated, as forfeited by vir Seizures j le of this or any other Act; nor shall it be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to enter, or mfe or procure to be entered, filed or prosecuted, any Information or Informations against any Person theatco --

r Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid, unless such Information or Informa ney general's "

ris be filed and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names or their Barnes, f some Officer or Officers of some or one of the aforesaid Revenues of Customs, Excise, or salt du only' es in Great Britain or Ireland; and if any Information of Seizure of any of the Goods before mention d shall be made or prosecuted by any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than in the Name of the at trney General, or in the Name of some Officer of his Majesty's Revenue as aforesaid; same, and

II. the Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void; as is also every other nformation or Informations, with all the Proceedings thereon, which shall be filed or entered for any of ie Penalties aforesaid, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than as herein before (icntioned; any Law, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex This Act not ]tnd, to takeaway the Power given to the Commanders and Officers of his Majestyv Ships of War, j?0werofvt^tll0v r the armed Sloops appointed or to be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or the King's Guard, ord High Admiral for the time being, to guard against the Transportation of Wool out of the King ships.

om of Great Britain or Ireland, pursuant to and Act made in the tenth and eleventh Year of King 11 w'3' Villiam the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of 1 rein CL and England, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom of England; nd another Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An additional Act forsge o.a.a.ai. Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the un liwful Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom of II eland to Foreign Parts, or by ny other Acts.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of the Revenue Penalties for hall directly or indirectly make any coliufive Seizure or Information of any of the said Goods, or any ^res^on^f raudulent or coliufive Agreement whatsoever, whereby the Owner or Claimer thereof, their Agents or fleer servants, may avoid the Forfeitures and Penalties, or any Part thereof, incurred by this or any other dt made to prevent the Transportation of Wool], or any of the other Species of Goods before men oned; he shall, for such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and also be rendered in apable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Ktnj ioymenl in the Revenue j and also the Exporters, and Owner, inporters, and Owners of the Goods so collullvely ieized, or with whom such coliufive Agreement shall jtemade, shall forfeit 'I reble the Value thereof; and all such Penalties and Foireitures shall be to the Use jf him or them who fiiali inform or sue for the same, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to go to the In 1 any of his Majesty's Courts ot Record at Westminster, or in the/iourt of Exchequer in Scotland, or infrmer ny of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; w herein no eltoin, Protection or Wager of Law', or tnv more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That any Person whatsoever concerned in any such coliufive or fraud u Encouragement ent Seizure or Agreement, who shall nrft difeoyer such his Offence to the Commissioners of the Cu ^r^ovl 'their toms in England pr Scotland for the time being, or the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland for the Accomplices! ime being respectively, shall be clearly acquitted and discharged thereof, provided he makes such disco <ery within the Space of, three Months after the Offence shall have been committed, and so as any one irmore of his Accomplices therein be convicted thereof t and if such Person first making such Discovery

as:

344 C 21. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 173g

as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, be not an Officer of the Revenue, or Owner of the Goods, h shall, as a further Encouragement for making (udi Discovery, have and receive ro his own Use and Be ncfit the whole Money which on the Conviction or Convictions of such Offender or Offenders shall b recovered from him, her or them, and be levied on his, her or their Eft ate or Effects, the Charges Prosecution being first thereout deducted.

Informations

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Informations, to be had and com

; mi Afiions^nienced upon this, or any other Acts for preventing the Exportation of Wool!, wool fells, Wool rcr ami prose flocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, Worded, Bay or Woollen Yam, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufac euted. tured, or Mattrasses, or Beds duffed with combed Wool!, or Wool dt for combing, fullers earth

fulling clay, tobacco pipe clay, or any other scouring Earth or Clay from Great Britain or Irelandj o. for preventing the Exportation from Ireland into Foreign Parts, of Cloth, Serges, Bays, Kerseys

Frizes, Druggets, Shalloons, Stuffs, cloth serges, or any other Drapery made of or mixed with Wool manufactured in Ireland, may be entered and prosecuted (except where it is in this Act otherwise di -- jedlcdj in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or at the Quarter sessions of the Peace, or before any two Justices of the Peace for any County City or Place in this Kingdom, in a summary Way, at the Election of the Seizer or Informer, or b any Law relating to the Revenue of Ireland, in that Kingdom; wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wagei Onus prokandi to oir Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; and if the Property thereof be claimed bj iieupon the any Person or Persons, in such Case the Onus probandi shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof. Owner. and not on the Officer or Seizer; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary not

withstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties before in this Act mentioned and appointed, except where the same is otherwise directed by this Act, 'shall be to the Use of such Person or.persons as shall seize, inform or sue for the same, in the Manner herein before directed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Condemnation of any Wool, or any other of the Species of Goods before enumerated, the Paid respective Commissioners shall and may cause all such Goods to be publicly sold to the bed Bidder, at such Places as the said commissioner shall think proper; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and out of the Produce of such Sale, they shall cause to be paid all Charges of Condemnation and Sale, and the Remainder to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the same as aforesaid.

Secure "upon

XXI. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, In case any Officer

information the f the Customs, Excise or salt duty, shall receive any Information from any other Person or Persons, informer to whereby any Seizure of the said Goods shall be made, or any Prosecution shall be commenced and car

have Half. j ied on to Effect; such Person or Persons shall have and receive to his own Benefit one Half of what

shall be recovered, levied and received by any such Officer, as a Reward for his Information or diico vew; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provision xxii And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or

ftnder isunabls Persons, Offender or Offenders, shall, by Conviction, Judgement or otherwise, become liable to the to pay the 3 s. Payment of the Penalty of three Shillings per Pound Weight, inflicted by this or any former act made Penalty. to prevent the Exportation of Wool, for such Wool!, or other the Species before mentioned, and shall not be of sufficient Ability to pay the same, by which Means the Informer or Prosecutor will lose the Benefit of such his Information and Prosecution; and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners to cause one Shilling per Pound Weight for all such of the said Goods, for which such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to be paid by the receiver-general of the Revenue under the Management of the respective Commissioners, out of any publick Money in his Hands; and the Money paid by any receiver-general, Cashier, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be accepted of and allowed in his Accounts, as so much Money paid to his Majesty; every such Officer is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, end be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after m?.riiiers of the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, if the Master of any Ships, employ Ship or Vessel employed in the clandestine exporting to Parts beyond the Seas, from Great Britain or expouine'of1'116 Ireland, any Wool, wcoll sells, wool flocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, Worded, Bay or Woollen Wool, to make Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, of Mattrasses, or Beds fiuft with combed Wool, or Discovery there wool fit for combing, or any fullers earth, fulling clay, tobacco pipe clay, or any other scouring of Earth or Clay, or in the clandestine importing from Ireland any Woollen Cloth, Serges, Bays, Ker

feys, Sayes, Frizes, Druggets, cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufacture, made and manufactured in Ireland; or if the Mate or any of the Mariners of such Ship or Vessel shall give an Account in six Months after such dripping or exporting any of the Goods before mentioned, to the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, or to the Commissioners of the Revenues in Ireland respectively, of the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and the Species and Quantities ct such Goods so clandestinely exported or liript for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, together with the Name of the Owner or Owners, Exporter or Exporters of such Goods, or the Name of the Person or Persons who act in his or their Aid and Assistance, so as he or they may be prosecuted and convicted for such his of their Offence or Offences committed against this cr any other Act made to prevent the illegal Exportation of Wool, or any the Species or Goods before mentioned; such Matter, Mate of Mariner, shall not only be indemnified for so doing, but shall be clearly acquitted and discharged from 4. any

345

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 21.

any the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures he or they are by Law subject to for such his or their Offence or Offences; and shall also have and receive three fourth Parts of the Penalties or Forfeitures, clear of Charges, that shall be recovered and received by Means of such their Discovery; the respective Commissioners aforesaid are to cause to be paid and distributed in such Manner and Proportion as they shall think proper, and the other fourth Part to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution and Condemnation; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And to prevent any Dispute relating to the Authority of any Person or Persons acting as an '"fon5 u, Officer, or as Officers of the Customs, Excise or salt duties in Great Britain or Ireland, for the putting fa Ixccu in Execution this Act, or any other Act or acts of Parliament relating to tliofc Revenues, or made tion. against the Transportation of Wool; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, who by Deputation, Commission or other Instrument, under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Customs, Excise or Salt, in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall be appointed to act as an Officer or Servant under them, for putting this or any of the said Acts in Execution, shall be esteemed an Officer of the Customs, Excise or Salt respectively, to all Intents and Purposes in the Law whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons what 300). Penalty soever shall offer or promise to give any Bribe, Recompense or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer bnbeffan05fficer or Officers of the Customs, Excise or Salt in Great Britain or Ireland, to connive at or permit the 1 Transportation or the Concealment of any Wool, wool flocks, wool fells, Mortlings, Shortlings,

Yarn, made of Wool, Cruels or Wool slightly manufactured, or Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, fullers earth, fullers clay, and tcbacco pipe clay, or any other scouring Earth or Clay; or to the removing thereof, contrary to this or any other Act made against the Transportation thereof; or to do, conceal or connive at any other Act, whereby any of the Provisions made by this or any other Law as aforesaid may be evaded or broken; every such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence (whether the same Offer, Proposal or Promise be accepted or performed or not) forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied to the Use of him or them who shall inform or sue for the same by action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoin,

Protection or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. And for the more effectual putting this act in Execution, Be it further enacted by the Au Persons oppo thority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs, Excise or Salts, or any other Person or Persons that shall act in Aid or Assistance of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, Excise deemed Felons, or Salt, in putting this act in Execution, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, molested, wounded or beaten, in seizing any Wool, wool fells, wool flocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, Woollen or Bay Yarn, or any other Species of Goods before enumerated, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, either in the Day or Night, by Land or Water; the Person or Persons that shall so hinder, oppose, obstruct, molest, wound, or beat any such Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons who shall act in his or their Aid or Assistance in the making such Seizures as aforesaid; any other Person or Persons whatsoever, being armed with offensive Arms or Weapons, or wearing any Vizard, Mask, or other disguise, who shall refeue or attempt to refeue any Wool or other the Goods aforesaid, which shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, Excise or Salt; every such Person or Persons that shall be convicted of any of the said Offences shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, be transported to fonie of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, for such Term as such Coutt shall think fit, not exceeding seven Years, in the same Manner as by an act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George Geo. t. C n. the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of wooll, and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates, and by one other act made in the sixth Year 6 Geo. 1. C 23. of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the preventing Robbery and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, the Offenders therein mentioned are to be transported to the said Colonies and Plantations; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain, or Ireland, before the Expiration of the Time for which such Person shall be transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so returning shall suffer as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

I'

XXVII. And whereas by an act passed in the fourth Year of his late Majesty King George Geo. 1. cu. ' the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of wooll, and for declaring the Law ' upon same Points relating to Pirates, it is enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be in Prison for want of sufficient Bail, for unlawful Exportation of Wool or wool fells, and shall refuse to appear or plead to a Declaration or Information to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the Gaoler, Keeper or Turnkey of the Prison, at the said Prison, for the said offer.ce, by the Space of one Term, Judgement shall be entered against him by Default; and in case Judgement shall be ob tallied against any such Person or Persons by Default, Verdict or otherwise, and such Person or Persons shall not pay the Sum recovered against himor them for the said Offence within the Space of three Months after entering up of such Judgement, the Court before whom such Judgement shall be obtained, shall by Order of Court cause such Offender or Offenders to be transported in the same Manner as Felons a ' foresaid, far the Term of seven Years; and if such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain

346 C 21.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

or Ireland before the Expiration of the said seven Years, he or they (itaii suffer as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And e whereas the said Act extended only to the Person or Persons who actually exported the Wool or Wool Geo. i. ' sells, but not to their Aiders or Abettors; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the to the Abettors' Act, and everything therein contained, so far as the same concerns the Exporters of Wool or Wool 0° Exporters? sells shall extend or be construed to extend to all and every Person or Persons who act as Aiders or Abet wooii. tors to such Exporters of Wool or wool fells, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same was

repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Acts.

Bonds not

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds taken or to be taken pursuant

chargeable with to this Acts, shall not be chargeable with any the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any dutiesarn^" Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

e XXIX. And whereas it is found by Experience that great Quantities of Wool, wool fells, Wool flocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, Cruels, Worded, Woollen and Bay Yarn, Mattrasses and Beds duffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, are frequently exported from Great Britain or Ireland in foreign Parts, and of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts, to the great Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; which Practice hath of late been much increased and promoted by evil disposed Persons, who, notwithstanding the Laws already made, do undertake as In. ' or otherwise, that such Goods shall be delivered in Parts beyond the Seas: 'For preventing so 5001. Penalty great a Mischief for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after un insuring or the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, all and every Person or to°bevarfr'cd°in' ^c'rfons whatsoever, who by way of Insurance or otherwise shall undertake or agree, that any of the foreignplts, " 1 Goods or Merchandizes before mentioned shall be carried or conveyed to any Parts beyond the Seas from any Port or Place whatsoever, within this Kingdom or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act for in pursuance of such Insurance, Undertaking or Agreement, shall deliver or cause or procure to be delivered any of the said Goods in any Parts beyond the Seas, such Person or Persons, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors and Assistants, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to the Use of the Informer or Prosecutor, over and above all other Forfeitures and Penalties to which they are liable by any Act now in Force.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall pay or agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the insuring, conveying or exporting out of this Kingdom or Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Acts, any of the Goods or Merchandizes aforesaid; for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the Use of the Informer, or such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Insurer, Conveyer or Manager of or in such Fraud, or the Person or Persons agreeing to insure, convey or manage therein, do or shall within the Space of six Months after such Transaction or Agreement firs give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland for the time being, or to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland for the time being, so as the Person or Persons concerned with him, her or them in such Offence be convicted thereof; he, she or they so sirs discovering, shall not only be clearly acquitted and discharged of such Offence, and from the Penalties to which he, she or they is or are liable by Reason thereof, but shall also have to his, her and their own Use, the whole Forfeiture hereby imposed upon the Party or Parties making such Insurance or Agreement, after the Charges of prosecution are deducted; and shall likewise retain and enjoy to his, her or thfeir own Use the insurance money or Reward given or paid to him, her or them, by the person or Persons concerned with him, her or them therein; and in case the Party or Parties insured shall, within the like Space of six Months, firs make Discovery thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland for the time; being, or to the Commissioners of the Revenue in Irelatid for the time being, so as the Person or Persons concerned with him, her or them in such Offence, be convicted thereof; he, she or they so sirs discovering, shall recover and receive back such insurance money or Premium, as he, she or they hath or have paid upon such Insurance or Agreement; and in case the said insurance money or Premium shall not at the Time of such Discovery be actually paid, then the Person or Persons so sirs discovering, is and are hereby saved harmless, and indemnified from paying the same, or any Part thereof; and all and every Agreement and Agreements entered into for paying such Moneys, is and are hereby declared to be null and void; and such Person or Persons so sirs discovering shall also have to his, her and their own Use the whole Forfeiture imposed upon such Insurer, Conveyer or Manager as aforesaid, after Charges of pro fecution are deducted; and shall also be clearly acquitted and discharged of the Forfeitures hereby imposed upon him, her or them.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by the Persons concerned in the fraudulent and illegal Insurances, or Agreements to insure or be insured as before mentioned, shall be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in any Court of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name of any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance.

XXXIII. And whereas Policies of Insurance are commonly made on Goods and Merchandizes, as well as on Ships or Vessels, wherein the Insurer undertakes, in Consideration of a Premium given him by the assured, to bear all the Risques and Hazards of the Voyage; and it is generally unknown to the Insurers what Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes are loaded on board any Ship or vessel whereby it frequently happens that Insurances are made on Wool or Woollen Yam to be carried

from

The like Penalty on the insured.

Encouragement to Persons in luring and insured, to make Discovery.

The said Penalties how to be recovered.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 22. 347

from Great Britain or Ireland to Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, or on Woollen Manufactures to be carried from Ireland to Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, as well as on Ships or Vessels having on board such Wool or Woollen Yarn, or Woollen Manufactures from Ireland: And whereas the discourag ing all such Insurances may be a Means to prevent the fraudulent Exportation of Wool and Woollen Yarn, and Woollen Manufactures from Irelandbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Policies of Insurance which, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one insurances on thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, shall be made on Goods and Merchandizes loaden or to be dollen Goo; )i loaden on any Ship or Vessel bound from Great Britain or Ireland to Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, which shall afterwards appear to be Wool or Woollen Yarn, or any other Species of Wool before mentioned, or Woollen Manufactures from Ireland, and all Policies of Insurance which, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, shall be made on any Ship or Vessel bound from Great Britain or Ireland to Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, which shall have on board any Wool or Woollen Yarn, or any other Species of Wool before mentioned, or Woollen Manufactures from Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwithstanding any Words or Agreement whatsoever, which shall be inserted in any such Policy of Insurance; nothing shall be recovered by the assured in either Case from the Insurer for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium which shall have been given as the Consideration for insuring such Goods and Merchandizes, Ship or Vessel; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action or Suit shall be General htuc. commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this ACV, the Defendant or Defendants in such action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and Treble Costs, have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants have in other Cases by Law. Concerning V w,

c*[ce fartherf

25 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25 Geo. 2. c. 14 19. 26 Geo. 2. c. 8 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 30 Geo. 2. c. 12.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late majestyking George, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise,

Customs, stamp duties, post office and house money, relating to the Condition of Bonds taken from Mailers of Ships; and to indemnify Persons who have acted under the said Mistake, also to obviate a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act made in the seventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading to the east indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto, with regard to Prosecutions in Ireland in a summary Way, for the fraudulent Importation of East india Goods into that Kingdom.

WHEREAS in the Record of an act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George Preamble, re the First, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues of Excise, Cu siting the A<SJ 1 ftims, Stamp Duties, post cffce, and hoafe money, is a Clause which recites, That whereas diverse Ships 6 c0' C 1!' ' and Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under, laden with Tobacco, Brandy, Spirits and other customable or prohibited Goods, pretending to be bound for foreign Parts, do frequently lie hovering on the Coast of Ireland, with Intention to run the same privately on Shore, as Opportunity offers, to the great Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue, and Ruin of fair Traders; and Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under, do frequently lie hovering on that Coast to take in Wool not lawfully licensed, to be brought into England, and other Staple Commodities of Ireland prohibited to be export ' ed; for the better preventing whereof it was declared and enacted by the said act, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, where any Ship or Vessel of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under, laden with customable or prohibited Goods, (hold be found at An act' chor, or hovering on the Coasts of Ireland, within two Leagues of the Shore, and not proceeding on

"her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, it (hold and might be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs cf that Kingdom, to go on board every such Ship or Vessel, and to take an Account of the Lading, and to demand and take Security from the Mailer or other Person hav ing or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel in that Voyage, by his own Bond, by him to be entered into, unto nis majesty, his heirs and Successors, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shoukl be treble the Value of such Goods then on board, with Condition that such Ship or Vessel, as

soon as Wind and Weather, and the State and Condition of such Ship or Vessel did permit, (hold and would proceed regularly on such Voyage, and (hold not land such Goods (except Wool lawfully licensed as aforesaid) in and at some foreign Port or Ports; and if such Master or other Person having

or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel (hold upon such Demand refuse to enter into such Bond, or having entered into such Bond, should not depart or proceed regularly on such Voyage as soon as Wind and Weather and the State and Condition of such Ship or vessel (hold permit, unless

348 C 22. Anno duodecimo Georgii XI A.D. 1739.

otherwise suffered to make a longer Stay by the Collector, or other principal Officer in his Absence, of such Port where such Ship or Vessel should be, not exceeding twenty Days; then and in either of the said Cases all the Goods loon board such Ship or Vessel should and might by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, by Direction of the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such Ship or Vessel, and forthwith brought on Shore and secured, and in case the said Goods were customable, the Customs and other Duties should be paid for the same; and as concerning Wool or any prohibited Goods, or other Goods liable to Forfeiture, which might be found on board such Ships or Vessels at the Time of their unlading as aforesaid, the same are thereby declared to be subject to Forfeiture, and the Officers of the Customs should and might prosecute the same, as also the Ship or Vessel, in case she should be liable to Condemnation: And whereas there appears to be a Mistake in the said recited Clause in the Act aforesaid, by the Word [not] being inserted in the Record thereof, between the Word \shallj and the Word land contrary to the Meaning and Intention of the said Act Now for remedying the said Mistake, be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing this Act, the herein before mentioned Bonds to be entered into by the Masters of Ships or Vessels, or the Persons having or taking Charge or Command thereof, according to the Direction and Provision before recited The Amend of the said Act, shall be with Condition, That such Ship or Vessel, as soon as Wind and Weather and ntentr the Condition of such Ship or Vessel will permit, shall and will proceed regularly on such Voyage, and shall

land such Goods (except Wool lawfully licensed) in and at some foreign Port or Ports; and if such Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall upon such Demand refuse to enter into such Bond, or having entered into such Bond shall not depart or proceed regularly on such Voyage, as soon as Wind and Weather and the State and Condition of such Ship or Vessel shall permit, unless otherwise suffered to make a longer Stay by the Collector, or other principal Officer in his Absence, of such Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be, not exceeding twenty Days; then ard in either of the said Cases all the Goods soon board such Ship or Vessel, shall and may by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, by Direction of the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such Ship or Vessel, and forthwith brought on Shore and secured; in case the said Goods are customable, the Customs and other Duties shall be paid for the same; and as concerning. Wool, or any prohibited Goods, or other Goods liable to Forfeiture, which, may be found on board such Ships or Vessels at the Time of their unlading as aforesaid, the same are hereby declared to be subject to Forfeiture, and the Officers of the Customs shall and may prosecute the same, as also the Ship or Vessel, in case she shall be liable to Condemnation.

II. And whereas some Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Kingdom of Ireland, and other Persons assisting them, may have gone on board, and demanded and taken Security from the Masters or Persons having the Charge of such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, and have otherwise acted under the said Act, according to the Intention of the said Act, though not according to the Letter thereof,

whereby such Officers and Persons may be liable to Prosecutions for the same; Therefore to indemnify and save harmless such Officers and Persons, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for taking such Persons indem Securities and acting as aforesaid; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Officers and after! according Persons as have taken any such Securities or acted as aforesaid, their Heirs, Executors and administo the intent b strators, shall, and each and every of them are hereby respectively acquitted, indemnified, released and of the Act. discharged of and from all Actions, Prosecutions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Outlawries, Convictions and Judgments incurred, obtained, had or to be incurred, obtained or had, on account, or by reason of the same.

Act 7 Geo. 1. '

III. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his

2u 4 late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects

from trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions, and for encouraging and further fccv.ring the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet;

4 it is amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, no Commodity of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other the Places in the said Act before mentioned, shall be imported or carried into the Kingdom of Ireland, the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or into any Land,

Istand, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place, to his Majesty, or to the Crown of Great Britain belonging, or which flail hereafter b: long to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Africa or America, but such only as shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, loaden and (hipt in Great Britain,

in Ships navigated according to the several and respective Laws now in Being, as to the several Places to which the said Goods shall be imported or carried, under the Penalty ot forfeiting all such Goods or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which they shall be imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition and Apparel; and such Ship and Goods shall and may be seized, and the same, or the Value thereof, shall and may be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in any of his Majesty's Courts in such Land,

Istand, Colony, Territory or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or in the Royal Courts of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them

who shall seize or sue for the same; except such Offence shall be committed in any of his Majesty's Plantations in Africa or America; in which case one third Part of the said Forfeiture shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part to the Governor of such Land,

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 23, 24. 349

Island, Colony or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: if any Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Paid Kingdom of Ireland, or in the Lands, Islands, Colonies,

Plantations, Territories or Places aforesaid, shall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent Importation of any such Commodities as is before mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning of the said last mentioned Act; or' if any such Officer or Officers shall take upon him or them to seize any of the said Commodities, and shall by Fraud or Colluiion defill or delay the Prosecution thereof to Condemnation; he or they so conniving, desisting or delaying, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in Manner aforesaid; Moiety of which Forfeiture to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who will inform and sue for the same; and such Officer or Officers shall also for the future be incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And whereas a Doubt hath arisen, whether by reason of the said Jafl mentioned at the Penalties and' Forfeitures incurred by the Laws now in Force in the said Kingdom of Ireland, against running, or intending to run Goods into that Kingdom, or for landing or carrying the same away without due Entry being made thereof, or paying or giving Security for the Payment of the Duties thereout due and payable to his Majesty, can (as to Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the East Indies, mentioned in the said recited act) be sued for, and recovered in a summary Way,

in any other Manner than by Bill, Plaint or Information in some of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin: And whereas diverse evil disposed Persons have of late been encouraged to run great Quantities of i?uiia Goods into the Kingdom of Ireland, which were not loaden or shipped in or from any

Part of Great Britain, whereby the Payment of any Duty for the same hath been avoided, to the great Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue in the Kingdom of Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; 'For Remedy whereof, and for obviating and taking away all such

Doubts, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in the Commissioners Kingdom of Ireland for the time being, or any three of them, or the sub of of Excise for r sub commifc the time being, or the major Part of them respectively, in their respective Limits and districts in the cifce[n lw Kingdom of Ireland, shall, from and after the passing of this act, and they are hereby authorised and to try Offences required to hear and determine all Offences against any Clause or Article contained in any act of j?sa>rft any Acts Parliament now m Force in the Kingdom of Ireland, made for preventing the running or intending to thepru>nningnfr run into the said Kingdom any Commodity of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, India Goods, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope; and the said Commissioners and sub of shall J" a summary and may, and they are hereby empowered to proceed in a summary Way, and hear, determine and ay

give Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and order and direct the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures to b e Concerning East

recovered and levied, in such or the like Manner, as they the said Commissioners and sub commissioner are enabled to proceed to hear, determine, give Judgement, and levy the Fines, Penalties 17 gi. C 17.-

and Forfeitures in Cases of Excise in the Kingdom of Ireland, by any Law, act or acts of Parliament 272- c9now in Force in that Kingdom; anything in the said act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of 1 e' 3' C 14 "' his late Majesty King George the First to the contrary notwithstanding

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for providing a Reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper Discovery to be made by her for the Use of the Public, of the Medicines prepared by her for the Cure of the Stone.

PR.

WHEREAS Joanna Stephens of the City of Westminster, Spinster, hath acquired the Knowledge of Medicines, and the Skill of preparing them, which by a dissolving Power seem capable of removing the Cause of the painful Distemper of the Stone, and may be improved, and more successfully applied, when the same shall be discovered to Persons learned in the Science of Physic; 'Now for encouraging the said Joanna Stephens to make Discovery thereof, and for providing her a re eompence in case the said Medicines shall be submitted to the Examination of proper Judges, and by them be found worthy of the Reward hereby provided; may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, C "

"granted out of the Supplies for the Discovery of Mrs. stephens's Medicines. Treasury to issue "the said Sum on a proper Certificate."

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to empower the high Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities any Moneys, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to tke Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom, for answering the Charges of the office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

WHEREAS the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain did. Preamble, re on the twenty sixth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty live, make an Order au.

13 Geo. 1. C VI

35© C 24. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739

for the Mailers of the high Court of Chancery to deliver into the Bank of England the Money

Bonds, Tallies, Orders and Effects of the Suitors of the said Court under their respective Care an(

Direction; and the Lord high Chancellor of Great Britain, by an Order of the fourth Day of Novem her following, direct the said Order of the twenty sixth Day of May to be kept and observed, wit!

the Explanations, Alterations and Additions in the said Order of the fourth of November contained.

And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Moneys and Effects of tk Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of east India Bonds and fndorjement.

thereon, as likewise Inaorfements on south-sea Bonds; after reciting and letting forth both the said Orders of the Court of Chancery, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That one Person should be appointed by the high Court of Chancery to act, perform, and do all such Matters and Things relating to the Delivery of the Suitors Money and Effects into the Bank, and taking them out of the Bank,

and the keeping the Accounts with the Bank, and all other Matters relating thereto, as in and by the said recited Orders, or either of them, were prescribed and directed to be done and performed by the Mailers and Usher of the said Court of Chancery; and which Officer so to be appointed, was to be called the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and should hold such Office during the Plea sure of the said Court; and an Account Should be kept in his Name with the Bank of England for and on the Behalf of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Orders with respect to the Masters of the said Court and the Bank; and it was thereby enacted, That the said Accountant General should, as to the several Regulations and Directions prescribed in the said Orders, hand and be in the Place and Room of the Mahers and Uffier of the said Court, and Should receive no other See or Reward from the Suitors for the exercise.of the said Office, than what was allowed to the Mahers in and by the said Order of the twenty sixth of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, the Court of Chancery hath conhantly appointed a Person to exercise the said Office of Accountant General, who thereby became entitled to the Fees allowed to be taken by the said Act: And whereas, although the said Office hath been found to be of public Utility, and of great Benefit and Safety to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, yet the Fees allowed for the Execution of the said Office are very disproportionate and unequal, for that in all Instances of Receipts and Payments, Acceptances and Transfers of small Sums, the said Fees are a great Burden to the Suitors; and also that for a great Variety of Business and Transactions in the said Office, which are either prescribed; by the said Act, or are absolutely necessary for the regular keeping of the Suitors Accounts, no See is provided or can be taken under the same Act* And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and and?. 33. 4 passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the high Court of Chancery; it was, amongst other Things, enacted,

That all the Money and Cash then deposited in the Bank, or that should at any Time thereafter be paid into or deposited in the Bank, on the Account of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, or any

of them, or by Order of the said Court, and all the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties given by the said Actor borrowed thereon, and paid into the Bank, should be accounted and taken to be one common and general Cash, and Should be promiscuously issued and issuable, when and as the Court of Chancery Should direct, for the answering, paying and clearing the Debts and Demands of any of the Suitors of the said Court: And whereas from many Years Experience it hath been found,

that there always hath been and now is a very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank; 'Wherefore in order to give Ease

to the Suitors of the said Court, and likewise provide a just Support and Maintenance for an Office

which is so essential to the Security of the Suitors Property; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com 3;, oooo I. of the rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Calli ca.ih of the that now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, belonging to the

cery0in the Bank Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum 'not exceeding thirty live thousand Pounds, shall and may by

io be placed virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to time, be out on Govern placed out III one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities, as in 11-111 ev.um.es. an(j by such Order or Orders shall be directed; to the Intent that the Interest and annual Profits arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the Purposes

herein after mentioned; and that the said Court of Chancery may, from time to time, change

the Security or Securities on which the said Moneys shall be placed, as the said Court shall think expedient.

The interest to

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Interest and annual Profits arising and to be produced the Eanked by rom ie fed Securities, shall from time to time be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act; and that out of such Interest Money and annual Profits, there shall be paid by quarterly Payments the annual Sum of one thousand and twenty Pounds; which Payment shall be made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be Salaries a made for that Purpose; videlicet, To the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of

mounting to six hundred and fifty Pounds; to his first Clerk, the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds; to his

tote'pa?dani1* tecond Clerk, the Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds; which said Salaries shall commence from

thereout, the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty

in lieu of Fees nine; and shall be in lieu of, and in Recompense and Satisfaction for, all Fees whatsoever, which from

8 that

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II.

C 25' 35i

that time shall or would be due or payable to the said Office by the Suitors; and that the Residue of the Interest and annual Profits arising and to be produced from the said Securities, shall be accounted for and taken as Part of the common and general cash of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and shall be issued and applied pursuant and according to the Directions of the before recited Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the high Court of Chancery.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, no See or Fees whatsoever shall be taken in the said Office for any Matter or Thing directed to be done or performed therein by the act herein first recited j and that if any Person belonging, or who shall hereafter belong, to the said Office shall presume to take any Fee or Reward, every such Person shall be looked upon as guilty of Extortion, and shall and may be liable to be prosecuted for the same by Indictment or Information, or upon Complaint thereof made to the Court of Chancery shall be punished for the same as for a Contempt of the Court.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the said Sum of thirty-five thousand Pounds shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the same, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities on which the same shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general cash belonging to such Suitors.

which are to cease from 19 Sept. 1739.

The raid Sum, or any Part thereof, to be recalled, in case of need.

See farther 23 Geo. 2. c. 25.

CAP. XXV.

An act to obviate forne Doubts which have arisen upon the consti uction of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, and for rendering more effectual a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather 3 and for repealing two Clauses in the said last mentioned Act.

WHEREAS certain Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of an Act passed In the first Preamble, re Year fte gn f their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act citing the acy

for explaining Part of an Act made in the ft ft Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning f

tanned Leather, relating to the cutting and soiling of tanned Leather in small Pieces: And whereas the'J '

cutting and selling of tanned Leather in small Pieces, for the Use of the various Artificers working up the same into made Wares, is a great Convenience and Advantage to such Artificers, and a Benefit to the Public in generalmay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun Liberty granted' dred and thirty-nine, it shall and may be lawful for all Leathersellers, Curriers, Shoemakers, and allobuy, cut and other Persons whatsoever, who do deal or work in Leather, freely to buy all Sorts of tanned Leather curried orun^ in any open Fair or Market, whether curried or uncurried, such Leather being first searched and sealed curried, in according to the Form of the Statutes in that Case made and provided; and to cut and fell the same in mau keces. any small Pieces, whether curried or uncurried, in their public and open Shops, to the various Artificers who work up and convert the same into their made Wares, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever; anything in the said recited Actor any former Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex persons ungua tend, to give Liberty to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make, cause or procure to be made, Med not here any Boots, Shoes, Clogs or Slippers, or to few, close or fit to the Last, or cause or procure to be sewed, ^e^effecthet0 closed or fitted to the Last, Pieces of Leather for making Boots, Shoes, Clogs or Slippers for Sale, other shoemakers than such Person or Persons who are or shall be legally entitled to exercise the Trade of a Cordwainer, Trade;

or such Persons as shall be Cobblers or Translators.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to give a Right nor shoe

to any Leatherseller, Currier, Shoemaker or any other Person whatsoever, to exercise their respective j^xn^piace^ Trades in any Town Corporate or Place where by Law they cannot now exercise the same. against Law.

IV. And for the making more effectual a Clause in the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign - C C 22 of King James the First, which obliges Curriers to curry Leather for the several Artificers working' c'22' up the same; Be it Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Currier or Curriers shall, Penalty on from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, re Curriers refu fuse to curry any Leather brought or sent to him or them for that Purpose, by any Leatheifoliers, Shoemakers

or other Persons whatsoever, who do deal or work in Leather, or shall neglect to curry the within a limited same within the Space of sixteen Days, between the twenty-eighth Day of September and the twenty time, fifth Day of March following, and within the Space of eight Days in the remaining Part of the Year, after such Leather shall be brought or sent and delivered to him or them; such Currier or Curriers, who shall in either of the said Cases offend, shall for every such Offence, being thereof lawfully con vidied before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where such Offence shall be committed, by the Oath of one or more credible

Witness

C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

Justices may. mitigate Penalties.

Appeal from diem to the quarter scf fions.

Two Clauses in the Act 1 Jac. 1. repealed.

See 13 cvj.2. r.s.

Privileges of the Curriers Company not hereby lessened.

[Public Act.]

Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of tyre offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any there shall be) after deducing the Expense of such Distress and Sale, to the Owners thereof; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; anything in the said Clause, or in any former Law contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Justices, where they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Penalties according to their Discretion.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Determination of the Justice or Justices aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be next held for such County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; and that the Determination of the Justices, or the major Part of them then and there made, shall be conclusive and final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Determinations or Proceedings as above directed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the two Clauses in an Act made in the first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of Leather, which prohibit any Persons dwelling in London, the Liberties thereof, or within three Miles of the said City, occupying wet curried Leather in their Art or Occupation, to put forth such Leather to be curried, but to such Persons as are free of the Company of Curriers of the City of London, under Pain of Forfeiture of such Leather, or the Value thereof,; and also prohibiting any Persons within the said City, or three Miles Distance, to put in any made Wares any curried Leather, before the same shall be searched and allowed by the Wardens of the Curriers of London, and be sealed with their Seal, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Hide or Skin otherwise curried or employed, six Shillings and eight Pence, and the Value or such Hide or Skin; shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be, and are by this present Act repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; thing in the said recited Actor any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise no.twithstanding.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lessen or take away any Power or Privilege given to the said Company of Curriers by Charter or Grant, so far as they may or can use or exercise file same in the City of London or Liberties thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Preamble, reciting the Act 28 Ed. 1. C 20.

S ({ 4- C is ft c 4 s It. 5. C 3.

i Hen. 6. C 14. 4 H. 7, C 2.

is Eliz. C 15.

I! Car. 2. C 7.

iff'.&m. ji. I.

C r.

6 6f 7 rr. 3.

C 17.

7 is ft'. 3.

f. ic,

S, W. 3. C 8. V 3. C zs.

12 ff, 3. C 4.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, made amongst other Things for the allaying, touching and marking vessels of Gold, it was ordained. That no Goldsmith within the King's Dominions Should thenceforth make any Vessel, Jewel, or other Thing of Gold or Silver, but of true Allay, videlicet, Gold not worse than the Touch of Paris; and Silver of the Sterling Allay, or better; and that no Silver Vessel 'should depart out of the worker's Hands, till allayed by the Wardens of the Craft, and marked with the leopard's Head; and that the Wardens Should go from Shop to Shop amongst the Goldsmiths, to allay if their Gold was of the Touch aforesaid, and if it was not, the same Should be forfeited; and that all the goo 1 X owns of England, where Goldsmiths were, should be ordered by that Statute, as well as those in London and that one (for the rest) from each Town Should come to London, to be ascertained of the Touch; and if any Person Should offend against that Statute, he Should be punished by Imprisonment, and ransom at the King's Pleasure: And whereas by another Act ol Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, concerning the Fineness of har ness of Silver, and the Marks with which it Should be marked, it was amongst other Things ordained and established, That no Goldsmith nor Worker of Silver within the City of London, should sell any Workmanship of Silver, unless it should be Fine as Sterling, except the same Should need Soder in the making, nor until the same Should be touched with the touch of the Leopard's Head, if it might bear the same, and also with the workman's Mark, on Pain to forfeit double the Value; and that the workman's Mark should be made known to the Wardens of the same Craft: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Regulation of 'Abuses in Goldsmiths, it was enacted, That after the twentieth of April then next, no "Goldsmith Should work, sell or exchange, or cause to be wrought, sold or exchanged, J any 'Plate or Goldsmiths Ware of Gold less in Fineness than twenty-two Carradts, nor with more than necessary Soder; nor should make, sell or exchange any Plate or Goldsmiths Wares of Silver, less in Fineness than eleven Ounces two pennyweight; nor put to idle, exchange or sell any Plate or Goldsmiths Work of Silver, before he (hold have set his own Mark thereto, if it might bear the same, upon Pain to forfeit the Value of the Thing so sold or exchanged: And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled, 'An Act for appointing Wardens ami assay wafers for a flying wrought Plate, in the Cities

353

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 26.

of York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester and Norwich, it was amongst other Things enabled, That the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths and plate workers, who then were, or should be free of, and inhabiting in,

any of those Cities, and having served Apprenticeships thereto, Should be and were thereby respectively incorporated a Company of and belonging to such City, and (hold be called and known by the Name of the Company of Goldsmiths of such City respectively, and were thereby authorised to

debt two wardens yearly, and to elect an altayer in each of the said Cities; and that it (hold be 1 /1" r ft 9,

lawful for such altayer to detain eight Grains from every Pouiyd Troy of Silver he (hold allay; and l°ff' C 2^'

that such altayer (hold be paid towards his Charge and Trouble in the allaying the Plate of Persons C 1. C u.

inhabiting any Town or Place where no altayer was or shoukl be appointed, a Sum not exceeding six Pence in every Pound Troy; and the Goldsmiths of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne have, by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, been incorporated with the like Powers: And whereas the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mylfery of Goldsmiths of the 1 City of London are and have been a Guild or Corporation Time out of Mind, with diverse Privileges,

confirmed and enlarged from time to time by several Charters from his Majesty's Royal Predtcefiors,

Kings and Queens of this Realm (amonglf other tilings) for the l'earching, altaying, supervising,

marking and regulating Wrought Plate, in order to ascertain the Standard thereof, for the Good and Safety of the Public: And whereas his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Pa

under his Great Seal of England, bearing Date the fourth Day of January in the eighteenth Year of his Reign, reciting. That the Wardens of the said Company, in punching Defaults in the said Trade, had been at great Charges, and at the Peril of their Bodies, as well as the Loss of their Goods, lo that the Wardens then late, on account of the Menaces and Afiiiults from the Workers,

could not put into Execution the Authorities given to them by former Charters, and many Frauds had been committed; therefore his said Majesty King Charles the Second, by his said Letters Patent,

nnpowered the Wardens of the said Company of Goldsmiths of London, and their successors, to commit Offenders to Prison, and to let Fines upon them, and to seize and break deceitful Wares: And"

whereas the Standards of the Plate of th s Kingdom are both for the Honour and Riches of the Realm,

and so highly concern his Majesty's Subjects, that the same ought to be mols carefully observed, and

all Deceits therein to be prevented as much as possible; but notwithstanding the aforesaid several Aids of Parliament and Charters, great Frauds are daily committed in the manufactureing of Gold and Sil ' ver Wares, for want of sufficient Power efrcdlually to prevent the same; 'Now for remedying such Abuses for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and Fineness of after the twenty eighth Day of May onej thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Goldsmith, Sil and silver versmith, or other Person whatsoever making, trading or dealing in Gold or silverwares, within that' ares!lrmte Part of Great Britain called England, shall work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made

any Gold vessel, Plate, or Manufadf ure of Gold whatsoever, less in Fineness than twenty-two Carradts of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy; nor work or make, or cause or procure to be wrought or made, any Silver vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver whatsoever, less in Fineness than eleven Ounces two pennyweight of fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy; nor sell, exchange or expose to Sale, or export out of this kingdom, any (fold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold whatsoever, made after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and th rtv nine, less in - Fineness than twenty-two Carradts of fine Gold in every Pound Weight Troy; nor sell, exchange or expose to Sale, or export out of this Kingdom, any Silver vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver whatsoever, made after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, less. Fineness titan eleven Ounces two penny Weight of fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy; upon Pain that every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and for Default of Payment the Offender (had be committed by the Court, in which Judgement shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City or Liberty where convicted; there to remain, and be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing ip this AST shall extend to any Jewel this Act not

lers Works, that is to say, any Gold or Silver wherein any Jewels or otier Stones are or shall be ^xeiterstq set (other than Mourning Kings) nor to any jointed Night earrings of Gold, or Gold Springs of Works (except Lockets. _ _ Mourning

III. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Shopkeeper, or other Person trading or rlnbt dealing in Gold or Silver Wares (not being the Maker or Worker thereof) shall happen to exp rt, fell How shopkeep or expose to Sale any Gold or Silver Wares worse thart the repetitive Standards, and shall within empwd'^rom*' fourteen Days next after Notice of the coarsenel thereof to him or her r en, discover and make known i'rofecutions. to the Party aggrieved, or to the Mailer, Wardens or Clerk of any. the Companies of Goldsmiths belonging to the Place or dilfridt within which inch Shopkeeper, or other Per on trading cr dealing in

Gold or Silver Wares as aforesaid, shall reside, the Na e and Place of Abode of the Maker or Work r thereof, or of the Person or Persons of whom such Shopkeeper, or other Person trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares as aforesaid, really bought such coarse Gold or silverwares; and shall produce him, her or them, if living, lo that he, she or they may be sued or prosecuted for the same; and if such Shopkeeper or other Person trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, who sold, exposed to Sale, or exported the same, shall, at any trial to be had again if such Maker or Worker, or such other Person or Persons of whom the same were bought as aforesaid, for such Offerne, give or produce material vol. VJ. Z z Evident

C. 26. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

Evidence against such Maker or Worker, or such other Person of whom the same were bought as aforesaid; the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall under his Hand upon the Record certify the same; and also that there did not on such Trial appear any Ground to believe that such Shopkeeper, or other Person trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares as aforesaid, was concerned in or privy to such Fraud; or if such Shopkeeper or Dealer shall on the Trial of any Suit or Prosecution against him, her or theml elves, concerning the Premises, prove that he, she or they delivered to such Maker or Worker a sufficient Quantity of Standard Gold or Silver to make the said Wares, and paid a reasonable Price for the Fashion thereof, or paid such Maker or Worker, or other Person or Persons, a Market Price for Standard Gold or Silver of that Weight, besides a reasonable Price for the Fashion thereof 3 then and in any or either of the said Cases such Shopkeeper or Dealer shall be and is hereby exempted and discharged from, any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred by this Act for exporting, selling or exposing to Sale such coarse Gold or silverwares as aforesaid, and from any Action, Suitor Prosecution for the same; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That it shall not be necessary for such Shopkeeper or other Person trading or butwithin4 dealing in Gold or Silver Wares, who sold, exposed to Sale, or exported such coarse Gold or Silver Terms. Wares as aforesaid, to give or produce such Material Evidence, or to procure such Certificate as aforesaid,

in order to his Indemnity or Discharge from any Penalty or Forfeiture by virtue of this Act, unless such Trial against such Maker or Worker, or other Person of whom the same were bought as afcre said, shall be had within four Terms after such Discovery made as aforesaid respectively; nor unlefe reasonable Notice shall be given to such Shopkeeper or other Person trading or dealing in Gold or Silver Wares as aforesaid, of the Time of such Trial.

Penalty on fell V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-eighth in Goldor sil Day of a/ay one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person ver Wares be whatsoever, making or selling, trading or dealing in, Gold or Silver Wares, shall fell, exchange or fore marked. expose to Sale, within that Part of Great Britain called England, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, made after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, or export the same out of this Kingdom, until such time as such Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold, (being of the Standard of twenty-two Carracts of fine Geld per Pound Troy) and such Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Silver (being of the Standard of eleven ounces twopenny Weight of fine Silver per Pound Troy) shall be marked as followeth; that is to say, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the feld Letters of his Christian and Surname, and with these Marks of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, viz. the leopard's Head, the Lion Passant, and a distinct variable Mark or Letter to denote the Year in which such Plate shall be made; or with the Mark of the Worker or Maker, and with the Marks appointed to be used by the Assayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne; or Plate (being of the Standard of eleven Ounces ten penny Weight of fine Silver per Pound Weight I roy) with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the first Letters of his Christian and Surname, as aforesaid, and with these Marks of the said Company, viz. the lion's head erased, the Figure of a Woman, commonly called Britannia, and the said Mark or Letter to denote the Year as aforesaid; with the A'lark of the Worker or Maker, and the Adarks of one of the said Cities or Towns; upon Pain that every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, and other Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and

Ety the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and for efault; of Payment, shall be committed by the Court in which Judgement shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City or Liberty, where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture.

Wares except

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to1* oblige any of the following Wares of Gold or Silver to be stamped or marked by the said respectiwr

Companies of Goldsmiths, or any of them; that is to say, Rings, Collets for Rings or other Jewels, Chains, Necklace Beads, Lockets, hollow or raised Buttons, Sleeve Buttons, Thimbles, Corral Sockets and Bells, Ferrils, Pipe Lighters, Cranes for Bottles, very small Book Clasps, any Stock or Garter Clasps, jointed, very small Nutmeg Graters, p.ims of Snuff Boxes, whereof Tops or Bottoms re made of Shell or Stone, Sliding Pencils, Toothpick Cases, Tweezer Cases, Pencil Cases, Needle Cases, any Philligree Work, any Sorts of Tippings or Swages on Stone or Ivory Cases, any Amounts, Screws, or Stoppers to Stone or Glass Bottles, or Phials, any small or (light Ornaments put to Amber or other Eggs or Urns, any wrought Seal or Seals with Cornelian or other Stones let therein, or any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver so richly engraved, carved or chased, or set with Jewels or other Stones, as not to admit of an Assay to be taken of, or a A'lark to be struck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing or defacing the lame, or such other Things as by reason of the smallness or thinnness thereof are not capable of receiving the Marks herein before mentioned or any of them, and not weighing ten penny Weight of Gold or Silver each.

Penalty in the '

VII. And whereas by a ciaure contained in the said recited Act made in the twelfth Year of th Act northwest. 3. C Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, it was enabled, That if any Person should

c m. re counterfeit any of the Stamps appointed by that Act to be used by the Wardens or Assayers there

pej^' ' in mentioned for marking wrought Plate, or any of the Stamps uled by the Wardens of the Company of Goldsmiths of tyre City of London, such Person should for every such Offence forfeit the Sum ' of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as therein is mentioned; And whereas the said Penalty or Forfeiture of five hundred Pounds for counterfeiting the Stamps on wrought Plate is by

355

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 26.

Experience found to be too great a Penalty or Forfeiture, and hath been some Occasion of Persons e escaping unpunished, who have been guilty of counterfeiting the Paid Stamps, whereby the good In ' tention of the said Act hath been evaded; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause, and the Powers therein contained, shall from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, cease and determine; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of A say one tltou sand seven hundred and thirty-nine, if any Goldsmith or Silversmith, or other Person whatsoever, shall call, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cart, forged, or counterfeited, any of the Marks or Stamps of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or any of the Marks or Stamps appointed to be used for marking wrought Plate at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich or Nevacaflle upon Tyne, or any of them j or shall call, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cart, forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Impression, to referable any Mark, Stamp or Impression, to be made with any Mark or Stamp to be used by the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or by the Wardens or af sayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, or any of them in pursuance of this Act or any other Acts of Parliament now in Force; or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, with any such counterfeit Mark or Stamp, any wrought Plate of Gold or Silver whatsoever, or any Wares of Brass. or other base Metal lilvered or gilt over, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of wrought Plate to another, or to any Vessel of such base Metal as aforesaid, any of the Marks Stamps or Impressions made, or to be made, by or with any of the Marks or Stamps of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or of the Wardens or Aflayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich or Newcastle upon Tyne, or any of them, used or to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, in pu.fu ance of this or any other Act of Parliament now in Force) or shall sell, exchange or expose to Sale any Manufacture of Gold or Silver, or export the same out of this Kingdom, with any such such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Impression ihereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impression so transposed or removed from another Piece of Plate as aforesaid, knowing such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be forged, counterfeited or transpycd or removed as aforesaid; such Goldsmith, silver finith or other Person shall for every or any of the said Offences forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pcunds, to be recovered and disposed of as in this Act is mentioned; and for Default of Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be committed by the Court in which Judgement shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City or Liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of two Years, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture.

IX. And whereas great Frauds and Abuses are daily committed by the private working and manu faduring cf Silver Plate, without the Notice or Knowledge of the Commissioners or Officers appointed

by his Majesty for managing the Duty, notwithstanding the Powers given for preventing the same by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for laying a Duty on wrought Plate: Now for the better preventing such Frauds and Abuses, and the discovery of such pri vate Workhouses or Places for the future; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of A day one thousaild seven hundred and thirty-nine, every working Goldsmith and Silversmith, and other Manufacturer of Gold or Silver whatsoever, who shall at any time or times after the said tvrenty eighth Day of May one thousaild seven hundred and thirty-nine, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, by this act required to be marked by the said Company of Goldsmiths, or by the said Wardens or Aflayers at the Cities or Places aforesaid respectively, shall from time to time send with every Parcel of such Gold or Silver to the A stay Office of the said Company, or to the said Wardens or Aflayers, a Note or Memorandum in Writing containing the Day of the Month and Year, the Christian and Surnames of the Worker or Maker, and Place of his Abode, all the Species in such Parcel of Plate, and the Number of each Species, wi: h the total Weight of such Parcel; which Note or Memorandum shall be entered in like Manner by some Officer or Servant of the said Company, or by the said Wardens or Aflayers, or their Servants, in one or more of their Book or Books, and shall be afterwards filed; and the Officer or Servant of the said Company, or such Warden or Afiayer as aforesaid, who shall so enter and file such Notes or Memoranda, shall monthly transmit or deliver on Oath into the excise office all the Notes or Memoranda by him or them received of or for Silver Plate assayed and marked at the respective assay offices, or true Copies thereof; and the Commissioners of Excise shall and may, and they are hereby fully authorised and empowered monthly or oftener if the' shall think fit, to appoint any Person or Persons to inspect and examine the Book or Books in the assay offices, in order to check any Account or Accounts of wrought Plate chargeable with the said Duty; and for eveiw Default of such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Manufacturer of Gold or Silver, and of such Officer or Servant of the said Company of Goldsmiths as aforesaid, and for every Default of such Warden or Afiayer at any of the said other Cities or Places, touching or concerning any of the before mentioned Premises, he, each, and every of them, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and for want of Payment the Offender shall be committed by the Court, in which Judgement shall be given thereon, to the Koufe of Correction for the County, City, or Liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture.

X. And whereas by a Clause contained in the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, it is enacted, That any Person or Persons exporting by way of Merchandize

100 I. Penalty 011 forging Stamps.

77 is Clause is rep: aled hj jl Geo. 2. c. 32., 9/jrcb m Us forgi»z Stitufi, eav.

uoithout Bereft of Clergy.

Clause to prevent the private working of Silver Plate.

6 Geo. ic. rr

X

356 C 26-

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739

Soder,

chandize for any Foreign Parts any wrought Plate or Manufactures of Silver charged by the Paid Ad ' with the said Duty of fx Pence per Ounce, which was made or marked after the first Day C ' June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and giving sufficient Security before the Shippin;

thereof for Exportation, that such Plate or Manufactures of Silver shall not be re landed or borough

again into Great Britain, and making Oath or Affirmation that the same was actually made or market

after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty; every such Person shall be paid a Drawback or Allowance of sixpence for every Ounce of such Plate or Manufactures of Silvei 1 to exported, by the Collector or Receiver, or by the of of the said Duty on Plate ir.

Manner by the said Act directed: And whereas by virtue or under colour of the said Clause, for giving the said Drawback or Allowance, great Frauds and Abuses have been committed in the said Duty, by frequent Exportations of very old Silver Plate out of this Kingdom, not fit for any Use but to be melted down, and by drawing back the said Duty of sixpence per Ounce thereupon Now for the

No Drawback preventing of such Frauds and Abuses for the 'future, be it enacted by the Authority afoiefa.d. That on the Fxpor from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, no de l'jat^abo veve*" benture hail be granted, nor any Drawback or Allowance whatsoever shall be paid, on the Exportation Yearsoirh^ of such Plate or Manufactures of Silver out of this Kingdom, in case the same shall have been made seven Years or more before the Day of the entering of the same for Exportation; anything in the said last mentioned act or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it may be necessary to use a greater Quantity of Soder in or about one Piece of wrought Plate more than another, so that the same cannot be ascertained by any general Rule, and there being greet Frauds daily committed by using too much Soder in or about, or by putting the same upon wrought Plate, and there cannot be any certain Ru e prescribed for the Forwardness in the Workmanship that every particular Piece of Plate ought to be of before it shall be marked; 'Be it Wardens to de therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty eighth Day of Mey Quantities one seven hundred and thirty-nine, it shall ard may be lawful, to and for any Warden or Deputy Warden of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or to and for any Warden or Afiayer of

'York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich and Newcastle upon Tyne (such Warden, Deputy Warden, or Afiayer, being or having been a w orking Goldsmith or Silversmith) to adjudge, order, and determine what Soder is necessary in or about.every Piece of Plate which shall be brought or sent to the said af say offices to be allayed or marked, and how forward in the Workmanship thereof the same ought to be, and whether all the Pieces are put or affixed together, or not, which are intended to be put or affixed together, on his or their seeing the same; and when such Warden, Deputy Warden, Wardens, or Alfayers, or any of them, shall adjudge any Piece or Parcel of Plate to be too much charged with Soder, or not forward enough in the Workmanship thereof, or the Pieces not put or affixe. together, that (as he or they think) are intended to be put or affixed together, or that any such p.ece of Plate is uncapable of being marked as aforesaid, he or they shall and may refuse to permit the same to be allayed or marked for any of the Causes aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That every Person who shall think him or herself any way aggrieved, prejudiced, or damaged by any Judgement, Order, or Determination of any such Warden or Deputy Warden of the sail Company of Goldsmiths in London, pursuant to the Powers herein before given, or any of them, may appeal to the other Wardens of the said Company for the time being, or any two of them, or to the Meeting of the Standing Committee of the said Company; and if not satisfied with the Determination of the said Wardens or Committee, may appeal from thence to the Court of Assistants of the said Company, or may appeal in the first: Instance to the said Court of Assistants, by Writing under his or her Hand, desiring their Order or Judgement thereupon, who upon such Complaint, on hearing the Case, are hereby respectively authorised and required to determine the same; but the Order and Determination of the Court of Assistants of the said Company shall be final and conclusive.

XIII. And whereas the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London have for many Years last past been at very great Trouble and Expenses in afiaying and marking wrought Plate, and the same hath of late Years very much increased, by their afiaying and marking several Sorts of small Wares of Gold ard Silver, which were not heretofore usually allayed and marked,

and of which there are much greater Quantities now made than were heretofore made; Therefore for the better enabling the said Company to defray such Expenses for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as the Court of Assistants of the said Company shall authorise and appoint, to ask, demand, take and receive of and from all and every such Person and Persons as fha from time to time bring or send to the afiay office belonging to the said Company, any Piece or Parcel of wrought Plate of Gold or Silver to be allayed, tried and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, as they shall from time to time think fit, so as such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards, do not exceed the several and respeisiive Prices, Sums of Money, and Rewards following; that is to say, For allaying, trying and marking Gold Watch Cases or Gold Watch Boxes, ten Pence apiece; for Gold Hooks for Watch Chains, ten Pence apiece; for Gold Buckles, five Pence apiece; for Gold Snuff Bo xes, fifteen Pence apiece; for every other Piece or Parcel of wrought Gold, weighing thirty Ounces, or under, two Shillings and sixpence; for such Piece or Parcel ot wrought Gold weighing above thirty Ounces to fifty Ounces, three Shillings and nine Pence; and foin Proportion for greater Pieces or Parcels.

Appeal from them.

i'rices for the alfaying wrought Hate limited.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 26. 357

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That if any Parcel or single Piece of wrought Gold shall be brought or sent to the said Office to be assayed, which according to the Rates or Prices above limited shall not amount to the Sum of fifteen Pence; that then there shall be paid for assaying and marking such Parcel or single Piece of wrought Gold, a Price or Reward not exceeding fifteen Pence; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their successors, or for such Person or Persons as the Court of Assistants of the said Company shall authorise and appoint, to aik, demand, take and receive, of and from all and every Person and Persons who shall from time to time, after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, bring or send to the said assay office any Piece or Parcel of large Silver Plate weighing four Pounds Weight Troy, or less, jfor the assaying and marking every such Piece or Parcel, a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding five Pence; and for every Piece or Parctfl of such Plate weighing above four Pound Weight Froy, there shall be taken out and detained, a Diet not exceeding ten Grains per Pound Weight Froy: And the said Wardens and Commonalty, and their Successors, and such Person or Perluits as the Court of Affidavits of the said Company shall authorise and appoint, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to ask, demand, take and receive for allaying, trying and marking the several small Wares of fiver so lowing, of and from the Person and Persons, who shall from time to time after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, bring the same to the said assay office to be allayed and marked, such Prices or Sums of Money, as they shall from time to time think tit, so as such Prices or Sums of Money do not exceed the Prices or Sums of Money following; that is to say, For every sword hilt, five Pence; for every snuffbox, three Penee three Farthings; for every Pair of Spurs, threepence three Farthings; for every wateh c.ffe or watcii box, twopence Flalfpenny; for every Knife or fork hast, five Farthings; for every Pair of Buckles, one halfpenny; for every Pair of tea tongs, five Farthings; for every Dozen of tea spoons or tea straineis, three Penee three Farthings; for belt buckles, belt locks, Runners and Pendants, twopence Halfpenny apiece; for every orange drainer or nutmeg grater, five Farthings; for every dram cup, three Farthings; for every Dozen of Seals, threepence three Farthings; for every salt feller, five Farthings; for every Pair of Chips, three Farthings; and for every Dozen ot Buttons, threepence, three Earthings.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, 'I hat if any Parcel or single Piece of Wrou ht Silver Plate shall be' brought or sent to the said Office to be allayed, which according to the respective Rates or prices herein before limited shall not amount to the Sum of five Pence; then there shall be paid for allaying and making such Parcel or single Piece of Silver Plate, a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding five Pence; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on re.fa refuse or neglect to pay such respective Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards, as may by this act be demanded,

and are hereby respectively required to be paid on account or for the Purposes aforesaid; that irtg^&c. i then it shall be lawful for any Warden or deputy warden of the said Company for the time being, to refuse to assay, try or mark all or any of the Plate of such Person or Persons so neglecting to pay, until such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards as aforesaid, shall be afhially paid.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the The same Prices

Assayers at Tori, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich and ncivcatue upon Tyne, and every of them for pexeur the time being, to ask, demand, take and receive, the like Rates or Prices respectively, for assay C 5 '

ing and marking wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, as the Company of Goldsmiths in London are hereby empowered to receive and take, and shall and may refuse to afiay, try or mark Plate, for any Default of Payment.

XIX. Provided likewise, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That in case the said Prices, Sums V

of Money or Rewards, hereby given, granted or allowed, for the assaying and marking wrought applied!'v ° Plate, shall raise more Money than shall be sufficient to den ay the neceflaty Expenses of the said respective assay offices, then the Overplus Money (if any) shall be applied, from time to time, in

the prosecuting Offenders against this act; and if such Prosecutions shall not require the whole Overplus (if any) that then the said Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards, shall afterwards be lessened i: V Proportion by the said respective Companies of Goldsmiths; tlvey are hereby required to take so much less for the assaying, trying and marking wrought Plate for the future, as will answer the purposes aforesaid only, without bringing any Profit to any of the said respective Companies; anything herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty airiy ofitce to eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, the assay offee of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London shall be kept open for the taking in Plate, from seven of the Clock the Horning, 1 in the Morning till nine, of the Clock of the same Morning, every working Day or" Hall Day; and the Weigher shall take in the same, with the Notes or Memoranda thereof hereby direbied to be sent, therewith, and he shall weigh, and take an Account thereof before the same be assayed, and afterwards weigh the Plate back, and deliver the same to the Owner or his Order; and when and as often as the Common Allayer or common Assayers of the said Company, or such common Assayer or common Assayers, or his and their Affninnt or Assistants, or any of them (such Assayers and af (iffants being from time to time appointed by the Court of Assistants of the said comp"ny, and sworn truly to execute their respective Offies) or any Assayer at Tori, Exeter, Brijirl, Chester, Norwich or Newcastle upon Tyne, shall find or discover any Parcel of Plate to be of a courier Allay than.

358 C 27.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

Penalty on not cutting new Ala' ks, cue.

Forfeitures how to be recovered.

I imitation of Athens.

General Wire.

Treble Cells.

Publick Atl.

Cowriting gold etr.dfill'd see far tier 15 Geo. 2. C

the said respective Standards, and shall so report the same after three Aflays made thereof; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Warden or deputy warden of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or any Warden of the Company at any of the Cities or Places aforesaid, to cut, break and deface, or canfe to be cut, broken and defaced, such Parcel of Plate, at any Time after three Days next after the lad Afiay made the; eof, and not sooner, unless the Person who brought or sent the same desire it to be broken and delivered to him sooner; and there drall nevertheless be paid for the allaying of the same such Rates or Prices as are herein before limited for allaying and marking, as if such Parcel of Plate had been really marked.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-eighth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, all and every Person and Persons, who shall work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Gold or Silver Vessel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall first enter his, her and their new Marks, Names and Places of Abode, in the said assay office of the said Company of Goldsmiths in London, or in the assay office at York, Exeter, ristol, Chester, nor ivich or Newcastle upon Tytie\ which new Marks shall be of a Character or Alphabet different from their old Marks; and all his, her and their old Marks, if he, she or they have any, shall be broken or defaced by or in the Presence of the Allayer; on Pain that every Person and Persons offending therein, shall for every or any of the said Offences forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and the further Sum of ten Pounds for uling any other Mark, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is mentioned, and for Default of Payment shall be committed hv the Court, in which Judgement Hull be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City or Liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of

six Months, or until Payment be made of the said Forfeiture.

XXII. And for the (letter Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by tliisacl; Ee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and every of them, shall and may be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Actions or Suits the Defendants shall give or put in Special Bail; and wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and every of them, shall go to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against: the said Wardens and Commonalty, or against: any of the Wardens of the said respective Companies, at the Cities or Places aforesaid, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this present act, or in relation to the Premises,

that in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced before the End

of the next Term after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in tin County, City, Town or Place, where the assay office is or shall be kept whose Officer or Officers shall be complained of, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such action or actions, Suit or Suits to be brought or commenced, may plead the General Blue, and give this act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was dene in pursuance and by the Authority of this present Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place, than aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pass against: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all judges, Justices, and other perfor.s whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

20. 22 Geo. 2. c. 36. 29 Geo. 2. c. 14. 31 Geo. 2. c. 32. 32 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, entitled, No Man of Law shall be jujuce of Assize or Gael Delivery in his own Country; and another Act made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the eighth, intituled An All that none shall be Justice of Affrze in his own Country, C

Preamble, re

WHEREAS by an Act made in tile eighth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Southeast

8 Rica C 2? C cond, entitled, No Man of Low shall be jujuce of Assize or Gaol Delivery in his own Country,

1 it is enacted, That no Man of Law shall from thenceforth he Justice of Assize, or of the t

and 33 Hen. S. C common Deliverance of Gaols, in his own Country: And whereas by an act mace in the

6'7t" ' thirty third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that none shall be Justice cf

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 28. 359

Assize iti' his own Country, &c. it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Justice nor other Man

'learned in the Law of this Realm shall use or exercise the Office of Justice of Assize within any

County where the said Justice was born or doth inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit for every Offence

done contrary to the said Act, one hundred Pounds: And whereas such Acts have been construed

to extend, not only to Justices of Assize and Justices of Gaol Delivery, but also to Justices of Nisi priu, and Justices of Oyer and Terminer -, which Construction hath been attended with very great inconveniencies for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful ju(].cs impow from time to time and at all Times hereafter, to and for the Chief Justice and Justices of either crccpto ad as Bench, and to and for the Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and to and arn

jfer any other Person or Persons learned in the I, aw, who shall be appointed Justice or Justices of tifeirowncoun oyer and Terminer or Gao! Delivery in any County or Counties within that Part of Great Britain tics, called England, to use and exercise the Office or Offices of Justice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer jor Gaol Delivery, in any such County or Counties, notwithstanding the y or any of them shall have been born or do inhabit within any such County or Counties, and that they shall not be liable for Co doing to the said Penalty or Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds, or to any other Forfeiture or Penalty whatsoever; anything in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other Law, Custom tar Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth and eleventh

[Preamble,

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries, after reciting, that for diverse Years before making the said A tat several evil j" 3'

1 dispoied Persons had setup many unlawful Games called Lotteries, not only in the City of London and'

1 Westminster and in the Suburbs thereof, but in most of the ancient Towns and Places in England and the Dominion of Wales; and had thereby most unjustly and fraudulently gotten to them (elves !* great Sums of Money from the Children and Servants of several Gentlemen, Traders and mer t chants, and from other unwary Persons, to the utter Ruin and Impoverishment of many Families,

4 it is delared and enabled. That all such Lotteries, and all other Lotteries, are common and public k 1 Nuisances: whereas in order to suppress all such Lotteries, it is in and by the said said Statute enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of December which shall be 1 in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall publicly or privately, exercise, keep open, shew, or expose to be played at, drawn or thrown at, or shall draw, play or throw at any such Lottery, or other Lotteries, either by Dice,

Lots, Cards, Balls, or any other Number or Figures, or any other way whatsoever, under such Penalties as in the said Act are mentioned and set forth; which said Statute is enforced by an Act ' of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, '9 Anns, C

An Act for reviving, continuing end appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported, 5

and certain Duties upon Coals to be water born and carried coaflivife; and for granting further Duties^10^'- '

uun Candles for thirty-two Tears; to raise fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for tie Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; aid for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries,

and such insurance offices as are therein mentioned: And whereas in and by one other Act of Parlia naent made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, S Geo. r. ca, 'intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, to raise Money by way § s6 ' of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and for transferring! the Deficiencies of a late Malt Atto the Land Tax for the said Tear; for giving Time for insert ing the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures, and touching lojl Bills, Tickets or Orders;

and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and other private Lotteries, and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of the Ben: !; 9gaze. 10.

of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer -, it is enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who after the twenty first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thou fund seven hundred and twenty-one, shall erect, setup, continue or keep, or shall cause or procure to be erected, setup, continued or kept, any Office or Place, under the Denomination of Sales of Houses, Lands, Advowsons, Presentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods or other Things,

for the Improvement of small Sums of Money, or shall fell, or expose to Sale any Houses, Lands,

Advowsons, Presentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods, or other Things, by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers or Figures; or shall make, print, advertise or publifti, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, Proposals or Schemes for advancing small Sums of Money by several Persons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them.

4 by the Chances of the Prizes in some public Lottery or Lotteries established or allowed by Act of Parliament, or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Persons advancing such Sums, to entitle them to a Share of the Money so advanced, according to such Proposals or Schemes; or shall make, print or publifti, or cause to be made, printed or published,

any Proposal or Scheme of the like Kind or Nature under any Denomination, Name or Title.

whatsoever, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath or Oaths, of one or more credible Witness

36°

200 1. Penalty on any Offence against this act;

the same how to be levied and applied.

V

C 28. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

or witnesses, by two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Division or Liberty where such Offence shall be, committed, or the Offender shall be found, which Oath such Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to administer; the Person so convicted shall, for every such Offence, over and above any former Penalties inflicted by any former at or Acts of Parliament made against any private or unlawful Lotteries, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one third Part thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successrs, and one other third Part thereof to the Informer, and the remaining third Part thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such o.fence shall be committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by War'

rant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convidbed as aforesaid; shall also for every such Offence, by such Justices be committed to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one whole \ ear, and from thence till the Sum of five hundred Pounds so forfeited as aforesaid, shall be fully paid ad satisfied:

nevertheless. That any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by thejudg mentor determination of two or more such Justices in any the Cases aforesaid, shall have Liberty to appeal to the next Quarter sessions to be held for the County, City or Place where such Judge

or Determination shall be made or given; and that ti e Judgement to be given by the Ju

Ibices of the said next Quarter sessions shall be final: And whereas it is found by Experience,

that the said good and wholesome Laws have not effectually answered the good Ends, Intents and

1 Purposes, in and by the said Acts dcfgned; but that, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts, several deceitful Games and Subscriptions are daily carried on under t; e ' Denomination of Sales of Houses, Lands, Plate, Jewels, Goods and other Things; and that several Printers have printed, published, or caused to be printed and published, Proposals or Schemes for the Sale of such Houses, Lands, Plate, Jewels, Goods and other 7'hiugs, to be determined by Raffles, by Mathematical Machines or Engines, and by other indirect Ways and Adeans,

tending to evade the said good and wholesome Laws before mentioned: And whereas several Per ' Ions have for many Years past carried on ard setup certain fraudulent Games and Lotteries,

to be determined by the Chance of Cards and Dice, under the Denomination of the Gaines of the Ace of Hearts, Pharaoh, Ballet and Hazard, and thereby defrauded several of his alajelb/'s ' Subjects, ignorant of the great Disadvantage Adventurers in the said Games and Lotteries so deno minated the Games of the Ace of Hearts, Pharaoh, Ballet or Hazard, are under, subject and liable

to: And whereas several Doubts have arisen, whether the said Games of the Ace of Hearts, Pha ' raoh, Baffct and Hazard, are within the Descriptions of the Lotteries prohibite t by the said reci ted Acts of Parliament: And whereas g' eat Difficulties have arisen upon the Methods of Convic tion of the Offenders against the said acbs of parliamentfor Remedy whereof, and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts of Parliament, may it please your tnoft Excellent Aiajelbv that it may be enadbed; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June o e thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, eredb, setup, continue or keep, any Office or Place, under the Denomination of a Sale or Sales of Houses, Land, advow fons, Presentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods or other Things, by way of Lottery, or by Lots, 7'iclcets, Numbers or Figures, Cards or Dice; or shall make, print, advertise or publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, Proposals or Schemes for advancing final] Sums of Money by several Persons, amounting in the whole to large Sutns, to be divided among them by Chances of the Prizes in some public Lottery or Lotreries established or allowed by Acb of Parliament, or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out. Tickets to the Persons advancing such Sums, to entitle them to a Share of the Adoney so advanced, according to such Proposals

or Schemes; or shall expose to Sale any Houses, Lands, Advowsons, Presentations to Livings, late, Jewels, Ships or other Goods, by any Game, Adethod or Device whatsoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any Let or Drawing, whether it be cut of a Box or Wheel, or by cads or Dice, or by any Aiachine, Engine, or Device of Chance of any Kind whatsoever; such Person or Persons, and every or either of them, shall, upon being convicted thereof before any one Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding or Division, or before the Alayor, or other Justice or Justices of the Peace for any City or Town Coporate, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which said Oaths the faiu Justices of the Peace, and Adayor, are hereby authorised, empowered and required to administer) or upon the View of such Justice or Justices, or the Mayor, Justice or Justices for any City or Town Coporate, or on the Confection of the Party or Parties accused; forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of such County, Riding, Division, City or Town, where the Offence shall be committed; which said Forfeitures, when recovered, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such pro.'ecution, shall go and be applied, one third thereof to the Informer, and the remaining two thirds to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be commuted, e, \cept.ng the t said two thirds of Inch Forfeitures which shall be incurred by, and recovered upon, any Person or Persons within the City of Bath, which said two thirds shall go and be applied to and for the Use( ( Benefit of the Poor residing within the Hospital or Infirmary lately eredbed for the Benefit of poor Persons resorting to the said City for the Benefit of the Mineral Waters, after deducting the Charges of Conviction as aforesaid.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 28, 361

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Games of the Ace of Hearts, Pharaoh, g.nnc= fpici

Basset and Hazard are, and are hereby declared to be Games or Lotteries by Cards or Dice within the 't', -

Intent and Meaning of the said in part recited Acts; and that all and every Person or Persons, who o" the Act shall setup, maintain or keep the said Games of the Ace of Hearts, Pharaoh, Ballet and Hazard, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Act inflicted upon any Person or Persons, who shall erect, setup, continue or keep any of the said Games or Lotteries in this present Act mentioned; and shall be prosecuted and convicted, and the Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for and recovered, in like Manner as the said Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be sued for and recovered.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who j0l. l'aniiy shall be Adventurers in any of the said Games, Lottery or Lotteries, Sale or Sales; or shall play, set at, n theadvcn itake or punt at either of the said Games of the Ace of Hearts, Pharaoh, Basset and Hazard, and turers

shall be thereof convicted in such Manner and P'orm as in and by this Act is prescribed; such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered as aforesaid.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Sale or sales by iot sales of Houses, Lands, Advowsons, Prelbntations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods or other teries void; Things, by any Game, Lottery or Lotteries, Machine, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, depending upon, or to be determined by Chance or Lot, shall and are hereby declared to be void to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever: And all such Houses, Lands, Advowsons, Presentations to Livings, Plate, and the Lands, ewels, Ships, Goods or other Things, setup and exposed to Sale in Manner and Form aforesaid, C forfeited.

shall be forfeited to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information,

in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or at the Assizes for any County where the Offence shall be committed; in which Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think Persons ay

him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement or Determination of any justice.or Justices of the p'

Peace or Mayor as aforesaid, upon any Conviction of or for any of the Offences in this Act; such Per o^ai tcr seiu son or Persons may appeal from the said Judgement of the said Justice or Justices or Mayor to the next ons.

feneral Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said County, Riding, Division, City or Place where such erson or Persons was or were convicted; but the Person and Persons so appealing shall, and he, (lie and they are hereby directed to give reasonable Notice to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Person or Persons as shall so appeal, of such his, her or their Intention of bringing and prosecuting fuels Ap and shall enter into a Recognizane before some Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding,

Division, City or Place wherein the onviction or Judgement was made or given, with two sufficient

Sureties, on Condition to try such Appeal at the next Quarter sessions, which shall be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City or lace wherein such Conviction or Judgement was made or given,

next and immediately after the bringing such Appeal; and every such Appeal and Appeals shall, by the Court at the said next general Quarter sessions, to which such Appeal and Appeals is or are made,

be then examined, and the Matter then finally heard and determined, and not afterwards; and in case A

such Judgement, Determination or Conviction as aforesaid, shall be then and there affirmed, the Party payptvbiecolts,

appealing shall pay unto the Prosecutor or Prosecutors his, her or their treble Costs; such Proses judgement b;

cutor and Prosecutors shall have such Remedy for the same, as any defendant or Defendants hath or aftirmed

have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Conviction convihions not made, or Judgement given as aforesaid, by this Act, shall be set aside by the said Court of quarter vacated for > Sessions for want of Form, in case the Sails alleged in the said Conviction shall be proved to the "r*nt oi Form Satisfaction of the said Court; nor shall such Conviction or 'Judgement be removed or removeabie by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, until such Order or other Proceedings shall have been first removed to, and Judgement and Determination given and made thereupon, by such Court of Quarter sessions as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ, of Certiorari nor tic pec01f] or other Process shall issue or be iduable to remove the Record of any such Conviction front the said 'hereof remove court of Quarter sessions, or to remove any Order or other Proceedings taken or made by the said able, but uuon

Court of Quarter sessions upon, touching or concerning such Conviction, into any of his Majesty's i01, Stcurih'

Courts of Record at ivejiminjhr, until the Party or Parties against whom such Conviction shall be made, before the Allowance of such Writ of Certiorari or other Process, shall find two sufficient Surelies to become bound to the Prosecutor in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, with Condition to prosecute the lame with Effect within six Calendar Months, and to pay unto the Prosecutor or Prosecutors his, her or their treble Costs and Charges, in case such Order or Conviction shall be affirmed,

VVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons, shall be ff[

convicted of erecting, setting up, maintaining or keeping any of the said Lotteries, or the said Games able to piv rhc of the Ace of Hearts, Pharaoh, Basset or Hazard, or therein or in either of them stall adventure, and Penalties, to shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy the Penalties inflicted by this Actor shall be'mp: ifon; d. liot immediately pay the said Penalties, or give Security for the same; it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Person shall be. convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to continue and remain for any Time not exceeding six Months.

IX. And be it also enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, or any other Justice herein before de per.jtvoa feribed, or Mayor of any Corporation, shall neglect or refuse to do what is required of him and them by n.sit ut ju iliis Act; such Justices and Mayors so neglecting or rgfufing shall reflectively forfeit and pay the Sum

Vol. VI A a a'0i; 'iajw"

This Act not to hinder any Games in Palaces where the King resides;

nor to assess 11 Right to any lands, C held by hot.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Concerning unlawful Gaming see farther 13 Geo.

Preamble, reciting the as 22 Hen. 8. C 5. j Ann, flat. 1. C 18.

11 & 12 "W. 3. C 19,

C 29. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739

of ten Pounds for each Offence; one Moiety whereof to be paid to any Person or Persons who shall fu for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence dial be committed; and shall be recovered with full Cods of Suit, by Addon, Bill, Plaint or Informatioi in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or at the Assize for any County; in which Addon, Bill Plaint or Information, no Essoin, Proteddon or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; such Prosecution being commenced within six Months next after such Refusal of such Justices or Mayor.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Actor in am former Acts against Gaming contained shall extend to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons fron gaming or playing at any of the Games in this or in any of the said former Acts mentioned within an; of his Majesty's Royal Palaces, where his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall then reside. e

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contains shall extend, or be any ways construed, deemed or taken to extend, or in any Sort to affedf or prejudice any Estate or Interest in, out of, or to any Manors, Honours, Royalties, Lands, Tenements Advowsons, Presentations, Rents, Services and Hereditaments whatsoever, which shall or may at an; Time or Times hereafter be according to the Laws now in being legally allotted to, or held by or b; Means of any Allotment or Partition by Lots; but that all Persons who now are, or that shall hereafter become, really and truly seized as part owners, joint tenants, and Tenants in Common of an; Manors, Honours, Royalties, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Presentations, Rents, Services and Hereditaments, shall, and he, (he and they, and his, her and their Heirs and Assigns is, and are hereb; made and continued capable to accept and take such Estates and Interest, and Parts therein, in fuel and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses, as he, she or they might, would or could havt done by, or by virtue, or in Consequence of any Lot, Scroll, Chance or Allotment whatsoever. had this present Act never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the was committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; the Defendant and Defendants therein shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at the Trial to be hac thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of or by the Authority of this Act; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suil or Suits, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants mall and may recover treble Costs, and have like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cases by Law.

2. C 19. 18 Geo. 2. c. 34. 29 Geo. 2. c. 7. 30 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the more easy afiefting, collecting and levying of County Rates.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for repairing and amending Bridges and Highwaysr And whereas by another Act ' paded in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to explain and alter the said ' Ad, it is, for the more easy taxing and collecting the Money for the Repair of such Bridges and Highways thereunto adjoining (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within the several Limits of their Commissions shall at their General or Quarter sessions of the Peace have full Power and Authority, upon due Presentment to them made that any Bridge within their respective Commissions or Authorities is out of Repair, and which by them hath usually, or ought to nave been repaired and maintained, to make Assessments upon every Town, Parish or Place within their respective Commissions for that Purpose, in Proportions upon each respective Town and Parish as they usually have been assessed towards the Repair of Bridges; which Assessments are to be levied and collected in the Manner prescribed by the said Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the eleventh

and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, to enable Justices of the Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties, it is (amongst other Things)

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them, within the Limits of their Commissions, upon Presentment of the grand Jury or grand Juries,

at the Assize, great Sessions and general Gaol Delivery, held for the same County, or the Insufficiency or inconveniency of their Gaol or Prison, to conclude and agree upon such Sum or Sums of Money,

as upon Examination of able and sufficient Workmen shall be thought necessary for the building,

finifiling and repairing a public Gaol or Gaols, belonging to the Shire or County whereof they are Justices of the Peace; and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the greater Number of them, by equal Proportions to distribute and charge the Sum or Sums of Money to be levied for the Uses aforesaid upon the several Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rape,

Ward or other Division of the said County, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act; which said

was revived and continued by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne for seven Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and made perpetual by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First:

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 29. 363

And whereas by an act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, for tite 7 J3C C

Execution of diverse Laws and Statutes heretofore made a gain ft Rogues, Vagabonds and sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That there shall be erected, built or otherwise provided, within every County of this Realm of England and I Vales,

where there is not one House of Correction already built, provided or continued, one or more fit and convenient House or Houses of Correction, by the Justices of the Peace, or the more Part of them,

4 at their respective Quarter sessions; and that the Master or Governors of the said Houses of Correction shall have such Sums of Money yearly as shall be thought meet by the said Justices; same to be paid quarterly beforehand, by the Treasurers appointed by an act made in the three and for tieth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; which said act 43 uiiz. C 2.

was to continue for seven Years, and till the End of the next Session of Parliament, and was further continued by an act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for the Continuance and Repeal of diverse Statutes, unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament and by an act passed in the sixteenth Year of the same Reign continued in Force, until repealed by some other act of Parliament: And whereas by an act passed in the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County or Place Corporate, or the more Part of them, in their General Sessions to be held next after the Feast of Eafer, and so yearly,

as often as they shall think meet, shall rate every Parish to such a weekly Sum of Money as they shall think convenient, so as no Parish be rated above the Sum of sixpence, nor under the Sum of an Halfpenny, weekly to be paid, and so as the total Sum of each Taxation of the Parishes in every County amount not to above the Rate of twopence for every Parish within the said County; and it is thereby likewise enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter sessions to be held at the Time of such Taxation shall set down what competent Sums of Aloney shall be sent quarterly out of every County or Place Corporate, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's 4 Bench and Marshalsea; and also of such Hospitals and Alms houses as shall be in the said County, and what Sums of Money shall be sent to every one of the said Hospitals and Alms houses; as there be sent out of every County yearly twenty Shillings at the lead to each of the said Prisons of the King's Bench and Marshalsea; which Sums are rateably to be assessed upon every Parish, and to be levied and collected as in and by the said act is directed: And whereas by an act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizaeeth, intituled, An Act how Va 14ei1z. C 5.

Vgabonds shall be punished, and the Poor relieved; it is enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, or the more Part of them, in their General Quarter sessions, shall rate every Parish at such reasonable Sums of Money, for the Relief of Prisoners, as they shall think convenient, so as no Parish be rated above sixpence or eight Pence weekly; and the Churchwardens of every Parish shall levy the

r ' same every Sunday, and once in every Quarter pay the said Sums to the high Constables or other head Officers; and the said high Constables and head Officers shall pay the Money received of the said Churchwardens to such Persons as shall be appointed by the said Justices in Sessions, to be by them di flributed weekly for the Relief of Prisoners; much of which said act as relates to the taxing, levy ing, receiving and employing of Gaol Money, was revived and continued to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, by an act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intitu led, An Act for continuing and reviving of diverse Statutes, and for repealing offome others; and was further continued by an act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of the said King Jaivies, entitled,

1. An Act for continuing and reviving of diverse Statutes, and repeal of diverse others; and was further conti nued to the End of the next Session of Parliament, by an act passed in the third Year of the Reign of

; 4 King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for the Repeal and Continuance of diverse Statutes; and by an

act passed in the sixteenth Year of the same Reign, was continued in Force, until repealed by some other act of Parliament: And whereas by an act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King, 9car. 2. C 4. ' Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, and setting them on work, it is ' (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their General Sessions, or the major Part of them, if they think fit, may provide a Stock of Materials for setting poor Prisoners on Work,

in such Manner and by such Ways as other County Charges are levied and raised, and provide and pay fit Persons to oversee such Work, and make such Orders concerning the Premises, as they from time to time shall think fit, provided that no Parish be rated above sixpence by the Week towards the Pre

*: And whereas an act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Anna?, flat.'for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants, into one act of Parliament, 2. C 23.

and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants, and send ing them whither they ought to be sentit is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter sessions may from time to time, when need shall be, by such Ways and Means as Moneys for County Gaols or Bridges may be raised, cause such Sums of Money to be raised within their respective Precincts and jurisdictions, for the passing and conveying or maintaining of Rogues and Vagabonds, as shall be necessary for those Purposes; said several Rates, when collected, are to be paid, by virtue of the said several acts, into the Hands of Treasurers or Receivers to be appointed by the Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, and to be accounted for, as in and by the said several respective acts are recited: And whereas it is apparent that the Manner and Adethods prescribed by the said several acts for collecting some of the said Rates are impracticable, the Sums charged on each Parish in the respective Divisions being so small, that they do not by an equal Pound Rate amount to more than a fractional Part of a Farthing in the Pound on the several Persons thereby ratable; and if possible to have been rated, the Expense of aflefting and cola

a a 2 4 lecting

364 C 29.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

After 1 Sept. 1739, Justices to make from time to time one general assessment, in Ilea CL of the Several Rates appointed by several as

Power of the Justices is extended by 13 Geo. 2. c. 18.

i 7

to be paid out of the Poors Rate of every Pari Hi to the high Constable,

or to be levied on them by Distress,

Where there is no Poors Rate, the Petty Con liable of the Place to levy and pay the County Rate.

Counties excepted from paying the Rate of this act out of the Poors Rate.

1 ledting the same would have amounted to more than the Sum rated: And whereas many and great Doubts, Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen in making and collecting other of the said Rates therefore that the good Ends and Purposes of the said several Statutes may be answered, and the several Sums of Money thereby intended to be raised may effectually be collected, with as much Ease and Certainty, and as little Expense as can be to the Parties obliged by the said Laws to pay the same; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, the Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, at their General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, to make one general Rate or Assessment for such Sum or Sums of Money as they in their Discretions shall think sufficient to answer all and every the Ends and Purposes of the before recited Acts, instead and in lieu of the several separate and distinct Rates directed thereby to be made, levied and collected; Rate shall be assessed upon every Town, Parish or Place within the respective Limits of their Commissions, in such Proportions as any of the Rates heretofore made in pursuance of the said several acts have been usually assessed; the several and respective Sums so assessed upon each and every Town, Parish or Place within the respective Limits of their Commissions, shall be collected by the high Constables of the respective Hundreds and Divisions, in which any Town, Parish or Place doth lie, in such Manner, and at such Times, as is herein after directed.

II. And, that the respective Sum or Sums so to be assessed and collected may' be well and truly paid to the respective high Constables, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the time being of each and every Parish and Place wirhin the respective Counties, Cities and Liberties, in which they respectively lie, shall and they are hereby required, out of the Money collected or to be collected for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place, to pay to the high Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions of the said Counties, Cities and liberties, the respective Sum or Sums of Money so rated and assessed upon such Parish or Place, within the Space of thirty Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, or left at their or either of their dwelling house or Houses, or affixedon any of the Church doors of such Parish or Place to which such Officer shall belong, by the said high Constable or high Constables of the respective Hundreds or Divisions; Demand the respective high Constable or high Constables is and are hereby required to make, at such Times as the said Justices of the Peace, or the greater Part of them, shall by their Order in Sessions direct; and the Receipt or Receipts of such high Constable or high Constables shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Person paying the same, and shall be allowed in their Accounts as such by the Justices of the Peace before whom such Accounts shall be passed; in case such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or any of them, shall neglect or refute to pay any the Sum or Sums of Money hereby afiefted, after Demand made as aforesaid; high Constable or high Constables shall and they are hereby empowered to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Churchwardens and Overseers or either of them so refusing or neglecting to pay the same as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place, residing in or near such Parish or Place; rendering the Overplus, if any there shall be, after deducting the Money assessed, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case no Rate is or shall be made for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish, Township or Place; the Justices of the Peace in their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, shall and may by their Order direct the Sum of Money assessed on such Parish, Township or Place, for the Purposes of this Act, to be rated and levied on any such Parish, Township or Place, by any Petty Constables or other Peace Officer of or belonging to the same, in such Manner as Money for the Relief of the Poor is by Law to be rated or levied; which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such Petty Constable or other Peace Officer to the respective high Constable for the Plundred, Division or Liberty, wherein such Parish, Township or Place shall lie; and shall be demanded of, paid by, or levied on such Petty Constable or other Peace Officer, in the same Manner as any Rates are herein before directed to be demanded of, paid by, and levied on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them; and if such Petty Constable or other Peace Officer shall pay such Sum, before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and reimbursed the said Sum of Money out of any Constables or other Rate made or to be made on any such Parish, Township or Place, which the said Justices of the Peace or the greater Part of them in their Sessions shall order and diredr.

IV. And whereas it will be very inconvenient to many Towns, Parishes and Places, in the several Counties of York. Derby, Durham, Lancaster, Chester, tvefhnorland, Cumberland, and Northumberland,

that the Rates by this Act directed to be paid by and levied on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Purposes aforesaid, should be paid out of any Rate to be made for the Relief of the Poor in such Towns, Parishes and Places; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the respective Ridings, Divisions or Counties cf York, Derby, Durham, Lancaster, Chester, Westmorland, Cumberland and Northumberland, at their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, if they shall think, convenient, to order the Sum of Money directed to be assessed on any such Town, Parish

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo' Georgii II. c. 29. 365

rish or Place, for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, to be paid by and levied on the Petty constable of or for any such Town, Parish or Place within the said Counties respectively, in such Manner as the same is herein directed to be paid and levied, in Cases where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; anything herein contained, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein Proviso, in fa contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to make any Persons, Liberties, Divihons or Places v0uroj liable to pay to any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, to which such Person, Liberty, Division payj, ° coumy or Place did not, or was not liable to contribute before the pailing hereof; but that it shall and may be k a test lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace at their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the

greater Part of them then and there assembled, to order and ascertain what Proportion of any Rate to be made by virtue of this Act shall be assessed on and paid by the several Persons, Liberties, Divisions and Places, who have usually contributed, or are liable to pay only to one or more of, and not to all the Rates hereby intended to be raised, and thrown into one general Rate or Assessment.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective high Constables shall. High confh

and they are hereby required, at or before the next General or Quarter sessions respectively after they or moniesptoythe* any of them shall have received such Sum or Sums of Money, to pay the same into the Hands of such treafu rers aperson or Persons (being resident in any such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place where pointed by the such Rates shall be respectively made) whom the said justices shall at their respective General or Quarter ^a(tcr'sc"1' Sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, appoint to be the Treasurer or Trea '

furers (which Treasurer or Treasurers they are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and appoint) such Treasurer or Treasurers first giving sufficient Security in such Sums as shall be approved of by the said Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to be accountable for the several and respective Sums of Money which shall be respectively paid to them in pursuance of this Act, and to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ordered to be paid by the Justices in their General or Quarter sessions, and for the due and faithful Execution of the Trusts reposed in him or them; and all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid into his or their Hands by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be the public Stock; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall and are hereby required to and they to pay so much of the Money in their Hands, to such Person and Persons as the said Justices at their respectwhomsoever tive General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and th: re assembled, shall by their Jj Orders from time to time direct and appoint, for the Uses and Purposes of the said recited Acts, and for any other Uses and Purposes to which the public Stock of any County, City, Riding, Division or Liberty, is or shall be applicable by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Treasurer or Trea Treasurers to furers shall and are hereby required to keep Books of Entries of the several Sums respectively received

and paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act; and is and are also hereby required to deliver in and to account true and exact Accounts upon Oath if required (which Oath the said Justices at their refoedive General upon Oath, or Quarter sessions are hereby empowered to administer) of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money respectively received and paid by him or them, distinguishing the particular Uses to which such Sum or Sums of Money have been applied, to the Justices at every General or Quarter sessions respectively to be held within the Limits of their Commissions; and shall lay before the Justices at such Sessions the proper Vouchers for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective high Constables shall High Conflh -- and they are hereby required to demand and levy such Rates and Assessments in Manner before direct bles charse ed, and shall account for the same before the said. Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions,

if thereunto required, in the like Manner as the said Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby directed to account; and in case such high Constables, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse so to demand, Penalty on Delevy or account, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at their respective Generalfault< or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to commit such high constable or high Constables to the common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate,

Liberty or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they final] have caused fuclr Rates or Assessments to be demanded and levied, and hall have rendered a true Account or Accounts in the Manner hereby directed; in case it shall appear by such Account or Accounts, that any Sum or Sums of Money is or are remaining in his or their Hands, which he or they shall have received of the respective Churchwardens and Overseers or other Persons which ought to have been paid to the respective Treasurer or Treasurers at the Time or Times limited by this Act, or of the respective Treasurer or Treasurers, in order to be applied to the Purposes aforesaid; if he or they shall negledr or refiife to pay the same over into the Hands of the respective Treasurer or Treasurers, or otherwise, if thereunto required by Order of the said Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices at such their General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to commit such high Constable or high Constables to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Licerty or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until h or they shall have made full Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall appear to be due on fuclr Account or Accounts; and all the Accounts and Vouchers of the said Treasurers and high Constables vouchers to shall, after having been passed by the said Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions, be be kept among deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, of each County respectively, or the Town the Records Clerk, High Bailiff, or Chief Officer of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty, who is and are hereby °fcthe County, required to keep them among the Records of such County, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, to be

V inspected

366 C 29.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

What shall be their respective Discharge.

The Condition

lions.

Fari flies over

ro the said sessions.

inspected from time to time by; any of the said Justices, within the Liffiits of their Commissions, as oc c.ifion shall require, without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipts of such respective Treasurer or Treasurers shall be sufficient Discharges to all High Constables; and the Discharges of the said Justices of the Peace, or the greater Part of them, by their Orders made at their respective General or Quarter sessions to such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be deemed and allowed as good and sufficient Rel cases, Acquittances, or Discharges, in any Court of Law or Equity to all Intents and purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no new Rate shall be made, until it

Rates' are to be appear to the said Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of

marie. them then and there assembled, by the Accounts of their respective Treasurer or Treasurers or otherwise,

that three Fourths of the Money collected by virtue of the preceding Rate have been expended for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

Treasurer to be

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and continued or fr the said Justices of the Peace at their respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of wm°ofdthethe them then and there assembled, to continue from time to time such Treasurer or Treasurers in his or Quarter set their Office or Offices, so long as they shall see convenient, and to remove him or them at their pleasure, and appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Place; and to allow to him or them and every of them infifhng on the same, such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money for his or their Care and Pains in the Execution of such Trull, not exceeding twenty Pounds by the Year, as they in their Dif i cretions shall think fit; which they are hereby empowered to direct the Payment of, out of the Moneys arising by the respective Rates hereby appointed to be made.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the churchwardens and to dm 6id"'sef Overseers of any Parish or Place shall at any Time have Reason to believe the said Parish or Place is

overrated, such Churchwardens and Overseers may appeal to the respective Justices of the Peace at their next General or Quarter sessions, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parishes or Places in which they serve such Offices; which Justices, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and finally determine the same: Provided nevertheless, That upon such Appeal such Rate shall not be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other parishes or Places afiefled thereby.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the Money to be raised and collected in pursuance of this Act shall be applied to the Repair of any Bridges, Gaols, Prisons, or Houses of Correction, until Presentments be made by the respective Grand Juries, at theaffize, Great Sessions, General Gaol Delivery, or General or Quarter sessions of the Peace held for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, of the Inefficiency, Inconveniency, or Want of Reparation of their Bridges, Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction.

justices to con

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of craa with Per June northeast thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, when any public Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Repairs f Cops, or other Works, are to be repaired at the Expense of any County, City, Riding, Hundred,

Division, Liberty or Town Corporate; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter sessions respectively, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, if they think proper and convenient, after Presentment to be made as aforesaid of the Want of Reparation of such Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for rebuilding, repairing and amending of such Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, as shall be within their respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divisions, Liberties or Towns Corporate, and all other Works which are to be repaired and done by Assessment on the respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Division0, Liberties ortowns Corporate, for anyterm orterms of Years, not exceeding seven Years, at a certain annual Sum, Payment or Allowance for the same; such Contractor or Contractors giving sufficient Security for the due Performance thereof, to the respective Clerk of the Peace for the time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff, or Chief Officer of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty; and that such Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions shall give public Notice of their Intention of contracting with any Person or Persons for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, and other Works aforesaid; that such Contracts shall be made at the most reasonable Price or Prices which shall be proposed by such Contractors respectively; and that all Contracts when agreed to, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a Book, to be kept by the respective Clerk of the Peace for the time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief Officer of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty for that purpose; who is and are hereby required to keep them amongst the Records of such County, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, to be from time to time inspected at all seasonable Times by any of the said Justices within the Limits of their Commissions; and by any Person or Persons employed or to be employed by any Parish, Township or Place, contributing to the Purposes of this Act, without Fee or Reward!

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That there shall be but one Rate made and afiefled by the Justices of the Peace of the County of Middlesex, in the said County; City and Liberty of Westminster, for the several Purposes aforesaid, and for the Repair of the Gaol commonly called New Prison, in the said County of Middlesex.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That the Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, at their General or Quarter sessions to be held for the same City or Liberty, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, shall have full Power to appoint the Governor or Mailer of the House of Correction within the said City or Liberty; who shall have such Sum of Money yearly as hath been

8 accustomed

No Repairs of Bridges, chut upon Presentments of the Grand Jury.

upon public Notice 5

Justices to make but one Rate for Middlesex.

Proviso as to the House of cqrre^ion at Westminster*

A.D. 173q. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 2g. 367

accustomed for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the Prisoners in his Custody, who shall be (ick, or unable to work (not exceeding the present Allowance of Fifty Pounds by the Year and direct the Repairs and Management thereof as they heretofore have done; and the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Money arising by the Rates in the said County of Middlesex, and City and Liberty of Westminster, hereby appointed to be collected, shall and is and are hereby required to obey all Orders, which shall! from time to time be made by the said Justices of the said City and Liberty, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, at their General or Quarter sessions, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for the Allowance allotted to such Governor, or Master of the House of Correction, and the Repairs thereof; which Orders shall be good and sufficient Discharges to such Treasurer or Treasurers; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace at their Juices im

respective General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, shall be oblige co nec and are hereby empowered to oblige, by their Order or Orders, the respective High Constables and tors to account. Petty Constables, or any other Person or Persons who are or have been empowered to levy, collect or receive any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of and for the Purposes aforesaid, and who have any

Sum or Sums of Money in their Hands, to account with them at their General or Quarter sessions, in such Manner as High Constables are directed to account by virtue of this Act; and in case such High Constables or Petty Constables, or other Person or Persons, shall refuse to account, or to pay over the Money that shall remain in their or any of their Hands, when thereunto required by Order of the said Justices of the greater Part of them in their respective General or Quarter sessions assembled; either of the said' Cases the said Justices shall have the like Remedy against them or any of them, as they have against the High Constables by virtue of this Act, for not accounting for or paying over the Money remaining in their Hands: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices at their respect Moneys, tive General or Quarter sessions, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, and they areunapplied to be hereby empowered, to direct and order the Payment of the respective Sums of Money which shall paid to the appear to be remaining due, and not applied or disposed of, into the Hands of the respective Trea treasurer surer or Treasurers to be appointed by this Act; which shall be deemed to be Part of the Stock of the said Counties, Cities, Ridings, Divisions, Liberties or Places respectively; and to inquire what Sums of Money are due and owing for the Purposes aforesaid; then to order the Payment of such Sums as shall appear to them upon such Inquiry to be justly due and owing.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com No Action a menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons who has or have been or shall be employed in the Kainst Persons collecting or receiving any Money in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this present Action any Raief discharg rate or Rates which has or have been or shall be quashed or discharged on any Certiorari brought or to ed by coniora?i, be brought in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or otherwise, for any Money cole

ledled or received, or to be collected or received on any such Rate or Rates, before such Writ of Certiorari was or shall be brought and allowed; and that Justice may be done to such Persons who shall or o«rratedtobe may pay towards any Rate which shall be quashed or discharged, the several Sums of Money which relieved.

shall appear to have been paid by them on such Rate, either in whole, or in part, more than they ought to have paid, shall be repaid, or allowed to them in the next Rate or Rates which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, as if the same had been paid on such new Rate or Rates; anything in any former Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That all and every such Person and su=h Collectors

Persons so employed or to be employed shall account for and pay over the Money by them respectively to Pa"

received, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalties for any Neglect or Refusal therein, as are to

be inflicted by virtue of this Action any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to account for, or pay over any Money remaining in his or their Hands, which he or they have received in pursuance hereof; anything in any of the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Justices of

County of Middlesex at their General Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County shall have ^lddiefex t the same Powers and Authorities to put this Act in Execution, as are hereby given them at their Ge power at their neral Quarter sessions; anything in this, or any former Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the General as at contrary notwithstanding. their quarter

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ of Certiorari, to remove "e 10ni'

any Rates made in Pursuance of this Act, or to remove any Orders or other Proceedings taken or made y^'lunwlist by the said refoeblive General or Quarter sessions touching such Rates, shall be taken out or granted, termviffuabie. but upon a Motion to be made sometime in the first Week of the next Term after the Time for appealing from such Rates or Orders is expired, and upon making it appear to the Court by Affidavit or otherwise, that the Merits of the Question upon such Appeal or Orders will by such Removal come properly in the Judgement of the said Court; and that no such Writ of Certiorari shall be alowed until sufficient Security be given to the respective Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by virtue of this Act, in the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to prosecute such Writ of Certiorari with Effect, and to pay the Coils to be ascertained by the Court to which such Rates, Orders or Proceedings shall be removed, in case, such Rates or Orders shall be confirmed; r.or shall any such Rates, Orders or Proceedings be quashed or vacated for want of Form only; and all Charges attending such Removal shall be detrayed out of that or any subsequent Rate.

363

Tart of the Acts 14. & 43 Elia, and9Car. 2. repealed.

'Manner of the Payment of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Money.

11 Geo. 2. C 20.

Limitation of Actions.

General 1/the.

[Treble Costs.]

12 Car. 2. C 18, 14 Car. a. C 7. 25 Car. 2. C 7.

C 30. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

XXII. And be it futher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the before recited act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, as relates to the Method of taxing rarilhes for the Relief of Prisoners; and so much of the said Act of the forty third Year of the same Reign, as relates to the Method of raising Money for the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons, hospital and alms houses; and so much of the said at of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Method of rating Parishes for providing Materials for the setting poor Prisoners on work, shall be repealed, and be absolutely null and void.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That such Sums as have been annually paid to the King's Bench and > Marshalsea Prisons, shall be paid out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, at such Times, and in

such Manner, as is prescribed in and by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cjfeilaal securing the Payments of certain Sums of Money, dlreiled by an Act made in the forty third Year of the Reign of Shteen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, to le paid by the respective Treasurers of every County of England and Wales, for the Relief of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisons; and such Money as shall be judged necessary by the Justices of the Peace in Sessions to be applied in pursuance of the said recited Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Relief of Prisoners, and of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for providing Materials for the setting poor Prisoners on work, shall be paid out of the Moneys arising by this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything that shall be done in pursuance or by the Authority of this present Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the retpec tive County in which the Cause of Action or Suit shall arise, and not elsewhere 3 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Actions shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall he brought in any other County or Place; that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Actions or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging and in creeping of Shipping and Navigation, and another act made in the fifteenth Year of the said King, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, and another Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said King, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trade, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade

Acts have been by subsequent Acts since continued, and are now in Force, all Sugars of the

Growth or Production of the English'> Plantations in America, Asia or Africa, are obliged to be import ed into England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or to same other of the British Plantations in America,

under such Securities and Penalties as other enumerated Goods 2nd Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said Plantations, are subjected to by the said Acts, same or one of

them: And whereas his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America are of great Importance to the Trade,

Navigation and Strength of this Kingdom: And whereas the Planters of the said Sugar Colonies are unable to improve or carry on the Sugar Trade on an equal Footing with Foreign Sugar Colonies,

without forne Advantages and Relief be given them from Great Britain: And whereas it is reasonable 1 to expect, that not only the Produce of the said Commodity in the said Colonies, but also the Exportation thereof, would be greatly increased, for the mutual Benefit of this Kingdom and the said Colo ' n: es, if (notwithstanding the Laws relating to Navigation' and Trade to and from the Plantations) LI

or Licence were granted for Ships built in and sailing from Great Britain, and chiefly owned

by the Subjects of his Majesty residing in Great Britain, to load Sugars in the said Colonies, and to carry the same diredily to any Foreign Ports in Europe, fhft touching at some Port or Ports in Great Britain (except where such Ship goes to the Southward of Cape Finijhrrc) whereby the said Sugars

will arrive at such Ports sooner, with less Charge, and in better Condition for the Consumption there < ' offor this End, and to encourage Iris majesty's Subjects in the British Sugar Colonies in America to improve and extend their Settlements there, and to prevent any Prejudice or Damage to this Nation, which might happen thereby from any Unlawful Commerce between the Plantations and any Foreign Countries, and to secure the Navigation, Shipping, Intereourie and Dependence on Great Britain, May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeiit of the Lords Spiritual and Tem 8. poral.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 30. 369

p orals and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said three Acts passed in the twelfth, fifteenth, and five and twentieth Years of the Reign of The fri t v.h the late King Charles the Second, so far as the same extend to Sugar of the Growth and Produce of rat^icd* his Majesty's Plantations in America, being one of the Commodities enumera ed in the said acts, shall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed, as to all Persons, Ships, Vessels or Places, in all respects wit!) exccp whatsoever; except only as to such Sugars as by this Act shall be permitted or allowed to be exported tion.

from his m^jessy's said Sugar Colonies in America, by such Persons, and in such Ships and Vefle s, and

to such Foreign Countries and Places, and under such Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are herein after particularly described, appointed, limited and enacted for that Purpose.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep condmors on timber one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any m, c|>vcarrt<i of the Acts aforesaid, or any other Act of Parliament, for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in any Ship from the Amcor Veiled built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and belonging to any of his Majesty's rican Colonies Subjects, of which ihe major Part shall be redding in Great Britain, and the Residue shall be redding ^jen^vt/0" either in Great Britain or in some of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and not elsewhere, that Extended to all

shall clear outwards in any Port of Great Britain for any of the said Colonies, to ship or load in the British Stops, by

said Colonies, or any of them, any Sugars of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the said Coi Geo. 2. c. 3, ionics, or any of them, and to carry the same from thence to any Foreign Part of Europe; provided z "'

Licence be fit 11 taken out for that Purpose under the Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's cu stoms at London or Edinburgh, or any three or more of them respectively, subject to the Regulations, and on the Conditions hereafter mentioned, that is to say. That Notice be first given in Writing by the Mailer or other Person having the Command, or taking the Charge of, or by one or more Owner or Owners of such Ship or vessel to the Cullomer, or Collector, and Comptroller of such Port in Great Britain, where such Ship or vessel shall happen to be, of the Intention of such Mailer or other Person, or any Owner, that such Ship or vessel shall proceed to the said Sugar Colonies, or some of them, in order to lade Sugars to be carried to some other Part of Europe than Great Britain; and that such Mailer, or other Person taking Charge of such Vessel as aforesaid, or Owner, shall enter into Bond, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more sufficient Securities, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burden than one hundred Tonnes; and in the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if fly be of that or greater Burden; with Condition, that in case a Licence be granted, giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to lade and carry Sugars from his Majesty's sugar Colonies to Foreign Parts, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed from Great Britain to the said Sugar Colonies, and shall deliver the said Licence to the Collect or, Comptroller and Naval Officer there, in case he intends to make use of the Liberty granted by such Licence, which he shall declare in Writing to the Collector, Comptroller and Naval Officer, before he takes any Goods on board, and that in such Case, no Tabacco, Molasses, Ginger, Cotton, Wool, Indigo, Fustick, or other dying wood,

Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, Malls, Yards, Bosvfprits, Copper Ore, Beaver Skins, or other Furs, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any British Plantation in America shall be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel, unless it be for the necessary Provisions in her Voyage; and that fuel.

Ship or Vessel, before (he proceeds to any Foreign Port or Place, shall touch at some Port in Great Britain and that the Mailer or Person having the Command of such Ship shall deliver to the Cullomer yr Collector and Comptroller of such Port, a true and exact Manifest atteiled upon Oath, or if a cheaper by Affirmation, of the whole Lading, mentioning the Maiks, Numbers, Package and Contents of all the Goods onboard; and shall also bring back and produce to them the Licence granted for such Ship or Vessel to carry mch Sugars to Foreign Parts, with a Certificate endorsed on such Licence, or affixed thereto, containing an Account of the Marks, Numbers, Package, Contents and Sorts of all the Sugars laden on board such Ship or Vessel in the Manner directed by this act, as is herein after mentioned; and that when such Ship or Vessel hath discharged her Lading so taken on board in some foreign Part (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted 1 Ihe shall proceed for, and return to, Great Britain, within eight Months after fly shall have delivered her Lading in any foreign Part, and before Die returns to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America; and that in case such Ship or Vessel shall take on Board any Goods or Merchandizes before her Return to Great Britain, all such Goods and Merchandizes that shall remain on board the said Ship on her Arrival in Great Britain, shall be entered and landed on the Return of such Ship or Vessel to Great Britain, in like Manner as all other Ships and Vessels importing Goods into this Kingdom are obliged to do by the Law's of the Culioms; or otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Bond being entered into, 'and other Requifires before mentioned being duly complied with, a Licence shall be granted accordingly, stopteloiws u giving Liberty for that Voyage only, to load and carry Sugars of the Growth and Production of his britifhsubject; Majesty's Sugar Colonies to any foreign Part, in the Manner, and according to the Purport and In Licence' tendon of this act: Provided nevertheless, '1 hat no Ship or Vessel shall have Licence to carry Sugar to foreign Parts by virtue of this Act, unless it shall liril apoear by Oath, or in case of a Quaker, by Affirmation, of the Mailer or Person taking Charge of such Ship or vessel, that the Property thereof is in his Majesty's Subjects, of which the major Part are residing in Great Britain, and the Residue redding either in Great Britain, or in some of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and not else y.'here; such Oath or Affirmation to be in the P'orm, and according to the Directions herein after mentioned; that is to say;

Vol. VI Bbb

A.

370 C 30. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

The 0a, h. AB foumnlytsrdarras I that the {2? called the [name] whereof

he this \*£2'c} is Master, and hath the Charge and Command for this present Voyage to [fplace bound to] being [describe the Built] \ 3, \ of the Burden of [Number] Tonnes was built at yplace] in the Year [Time when] and that the said {2} is wholly owned by the \ ]s whose N and usual of

Abode {'£} under mentioned and subscribed by this Deponent or Affirmant, that such \°0zll {£[ I His Majesty's Bnlish I ss "a and that no Foreigner directly or indirectly hath any Share., Part, or Interest in the said J to the bed: of tills 12e21 Knowledge or Belief; and that he this JS} and Three Fourths of the Mariners navigating the said {2, 5 are His ma jeity's British Subjects.

Penalty on ta

IV. And be it further enacted, That in tafe any Ship or Vessel, licensed by virtue of this Act shall Goods! orclsn take on Board in any of the Sugar Wands, or in her V oyage front thence, any Sugars, or other Goods, being the Property of any other Person than some of his Majesty's Subjects, and such as shall be shipped and laden on their proper Risque and Account, to be carried to foreign Parts; then all such Sugars or other Goods so laden on such Ship shall be forfeited and lofl. vious ttthe1"6" V' And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar be loaden or put on Board any Ship or Vessel at lading Sugars, the said Colonies, or any of them, by virtue of the said Licence, to be carried to any foreign Port in cat the raid Europe, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver to the Colonies. Collector of the Port where such Ship is to take in her Lading, the said Licence signed by the commissioners of the Customs, and a Certificate of such Bond having been given in Great Britain as aforesaid; shall declare in Writing to the Collector, whether he intends to load any Sugar pursuant to such Licence, which shall be done before any Goods are laden on Board such Ship or Vessel, otherwise such Licence shall be invalid and of no Force and Virtue; but if it shall be declared as aforesaid, that Sugars are intended to be laden and carried to foreign Parts, pursuant to such Licence, then in order to afeer tain the Quantity, Quality, Sort or Denomination of the Sugars to be exported in every such Ship from the said Colonies, or any of them, pursuant to such Licence, and the Liberty granted by this Act, and to prevent the Exportation from the said Colonies of any Goods before enumerated, the Merchant or other Person intending to export any Sugars or other Goods not enumerated in such Ship or Vessel, shall, before the same, or any Part thereof, are slipped or put on Board, make an Entry or Entries of such Sugars, or other Goods not enumerated, in Writing, with the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs, and the Naval Officer, expressing the Name of the Ship and the Adafier, on which such Sugars or other Goods not enumerated, are to be laden, and where (he lies; and also the Places, Keys or V barfs where they are to be laden, or first water born in order to be laden; which shall be such only where an Officer or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and shipping thereof, or at such Places as ffiail be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant to be taken out from the Collector and Comptroller for that Purpose; and shall thereon take out from the said Collector and Comptroller a Cocquet or Warrant accordingly, whereon shall be endorsed by the Exporter the Marks, Numbers, Contents, Sorts, or proper Denomination of such Sugars, and shall deliver the Cocquet or Warrant foeni dorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping thereof, and shall ship

or lade such Sugars in the Presence of such Officer or officers, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the shipping thereof; and r: »uy on such Officer or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the same before they are put on Board; and if C u.<vn the upon examining the said Sugars, or any Goods or Package, which shall be slipped, or brought to be (hipt'- JV^S* as such, by Virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant, either before or after the shipping thereof, the Number of Casks shall, appear to be greater than is endorled thereon, or if there shall be found any other Sugar but such as shall be so endorsed on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, or any of the Goods before enumerated, which by Law are to be carried from thence only to Great Britain, or some of his Majesty's other Plantations in America; or if it shall be discovered that any enumerated Goods, other than Sugar, have been laden or put on Board any Ship or i Vessel, having Liberty to trade by virtue of this Add, or shall be brought to be shipped on Board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put into any Hoy, Lighter, Bottom, Boat, or other Vessel, in order to be put on Board such Ship or veil'd, before such Entry, or taking out such Cocquet

A.D. 173q- Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 30. 371

or Warrant, endoriing and delivering of the same, and not being shipped in the Manner aforesaid, but shall be put on Board, or attempted to be put on liard, contrary to the Directions of this Act; all such Sugar and other Goods so shipped, or brought to be shipped, in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, as also the Hoy, Lighter, Bottom, Boat, or other Vessel or Carriage whatsoever employed in (flipping, or attempting to ship any enumerated Goods, other than Sugars, t gether wirh the Ship or Vessel on which (itch other enumerated Goods shall be laden; and the Owner of such Sugar or other Goods shall also forfeit double the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice Admiralty, held in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record, in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; third Part to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other one third to the Informer or Prosecutor; and before such Ship or Vessel under to have shall depart from the said Colonies with the Sugar laden as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having a f.iccncc an i or taking Charge thereof shall receive the Paid Licence from the Collector and Comptroller and Naval fore ofc vd!h Officer, with a Certificate endorsed thereon, or affixed thereto, under their Seals ot Office, containing departs; an Account of the Marks, Numbers, Contents and Sorts of each cask of such Sugar so slipped on Board; which Endorsement or Certificate shall] be signed by the said Collator and Comptroller and Naval Officer; and the Collector and other Officers aforesaid shall! make two Copies of such Licence, Endowments or Certificates; for all which Entries, Cocquets, Endowments and Certificates, or Copies, no more shall be taken by the said Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees; and the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship, shall, before he receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Codedtor and Comptroller and Naval Officer; and the said Collector and Comptroller are hereby required, as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit one of the said Copies of the Endorsements or Certificates to the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain respectively, by whom the Licence was granted when the said Ship or vefl cl set sail from Great Britain; and the said Master, or other Person, having or taking Charge of such Ship, shall proceed from the said Sugar Colonies directly to Great Britain, without putting into any other Port or Place, unless forced by Stress of Weather, Proof whereof shall in such Case be made on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain respectively; on the Return to be delivered of such Ship or Vdkl to Great Britain, the said Master or other Person shall produce and deliver the on said Licence to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs respectively, or to the Collector and the

Comptroller of the Port at which (he shall arrive, immediately on such her Arrival, with the Endorse commmionere ment made thereon, or Certificate annexed thereto, by the Collector and Comptroller, of the Marks, or cj?^!rcta°r oc Numbers, Contents, Sorts or Denomination of such Sugars loaden on Board in the said Colonies, or lhc orc' any of them, as herein before directed; and shall also deliver a true and exact Manifest, expressing the Marks and Numbers, with the Tale and Sorts of Casks of all his Lading, attested upon Oath, or, if Oath to be a ^htiiier, by Affirmation, before the Collector and Comptroller of such Port where he shall arrive, taken who are hereby empowered to administer the same; and shall also make an Entry or Entries of the and Entry to Quantities and Sorts of all the Sugars which were laden on Board the said Ship at any of the said Colo be made nies as aforesaid, and then remaining on Board and bound to foreign Parts; which Entry or Entries the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of such Port are to pass without demanding or receiving any Custom or Duties for such Sugar; mentioning in their Accounts, that such Entries were parted by virtue of this Act; and shall also declare on Oath, or if a £>i/<i£er on his Affirmation, to what foreign Port or Ports he is bound with such Lading; then such Master, or other Person, h iving Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall be at Liberty to proceed with all the Goods on Board mentioned in such Manifest, being none of the Goods before enumerated, to any foreign Port or Place whatsoever, without being obliged to land or pay Duty for the same as aforesaid, taking with him the said Licence, and a Certificate thereon or annexed thereto, under the Seals of Office from the said Customer or Collector and Comptrol er, testifying that the said Ship or Vessel, and the Master or other Person having Charge thereof, had touched at such Port, and had in all respects complied with the Directions of this Act:

But in case any such Vessel flail proceed to any foreign Part without having first touched at some Port Penalty 0*1 in Great Britain, and having complied with the several Directions of this Act, and having the same ("S t foreign certified as aforesaid; or in case any Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the foxing at American Colonies or Plantations, enumerated as aforesaid, besides Sugars, shall be found on Board, some Port in or carr.ed by any such Ship or Vessel to any foreign Parts; then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall Great Britsyi. cease, and become void and of none effect; 'and" such Ship or Vessel, and also the Master or other Person, having or taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all osiers concerned, shall be liable and subject to all and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in case this act had not been made.

VI. And in order to discover whether any Goods before mentioned and herein before enumerated, be Officers of the (ides Sugars, have, contrary to this ACI, been taken or laden on Board any Ship or Vessel as shall lade peered to er sugars by virtue of such Licence, and shall touch at some Port of Great Britain, in order to proceed to amine suspectjt foreign Parts; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commissioners of his Ma Ships, jesty's Customs in Great Britain respectively, or the Customer or Collector anti Comptroller of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall touch, shall, upon Information on Oath, have sufficient Cause to suspect that some enumerated Goods, other than Sugars, are on Board such Ship or Vessel, and shall thereupon judge it necessary to take outer unlade the Goods from any such Ship or Vessel, or any Part thereof; in such Case it shall anti may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's cul toms, or any Person or Persons employed by them, to enter and remain on Board such Ship or Vessel, and to unlade the same, " or any Part thereof, as they shall judge necessary, to enable them to examine

372 C 30. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739

any Part of such Ship or Vessel, and all the Goods on Board, and to detain her so long as shall bene for that Purpose; also to open and examine any Cabbins, Lockers, false bulk head or an) j Concealments, or other Places in the Sides of such Ship or Vessel, or any other Part thereof, or to oper and examine any Chef, Trunk, Box, Calk, Case or Package whatsoever, to discover whether any mort or other Goods are on Board, other than such as are mentioned in the Manifest delivered by the Matter, and to seize and bring on Shore all Goods or Merchandizes not mentioned therein; and all such Goods shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted and divided in the Manner hereafter men if there be no tioned: Provided, That in case no Goods be found on Board such Ship or vessel, but what are men fraud, oncers tioned in the Manifest delivered by the Master, that then the Officer or Officers who shall land or take repatr°damares any Goods out of such Ship or Vessel, or open any Part of such Ship or Veiled, or unpack any Golds,

'shall reload and repack the same, and repair such Damage as shall be done by landing, unloading or

unpacking thereof, without being liable to any other Costs or Damages for Demurrage, or on any other Account whatsoever; but if any other Goods are found on Board, besides such as are mentioned in the mailer's Manifest (except the necessitry Provisions of the Ship for the Voyage) then the Master, or other Person having Charge thereof, shall be at the Charge of reloading and repacking all the Goods unladen or opened, and of repairing all other Damages whatsoever occasioned thereby, or in opening or examining the Sides of the Ship or otherwise, in the Execution of this Astand the Officer or Officers concerned shall not be at any Expense, or incur or be liable to any Costs or Damages whatsoever.

Suparc t: C

VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel rr w LX l.mued jpal] ]save on Doard any Sugar, for which Licence shall have been granted as aforesaid, or any other nin/onvaying Goods that are not enumerated in the Acts before mentioned; and the Owner or Owners thereof, his

ihe Duties. or their Factor or Agent, shall, on the Arrival of such Ship or vessel in any Port of Great Britain, be

deflrous to enter and pay his Majesty's Duty, and land the said Goods, or any Part thereof; he or they shall have Liberty so to do; the Master of the Ship first making a Report of his whole Lading, with the proper Officers of the Customs, in like Manner as' he was required by Law to do before the making of this act.

Sugars with a _

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That

thence may; f the said Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for which a Licence

Southward have heen granted as aforesaid, shall on his Arrival in any of his Majesty's said Sugar Colonies

of Cape Flnif, have delivered to the Collector, Comptroller and Naval Officer, the said Licence, with a Certificate of touchiwita°ut ont he>ng given in Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall, before he lades any Goods, declare in Wri Great Britain ring, upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on his Affirmation, before them or any two of them (which Oath or

1 Affirmation, they are hereby empowered to administer, and to endorse the same on, die Back of such Licence,

where it shall be attested by them) that the Sugars he intends to load pursuant to such Licence, are to be carried to some Port or Ports, Place or Places, to the Southward of Cape Finijhrre; then the said Master or other Person may, in case he has in ail Respefls complied with the several Directions in this Act, proceed thither directly with such Ship or Vessel and her Lading accordingly, taking with him such Licence, and Oath or Affirmation endorsed thereon as aforesaid, together with an Account of the Marks, Numbers, Package, Contents and Sorts of Sugars laden by virtue of such Licence, likewise endorsed thereon, or contained in a Certificate annexed thereto, in the Manner before directed, and may there land the same, without first touching at any Port in Great Britain; anything in this Act to but to return the contrary notwithstanding r But in such Case the Master, or other Person taking Charge of such thither within Ship or vessel, shall within eight Months after landing the said Sugars at such Port or Place, Porta unchnghwithter or aces and before such Ship or vessel shall go again to any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, ihe Licence and, return to some Port of Great Britain, and on his Arrival there deliver his said Licence to the Cornell tificate. missioner of the Customs respectively, or the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of such Port, with such Oath or Affirmation endorsed thereon, and an Account of the Lading endorsed likewise thereon, or contained in a Certificate annexed thereto as aforesaid, together with a Certificate from the Consul, or two known British Merchants of good Credit rending at the Ports or Places where such Sugars were landed, testifying the Landing thereof as aforesaid; the Master, or other Person taking Charge of Oath and Er such Ship or Vessel, shall likewise make Oath, or, if a Quaker, make a solemn. Affirmation, before the vj to be made. Customer or Collector and Comptroller, to the Truth of such Certificate; and that none of the Goods before enumerated, except Sugar, were taken on Board at any of the said Colonies, or landed at the Port or Place mentioned in the said Certificate; and the Master, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall likewise make an Entry or Entries with such Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Quantity and Sorts of all the Sugars laden on Board the said Ship or vessel at any of the said. as aforesaid, and landed at any Port or Place to the Southward of Cape Finisterre; which, Entry or Entries the Customer or Collector and Comptroller are to pass, without demanding or receiving any Custom or Duties for the same, mentioning in their Accounts, that such Entries were puffed by virtue of this Afi; and in case the Master, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to make an Entry or Entries of such Sugars so. landed as aforesaid, with the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port where he shall arrive, on his returning to Great Britain, he shall forfeit and lose one hundred Pounds, whereof one Mciety shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to suck Person or Persons as will sue for and i; recover the same.

On performing

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Return to Great Britain

anyship or Vessel which shall, pursuant to the Liberty given by this Afi, carry Sugars from his

t'lciiarsed; majeslv's Sugar Colonies to any foreign Parts, the Mailer, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship

othsvvwfc or Vessel, hall in either Case before mentioned bring back and deliver to the Commissioners of the

suriuied., Customs

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii I[. C 30. 373

Customs respectively, or to the Customer or Collector arul Comptroller of the Port in Great Britain, where such Ship or Veiled shall arrive, the Paid Licence, together with a Certificate signed and sealed by the Consul, or two known Brilijflj Merchants of good Credit at the Port or Place where such Sugar was landed, certifying the Landing thereof, with the Number of Casks of Sugar so landed, add the Mark, Number and Contents of each Calk, with the Name of the Ship and Mailer; and that they verily believe that no Tobacco or other Goods before enumerated (except Sugar) have been there landed out of such Ship or vessel; and upon such Licence being returned, with the Oath or Affirmation of the Mailer, and an Account of the Lading cndorsed thereon or annexed thereto as aforesaid, and also upon such Certificate of the Consul, or two known.british Merchants of good Credit, being produced, and Oath or Affirmation made as aforesaid, and the several other Matters and Things required by this act being duly complied with the Bond given before granting such Licence shall he discharged and delivered up; anything in the said Bond or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be jirofecuted in the Manner directed by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Ship or vessel shall, Ships unlading after the unloading such Sugars or any Part thereof, take on Board any Goods or Merchandise before

Itor Return to Great Britain, all such of the said Goods and Merchandise as shall remain on Board at aether Goods, her Arrival in Great Britain, shall be entered and landed on the Return of such Ship or Veiled to Great to tn

Britain, and before her Departure from ilience; and shall be subject to such Entries, Rues, regu tries' &c' lutions, Prohibitions, Penalties and Forfeitures as the like Goods and Merchandise imported in any other Ship or vessel are or would be subject and liable unto by this or any Law or Laws of the Customs.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything therein con This Act not

tiined, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to excuse any Ship or Vessel trading to, in or from excuse ships

the said Sugar Colonies, being regillred pursuant to the Act made in the seventh and eighth Year of ?[5t"'cdteins re"

his late Majesty King William the Third, on Proof of the Property made by one or more of the

Owners, in the Manner and under the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the said Act.

XII. And for Prevention of Seamen or Mariners deserting such Ships or vessels, or expending their Wages abroad, which may be of great Detriment to Trade and Navigation, and is often occasioned by the Owner or Owners of Ships or vessels paying Wages to the Seamen or Mariners when abroad;

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mailer or Owner of any Ship or vessel car se.imen to be rying Sugars as aforesaid shall pay or advance, or cause to be paid or advanced to any Seaman or Ma piid but half riner, during the Time lie shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, any Money or Fffedls upon Account of bcfcw e'tbfir Wages, exceeding one Moiety of the whole Wages which shall be due from the Time of his Departure return Horns., from Great Britain, until such Ship or vessel shall return to Great Britain; and if any such Matter or Owner of such Ship or vessel shall pay or advance, or cause to be paid or advanced any Wages to any Seaman or Mariner above the said Moiety, such Matter or Owner shall forfeit and pay double the Money he shall so pay cr advance, or cattle to be paid or advanced, to be recovered in tile high Court of Admiralty by any Person who shall first discover and inform of the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in Forfeitures curred by this Act (except where it is otherwise hereby provided) shall and may be prosecuted in any h°w tubers of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, one Moiety cove aj whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute and recover the same; wherein no eltoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XIV. and be it further enacted by the aurhor.ty aforesaid, That if any Person. or Persons [half be peri, ns sued sued or prosecuted for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead cite, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plain Gelien'i i!rag tiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become nonsuit, or forbear prol ecution, or discontinue

his, her or their Adlk n, or if a Verdict pass against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as in Case where Cell's Treble Cells, are by Law given to Defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall grant cf any false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase or alter any Licence, Oath or Certificate, made cr |iven gffnting L lfe pursuant to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use thereof; such Person off Per cenuk ates and Ions shall forfeit five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the Manner, directed by this ior£e, J': S act; and such Licence, Oath or Certificate so fulfilled, counterfeited, erased or altered ihait be invalid, and of no Fife: !.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, cr he construed to provir0, extend, to give or grant any Liberty to carry any Sugars fresh any of the said Sugar Colonies to 17 Ctc'2. r.; e. Ireland.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force live Years, to Be Continuance, reckoned from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and < rather con L from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer. nuedby 2; Coi.

<7.

O d till H ea

31 Geo. 2. c. 55. to zg Sept. 17c4- Concerning Plantations sit fai ther 15 Geo. 2. c. 37. 14 Geo. 1. if 33; 319 CCC .- it 34.

30 Geo. 2. c. 5.

C A

374 C 3g 32. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739

CAP. XXXI.

1.

An Act for establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Rath. PR

WHEREAS the Medicinal and Mineral W aters of the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset have been found by long Experience to give great Relief to Persons labouring under, or beinj afflicted with diverse Diseases, illnesses or Disorders incident to human Bodies; but it very often hap pens, that poor Persons so afflicted live at a great Distance from the said City of Bath, and canno bear the Expense of going thither, and attending to use the said Waters, by reason whereof grea Numbers of such poor Persons have been prevented from using and trying such Waters for their Be C nefit and Relief: And whereas his most Excellent Majesty hath out of his Royal Bounty, and diver other charitable and well disposed Persons, have contributed and raised by free Gift the Sum of foui thousand Pounds and upwards, in order to erect an Hospital or Infirmary in the said City of Bath.

for the Relief and Support of such indigent and poor Persons resident in and belonging to Great Britai;. C and Ireland, as are not able without such Charity to have any Benefit from the said Waters, ami have actually begun to build such Hospital or Infirmary, and are now carrying on the same, noi doubting but that it will by the present and future Subscriptions and other Charities be completed and continued for the Benefit of Futurity: And whereas the said Charity deserveth to be promoted and encouraged, and will greatly tend to the Honour and Good of the Public; but as the good and generous Intentions of his said most Excellent Majesty, and the said charitable and well disposed Per

cannot be so well and fully effected without an Act of Parliament, for the promoting, establishing and making good and effedhtal the said pious and charitable Intentions; 'May it please your mould Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, is'e.

V Governors appointed; who are declared a Body Corporate and Politic, tie, The Building vetted "in the said c01 poration. Nine to be a Quorum. Methods of admitting Patients. Persons minuted "to succeed in Turn. To be supplied with Money exclusive of any Benefit to be received from the "Hospital. Persons loitering about the City after they are discharged to be treated as Vagabonds. "Persons admitted into the Hospital not to obtain a Settlement. Patients to have the Use of the old "hot Bath and the old Pump, isc. The Money and Hospital to be managed by a President, 3 Treasurers and 32 Assistants. To be chosen annually. Their Proceedings subject to the Inspection ot "the Corporation. Money arising by Sale of Lands, C to be laid out in the Purchase of others, for the Use of the Corporation. Members or Governors dying, isle. others to be elected in their Stead. "Governors empowered to make bylaws. President to vote as a Member at general Courts; and to "have a calling Voice; and may appoint another Member to act in his Absence. Physicians, C to "be chosen in a general Assembly. Corporation to consist of 30 Members at leall. Adhons to be laid "in Corn' Somerset, C

CAP. XXXII.

An act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of ware in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River from the said Town of Ware to the new Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to ftipply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water.

JJ % is.

WHEREAS there hath been and Hill is an ancient and sccustomed Navigation on that Part of the River Lee, which runs from the Borough and Town of Hertford in the County of

Hertford, to Wan Bridge in the Town of Ware in the same County; which Navigation hath for merly. at different Times, been carried on through different Branches of the said River; but the same

for many Years pall: hath been and now is carried from the said Borough and Town of Hertford through a Channel running to Ware Mills, unto and through a Cittern or Lock near the said Mills,

and from thence to Ware Bridge in the said Town of Ware, and from thence to the River of banes:

And whereas the Governor an d Company of the New River brought from Chadwel and Amwell to X London, have, for many Years pail, had and received into the said New River, a considerable Quantity of Water which issued out of the said River Lee, at the Mouth or Opening of Manifold Ditch,

which lies between the said Town of Hertford and the said Town of Ware: And whereas several

have arisen between the Corporation of the said Borough and Town of Hertford, and the

Inhabitants of the said Town of jvare, and the said Governor and Company, touching the Water issuing out of the said River Lee into the said Nav River, and touching the Course of the said Nav: - gation: And for ending thereof, and for preventing the like for the future, ar d for improving the h C Navigation of the said River Lee, the Corporation of the said Borough and Town of Hertford, and the Inhabitants of the said Town of tvare, and also the said Governor and Company, who have pttr chased jvare Mills aforesaid, have agreed that the Navigation between Hertford ar, d I I'are Bridge may

be fixed and ascertained in the present Channel, and that the Quantity of Water which is to be taken

from the River Lee, into the said New River, may be ascertained in the Manner, and upon the

Terms

375

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 32.

1 Terms and Considerations herein after mentioned, which will redound to a general Good; but cannot be established or rendered effectual without the Aid of an at of parliamentwherefore the Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said Borough and Town of Hertford, and the Inhabitants of the said Town of Ware, and also the said Governor and Company most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice m.d. Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afllm dled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of "June one Navigation of thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, the Navigation of the said River Lee shall be, and the same isjterlained*c hereby established, and for ever hereafter shall be fixed and continued in the same Channel or Courfea l'trtaxe wherein the said River now runs, and is used for Navigation, from the said Town of Hertford to ware mills as far as the Lock or Cistern near the said Mills, and through the said Lock or Ciflern to hare tridge, and front thence in anti along the ancient River Lee unto the beginning of the Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London, in pursuance of the Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the bringing of the River of Lee '0 the North Side of the City of London, and from thence in and along the said new Cut or River unto he said River of Thames, in the same Manner as the Navigation hath been usually carried on and per tprined.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a sufficient Supply of Water from the occup; ers of mill dam of the said ware mills shall be given by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Mills, for the ware mills ro Pillage of all. Barges, Boats, and Craft through the said Lock or Cistern, and for carrying them from Supply hence to jvare bridge, and back again from ware bridge to and through the said Lock or Ciflern, the

Owners or Occupiers of every Barge, Boat, or Craft passing through the same towards jvare, first pay merges, C tig to the Owners or Occupiers of the said Mills the Sum of one Shilling for each Barg, Boat, or through the raft, for such Passage through the said Lock or Ciflern, and for such Supply of Water, and withoutlock' paying anything on their Return through the said Lock or Ciflern.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company shall ev rlrto rom time to time, and at all times hereafter, at their own proper Costs and Charges, maintain and k°epthaock [teep in good and sufficient Repair the said Lock or Cistern near tyre said ware mills, for the Conveniency in repair.

if all Barges, Boats and Craft that shall from time to time have Occasion to pass or repass through the

Iame; so as that, for want of any such Repairs (otherwise than at the Time or Times of the absolute steceflity of making good the same) they may not at any Time or Times be hindered or stopped in heir passage through the same Lock or Ciflern.*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the i rustees herein after named, or to be Trustees tofet ippointed in pursuance of this Act, or any ten or more of them, shall and may, out of the Moneys "P 'Akwif lerein after appointed to be laid out for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, between the Town l£.s 1 e iv'r if Hertford and jvare bridge, setup, erect or build a Turnpike, Weir, Jertey or some other Device '

ross the said River Lee, between the said Mills and water lane, near the Wall of the Priory Orchard n Ware aforesaid, in such convenient Place and Manner as by the said Trustees, or any ten or more of hem, shall be thought most beneficial for the Navigation of that Part of the said River Lee, and be least letrimental to the said Mills; and also from time to time, and at all times hereafter, scour, cleanse and and tocleanre leepen the same River Lee, between the said Mills and jvare bridge \ and shall have Power to pass and and deepen the epafs with Carts and Carriages in, through, and over the Grounds adjoining, for the Purposes afore 'vtr' aid, making such reasonable Satisfaction to all Owners or Occupiers of Lauds and Grounds which may ?e damaged or injured thereby, as the justices of the Peace for the said County, at any General quarter lesions, shall adjudge, in case the said Trustees and the other Parties concerned cannot agree; but The Company he said Governor and Company Avail havf the Direction and Government of such Turnpike, Weir, to have cht Ui jettey or Device after erected, and shall, from time to time, maintain and keep the same in good and t^nn?e after Sufficient Repair, and permit all Barges, Boats and Craft to pass through the same without any Toll erected'. C 3 Xr or other Acknowledgment for such Pailage.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the disuigi t of said Governor and Company of the New River, at all Times for ever hereafle', to have, receive and rivea're'i'ito' take from and out of the said River Lee into the said New River, and to hold, uie and enjoy a Quan the northeast V River tity or Body of Water constantly to Blue from the said River Lee, at or near the Mouth or openingafcerr aintd of Manifold Ditch aforesaid, through the Balance Engine there lately erected by the said Governor and Company, and to pass and run along and through the said Manifold Ditch, to the ancient Turnpike or Sluice of the said Governor and Company, now starr ing cross the same Ditch, near a small Piece of Land called Chalk island, and from the said ancient Turnpike or Sluice in and along a Cut or Trench made from thence into the said New River, through the present Timber Gauge or Trough, there lately placed by the said Company; which Gauge or Trough is of the clear Dimensions within the same, of six Feet in Weacith or Breadth, two Feet in Depth, and fourteen Feet in Length, and is to be Continued of the same and no greater Dimensions for ev er hereafter in Brick, Wood 'or Stone as the said.

Governor and Company flrall think most proper and useful, between the Brick Arch Handing near the said Turnpike and the said New River, and not be placed perpendicularly higher or lower than the present Gauge now is, to the Intent that the said Governor and Company shall for ever hereafter be ship plied with a constant Quantity or Body of Water of the Dimensions aforesaid, and no more, to run and pass from the said River Lee into the said New River in a natural Course, and without any Pen at the said Gauge or Trough; and that it shall not be lawful to or for the said Governor and Company, at any Time of Times herea ter, to take any more or other or greater Quantity of Water than as aforesaid, out of and from the said River Lee or Manifold Ditch aforesaid, between the Towns of Hertford and,

Ware,

V —

37 6

C

9

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 173<5

Means so prevent too ret a Quantity to be drawn otf.

The Company

Ware, by or through any other Passage, Ditch or Cut, or in any other Manner than as in this Act mentioned.

VI. And, to nrevent any greater Quantity of Water than as aforesaid, at any Time or Times, palfin from the said River Lee, through the said Gauge or Trough, into the said New River; Be it furthe enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company shall, at their own Costs an Charges, for ever hereafter, maintain the Turnpike or tumbling bay now fixed and Handing cross Ma nifold Ditch, just below the Mouth of the said new Cut leading from thence to the Nczv River, and a, other tumbling bays or Turnpikes by the said Governor and Company hereafter to be erected, of th same Height and Breadth, and no higher or narrower than the present Turnpike now is (which i fourteen Feet wide) and so low as to keep or reduce the Head of Water flowing down the said Ditcl to be upon a Level with, and not higher than the Top or uppermost Part of the said Gauge or Trough in the said Cut, and the two adjacent capped Stones placed as Standards, the one near the said Bricl Arch, and the other near Chadwell Spring, now are; so that all superfluous Water, more than can wit) a natural Current pass through the said Gauge or Trough, may run over the said tumbling bay or b3ys and fall again through the present Channel below the said ancient Turnpike into the said River Lee.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company shall ani

w^er^course16 may from time to time' anc at fmes hereafter, as Need or Occasion shall require, maintain and kee| ater cour, open the Mouth of the said alanfold Ditch, on the Side of the said River Lee, and remove all Soil lyinj before or about the same, and cleanse, scour and maintain the water course through the said Ditch for conveying the said Water to the said Nezv River, they making Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands adjoining thereunto, for all Damages which shall be done thereby, in Manner a and the Balance herein after is mentioned; and shall and may for ever hereafter maintain and support the said Bafano £ngii.e j Engine or Device erected near the said Mouth or Opening of the said Ditch next the said River Lee that a necessary and sufficient Quantity of Water (neither more or less, as near as maybe) may fron time to time run through the said Manifold Ditch, to supply and fill the said Gauge or Trough; am shall for ever hereafter continue the said Balance Engine or Device in the Manner, and at or near th Place where it now is.

and may.erect

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for theftcandranhoui|r Governor and Company to erect, build and continue, or catife to be erected, built and continued Adjoining to icf over or upon the Balance Engine or Device for the time being, (landing at or near the Mouth of th said Manifold Ditch, any Building or covering requisite for the Preservation of the same or otherwise and also to erect, build and continue, or cause to be erected, built and continued, near or adjoining t( such Balance Engine or Device, a dwelling house or Habitation for one or mote Servant or Servants Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, who shall from time to time be employed tc take care of such Balance Engine or Device, and Buildings thereunto belonging; the said Governor am Company making Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Soil in lueh Place or Places whereoi such dwelling house or Buildings lltall be erected and built, in manner as is herein after alii mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfj to and for the said Governor and Conqrany, to have, hold and enjoy for ever such Balance Engine or Device, and alf< the said dwelling house and Buildings, 'and the said Gauge or Trough, Turnpikes, Sluices and Tumbling bays already erected, or any other Gauge or Trough, Turnpikes, Sluices or tumbling bays, b' virtue of this Act to be erected and built, and from time to time to repair and amend the same; ani they, or any of them, shall at all convenient Times have free Entry and Passage with their Men Hories, Carts or other Carriages, by, over or through any Ground or Land, in Places, and at Time meet or convenient, to and from such Balance Engine or Device, dwelling house or Habitation, ant Buildings, Gauge or Trough, Turnpikes, Sluices or tumbling bays, or to do or perform any Thint necessary cr requisite for the making, building, ereciing, repairing', maintaining, preferring or amendinj the same, or any Part thereof, they the said Governor and Company making Satisfaction for ail fuel' Damages as shall be done thereby; the same, and all other Satisfaction and Recompense to be madt by the said Company, for anything to be done by the Authority of this Act, to be ascertained by th Trustees nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed by or in purfuar.ee of this Act or any ten or more of them, in case the Parties cannot agree.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may b lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any ten or more of them, with any Servants or Surveyors with rhstn from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, at all seasonable Times in the daytime, to see and inspect tin aforesaid Balance Engine or Device, Gauge or Trough, Turnpike or tumbling bay, and the several Condi tinos and Repairs thereof, to the End that no more Water shall or may be taken out of the said River Lee, 0 Manifold Ditch, through the aforesaid Gauge or Trunk, than ought to pass or run through the same by virtui ..of this Add, or than shall be sufficient constantly to supply and fill the said Gauge or Trough; and if upon an; such Inspection, any Defects or Wants of Repair shall at any Time or Times appea, whereby a great Quantity of Water than as aforesaid shall or may pass through the said Balance Engine or Device, o tile said Gauge or Trough, then the said Governor and Company, within six Months after Notice shall be given in Writing to them, or to any of their Servants employed to 1 ok after the same, of such De. fedts or Wants of Repairs, shall from time to time well and sufficiently make good such Defects, ani repair the same purfuiant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, in Default thereof, the salt Trustees, or any tdn of them., shall and may do, or cause the same to be done, and be paid by the salt Company the reasonable Charges thereof; but the principal Work's are to remain, and be hxed am framed in the same Form and Manner as the lame now are or ought to be pursuanr to this Acts.

7 XI Am

The Company to enjoy such 'engine, Building, C for ever,

and to have free j'afiage to and from thence,

making satis fattion for Damages.

Trustees may inspect the Balance Engine, to see if it be kept, in Repair,

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 32.

[373]

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Course of Water or Ditch, rropcny of called Manifold Ditch, and the Water running through the same to the said New River, shall for ever {J*'*

hereafter be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said Nav River; and the Property thereof shall be, Company', = and is hereby veiled and settled in the said Governor and Company for ever, except and always re.

to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said Borough and Town of Hertford, persons uicir and to all Lords of Manors and others, their several accustomed Rights to fish therein, and to all respective Owners and Occupiers of Land adjoining to, or lying near the said Ditch, and to all Persons having Rights.

Right of Common in the common Meadows lying near or adjoining thereunto, their respective Rights of passing as usual through or over the same Ditch at the usual Ford, and to water their Horses and Cattle therein as usual, doing no Damage to the said Governor and company's Works.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no new Mill, Lock or Weir shall hereafter be erected on the said River Lee, or any Branch thereof, between the Mouth of Manifold Ditch and ware mills, or on the said Manifold Ditch.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall at any Prohibition to time or times call or put into the said water course or Ditch, called Manifold Ditch, or the said cut<ld between the same, and the said New River, or into the said New River, or any of the water courses, j; ter, or the

Canals, Ponds, Reservatories or Pipes already made or laid, or hereafter to be made or laid, for the Works thereon.

Conveyance or Passage of the Water from the same, or any Part or Parts of the said City of London, or

Suburbs thereof, or to any Part or Parts of the said City of Westminster, or Liberties thereof, any Filth,

Rubbish, Soil, dead Dogs, dead Cats, dead Carcases, Carrion or other unwholesome Thing; or wash or cleanse. therein any Wool, Hemp, Flax or other noisome Thing; nor hinder, let, Hop, draw off, turn or divert the said Water, or the Current or Passage thereof, by any Device, Art, Contrivance or Means whatsoever, without the Licence or Consent of the said Governor and Company; ptor do any Damage, Nuisance or Annoyance to the said Lock or Cittern, Weir or Jettey, Gauge or Trough, Turnpikes or tumbling bays, or other Buildings or Erections aforesaid, or to the said water course or

Ditch, or to the said Cut between the same and the New River, or to the said ntw River, or any the water courses, Canals, Ponds, Reservatories, Pipes, Banks or Bridges of or belonging to the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietors and Occupiers of the Water to V said Mills, called ware mills, shall for ever hereafter permit and suffer the usual Quantity of Water to be supplied from let out from the Head of Water at ware mills, from the said River Lee, at proper and convenient

Times and Seasons as heretofore, to run through the said Town of Ware, for the cleansing and pre Town of Ware, serving the Streets and Highways leading through the said Town; the usual and former Exemptions of Parish and other Duties, Rates and Offices, and the former Payments and Allowances for the same, being from time to time continued and made to and for the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Mills, and the Premises by them held and enjoyed.

XV. And for the better establishing the Remedies, which as well the said Governor and Company New River may have again! any Person or Persons, or which any Person or Persons may have again! them; Be Company imit declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company shall, by the p°vfic!ues'>&e Name of the Governor and Company of the New River, brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London pl CC'(which Name is originally given them by their Charter) sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, an

iwer and be answered in all Courts of Record and elsewhere; shall and may recover full Satisfaction

for any Damage accruing by any Matter or Thing which shall be done contrary to this Act, in or by s

an Action of Trespass, or on the Case; and, in case they recover in such Action, shall be paid their full Costs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for the same as in other Cases of Costs.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and tl.ufiees no recorder of the City of London for the time being, the Knights of the Shire for the County of Mid minated. dle/'ex for the time being, the Members of Parliament for the City of Westminster for the time being,

ivailter Plumer, Richard Plumer, Esquires; Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Sir william heath coat, Baronets; John Smart, Esquire, Rivers Dickinson, Gentleman, Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrooke,

Baronet, jfofepb Gascoigne Nightingale, Harry Gough, 'Ralph Harwood, Daniel Brattle, Hugh Smithson,

John Francis Tyffett, Samuel Tyffen, Samuel Trench, Esquires; Zacheus Hayden, Gentleman, jvilliarn pul teniy, John Hambleton, George Bourn, Esquires; Right Honourable Henry Lord Colraine in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Knights of the Shire for the County of Essex for the time being, the Members of Parliament for the Borough of Colchester for the time being. Sir Edward Smyth, Sir Cafar Child,

Baronets; Charles jvake Jones, John Abdy, Edward Conyers, Andrew Searle, Junior, Richard Lockwood,

Peyton Altham, Richard Stains, Thomas Archer, John Comyns, Peter Slayer, william Harvey, Senior,

william Glascock, Robert Snell, John Badger jveller, Richard Morgan, Esquires; Richard Collat'd, william Pigbourne, John Kempe, John Rochester, Gentlemen; the Knights of the Shire for the County of Hertford for the time being, the Members of Parliament for the Borough of Hertford for the time being,

Sir Thomas Clarke, Knight; Nathaniel Braffey, John Byde, Thomas Plumer Byde, william Cowper, Charles Cafar, Peter Calvert, Felix Calvert of Pelham, Esquires; Thomas Charges, Baronet; Henry Dunster,

William Field, George Harrison, Thomas Hall, the honourable Charles Leigh, Charles Monson, william Plumer, Richard Reynolds, william Shaw, William Stanley, Richard jvarren, Thomas jvinnington, Esquires; Mayor ot Hertford for the time being, Thomas Martin, Robert Plomcri Esquires; and George Hathaway, Gentleman, shall be and are hereby nominated Trustees for the putting in Execution the Powers and Trusts in them reposed, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, for the Purposes herein expressed; that the said Trustees, or any ten or more of them, shall hrft meet and assemble together Trustees when at the House known by the Sign of the Old Crown at jvare, on Monday the sixth Day of August one antj where to thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and also yearly, and every Year thereafter, on the lirlt Monday n1set

Vol. VI [B b b j in

[374] C 32.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

If there be not ten at any

Sums to be paid by the nev River Company to such Persons as the Trustees shall appoint.

The same, on nonpayment, recoverable by Distress.

in August, at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place within the City of London, or Counties of Hertford, Essex or Middlesex, as they the said Trustees, or any ten of them, shall think proper or convenient; and at such their Meetings shall and may from time to time adjourn themselves, and meet at any Place or Places within the City or Counties aforesaid, as they, or any ten or more of them, shall think moult proper or convenient for putting in Execution the Powers and Trulls in them reposed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if there shall not be ten Trustees present at any such Meeting tin 'the or Meetings so to be appointed, then, and in any such Case, such Meeting shall be continued, and

fametcf bead hand and be adjourned over to that Day four Weeks, and to the same Place as such Meeting was

joumed till that last appointed to be held; and the Cleric or proper Officer of the said Trustees, which they, or any

Day Week?. ten or more of them, are hereby empowered to appoint and remove as they think fit, shall give at least

fourteen Days Notice in the London Gazette, or such other Notice as the said Trustees, or any ten or more of them, shall from time to time order or direct, of the Day and Place on which such adjourned Meeting shall be held; and that the said Trustees at their first Meeting, and at all subsequent Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expenses.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the New River shall pay, or cause to be paid, unto such Person and Persons as the said Trustees, or any ten or more of them, at their first general Meeting, or at any other of their general Meetings, shall from time to time by Writing under their Hands appoint, the several Sums of Money in the Manner and at the Times herein after mentioned; that is to say, the several Sums of two thousand five hundred Pounds, and seven hundred and fifty Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, on the nine and

twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; and yearly and every Year for ever, from the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, the several yearly Sums of three hundred Pounds, and fifty Pounds of like lawful Money, by two. equal half yearly Payments; that is to say, on the five and twentieth Day of March, and the nine and twentieth Day of September; the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty; such Payments to be made at the Office, Place or House where the said Company do or shall usually meet for the Dispatch of their bu finess within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof, upon Demand to be made by the Person or Persons so to be appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, of or from the Treasurer, Clerk or Agent of the said Company for the time being; and in Default of such Payment by the Space of one and twenty Days after such Demand, and after a Duplicate of such Appointment shall be left with the said Treasurer, Clerk or Agent of the said Company, the same shall and may be recovered against the said Governor and Company, with full Cods of Suit, by Action to be brought against the said Governor and Company, in the Names of five or more of the said Trustees, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster., to be laid in any Place within the City of london or County of Middlesex, wherein the Plaintiff's may declare, that the said Governor and Company, being indebted to the said Plaintiffs in the Sum or Sums then in Arrear (specifying the same, and the Time when it became payable by virtue of this Act, mentioning the Title thereof) have not paid the same, although demanded according to the said act; and in which action or Actions no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one thousand Pounds, Part of the said two thousand five hundred Pounds, shall be paid to George Hathaway, John Docivra, Anthony Sage, Humphry Ives, Thomas Fletcher, Ambrose Protlor and jvayte Hampfon, the Survivors or Survivor of them, Inhabitants of the said Parish of Ware; out of which they shall in the first Place pay and discharge all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been borrowed and actually laid out in carrying on and executing a late Commission of Sewers, for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, from ware to the River of Thames, or for scouring, cleansing or deepening the same, which (till remains due and unpaid, and alp all such further Sum and Sums of Money, Cods, Charges and Expenses as the said Inhabitants of Ware, or any of them, have at any Time been at, or have expended or laid out, in, about, or any ways relating to the obtaining this present act; and shall and may apply the Residue of the said Sum of one thousand Pounds, in such manner as the said George Hathaway, John Docivra, Anthony Sage, Humphry Ives, Thomas Fletcher, Ambrose Proctor and ivayte Hampfon, or the major Part of them, or of the Survivors of them, shall think most beneficial towards carrying on the Navigation from the said Town of Ware, and that the Residue of the said Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds, and also the said three hundred Pounds a Year, shall from time to time be paid and applied for the better Preservation and Improvement of the said Navigation of the said River Lee from ware bridge to the beginning of the said new Cut, and for purchasing, building or hiring Locks or Weirs upon the said River, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any ten or more of them, shall direct; and also for defraying all such Charges and Expenses as shall be necessary for executing the Powers in this act contained; and the said Moneys shall be issued and paid by the Person and Persons so to be appointed to receive the same, according to such Orders as the Trustees, or any ten or more of them, at any of their general Meetings shall make for that Purpose; that out of the said Sum of seven hundred and fifty Pounds, shall in the first Place be paid all such Sum and Sums of Money, Cods, Charges and Expenses as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Inhabitants of the said Town o( Hertford, or any of them, have at any Time been at, or have expended or laid out in the scouring and cleansing the River Lee, between the said Town of Hertford and ware bridge, or in erecting or repairing the Turnpikes thereon, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three hundred and two Pounds twelve Shillings; and also all such further Sum and Sums as they, or any of them, have laid out, expended or been at, in, about, or any ways relating to the obtaining this present act, as the said

Application thereof.

C 32- [375]

Trustees, or any ten 01 more of them, shall at any general Meeting think fit and direct to be paid; and that the Residue of the said Sum of seven hundred and fifty Pounds, and the said Sum of fifty Pounds a Year, shall from time to time be paid and applied for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation of the said River Lee, between the said Town of Hertford and ware bridge, and also for defraying all such Charges and Expenses as shall be necessary for executing the Powers in this Act contained, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any ten or more of them, shall direct or appoint; which said Trustees are hereby authorised and empowered to do and execute all such Acts, Powers and Trusts for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation of the River Lee, from ware bridge to the beginning of the said new Cut, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full, large and ample Manner as they the said Trustees are herein before empowered to do and execute for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation of the said River Lee, between the said Town of Hertford and ware bridge aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the continuing of a sufficient Number of fit and able Persons to be Trustees for ever for the Purposes in this Act expressed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees herein before named, and the Trustees to be hereafter named, or any ten or more of them, upon the Death of any of the said Trustees, or their Removal or Refusal to act in the said Trust, at any public Meeting or Meetings, whereof twenty-one Days Notice shall at least be given in the London Gazette, or such other Notice as the said Trustees, or any ten or more, shall from time to time order and direct, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, to elect, nominate and appoint in tyre Room of such Trustee or Trustees so.deceased, removed, or refusing to act, so many more fit and able Person or Persons, who at the Time of such Election, Nomination or Appointment, shall have Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments in fee simple, fee tail or for Term of Life, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds or upwards, and who shall live and reside in the same County where such Trustee or Trustees so dying, removed or refusing to act, did at the t*me of his and their being elected, nominated or appointed, live and reside, to be joined with them in the Execution of all and every the Powers and Trusts in the said Trustees reposed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons, from time to time, so as aforesaid to be elected, nominated or chosen to join in the putting in Execution this Act, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to act and do to all Intents and Purposes in as full, large and ample Manner as they the said Trustees herein before appointed are by this Act empowered to act and do.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed for putting this present Act in Execution, or any ten or more of them, at any of their general Meetings, to apply for and sue out any Commission or Commissions of Sewers, for the better scouring, cleansing and preserving the said River Lee, from the said Town of Hertford to ware bridge, and from thence to the said new Cut or River made by the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, and to apply any Sum or Sums of Money, which shall from time to time be in the Hands or Power of the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed by this Act, for the defraying the Expenses of taking out and executing such Commission or Commissions of Sewers, in such Manner as shall be thought necessary.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Owners, or Steersman of any Boat, Barge or Vessel navigating in and upon the said River, shall permit or suffer any fishing net, Gun, Engine or other Instrument for taking and destroying of Fish or Game, to be carried in such Boat, Barge or vessel, being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before two or more of the said Trustees (which Oath they are hereby authorised to administer) shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of the said Trustees, or any two or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the said offender's Goods, rendering, the Overplus (the Charge of such Warrant, Distress and Sale being the reout rirft deductedj to such Offender; one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offender shall be convicted.

XXII. Saving and reserving at all Times hereafter unto the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of London, all their Rights and Privileges, which by any Law, Usage or Custom, they have at any time heretofore held, had or enjoyed, or now hold, have or enjoy, in or upon the said River Lee, or any Part thereof; and also saving and reserving, at all Times hereafter, unto all Persons whatsoever, their several just Rights and Privileges, which by Law they have at any time heretofore had, held or enjoyed, or now hold, have or enjoy, in or upon the said River Lee, or any Part thereof, or in, upon or relating to the said New River, or any Part thereof; or any Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments through which the Stream of the said New River or any Part thereof runs, or in, upon or through which any water courses, Canals, Ponds, Reservatories, Mains or Pipes are or have been made or laid; saving also and reserving unto all Persons whatsoever, Owners of any Lands and other Hereditaments through which the said New River runs, all their Rights and Privileges, which by an Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the 'First, intituled, An Act for the bringing in a fresh Stream of running Water into the North Part of the City of London, are saved and reserved; also saving and reserving to the several Owners of any Lands or other Hereditaments, through which any of the said company's Mains or Pipes are or shall be laid, such yearly Rents, Satisfaction or Recompense as the said Company is or shall by Agreement be liable to pay and discharge; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and Notice shall be taken thereof as such in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere,

Vacancies of Trustees how to be filled up.

Trustees empowered to sue out commissions f Sewers.

Penalty on Vessels carrying Nets, C for destroying Fish.

Saving to all Persons their respective Rights.

Public A.

p37^] C 33. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 173'

where, without specially pleading of the same; and if any Action, Suit or Information shall be broug or commenced by or against any Person or Persons, or by or against the said Governor and Compai of the New River, for anything done pursuant to this Act, every Inch Action, Suit or Informatic shall be brought and commenced within twelve Calendar Months mext after the Facts committed, ar not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County or City where the Matter in Dispute (h; arise and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may pie; the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be h: thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if tl same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit or Information shall be broug] or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing or commencing the same, or shall be la or brought in any other County, City or Place than where the Matter in Dispute shall lie, then tl Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nor suited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall paf: or Judgement upon Demurrer be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendan' shall have full Costs, and such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath have, or may or can have for Costs in any other Cases by Law,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the Rive Thames, from the Woolstaple or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the Cir of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey and to enable them by Lottery to raise Money for the several Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge th Time for exchanging Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge; and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

PR.

<3 Geo. 2. c. 29.

WHEREAS the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Wool 20 Geo. 2. CC y, staple or thereabouts, in the parish of Saint Margaret in the City of jvejim mjier, to the opposit 11 (, 'eo. 2. C 25. < s]lore in tie County of Surrey, are by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made in the ninth, tend and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, some or one of them respectively authorise! ' and empowered to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Ground, and of such Houses as they', 0 ' any nine or more of them, shall judge fit to be removed, rebuilt or pulled down, and to purchast the same for the better or more effectual widening and rendering more commodious the several Ways

Streets and Passages on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said Bridge; as also, to let, lei or dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground as they may be possessed of, over and above what may be necessary for the opening and widening of Ways, Streets and Passages as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for or purchase the same; 'and to design, assign and lay out in what Manner the new Houses to be built shall be erected and built, and of what Breadth and Extent the said Streets and Passages shall be; and also to sell and dispose of the Materials of such House 01 4 Houses as the said Commissioners shall purchase and cause to be pulled down as aforesaid; ' whereas several Doubts have airfen, and may arise, relating to the Construction, Force and Effect of the Powers vested in the Commissioners, whereby the executing the Purpose and Design of the said Acts of Parliament in the best and most advantageous Manner may be prevented or greatly obstruct 4 ed: And whereas the several Ways, Streets and Passages near the said intended Bridge are very narrow and incommodious for the passing and repafiing of Coaches, Carts and other Carriages, to the Hindrance and Obstruction of Trade and Commerce in that Neighbourhood, and most of the Houses therein and thereto adjacent are very old, and in a ruinous and decaying Condition: And whereas several convenient Ways and Streets might be made on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, as also to and from the Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament, to the great Ease and Advantage of Passengers and the Public in general, in case the said Houses and Estates were under the Disposition and Management of the said Commissioners, and the Powers al ready vested in them were further explained and enlarged Wherefore, for preventing all Doubts and Difficulties concerning the Premises; and for promoting and encouraging a Design so useful and beneficial to the Public; may it please youi most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, sv.

Commissioners empowered to make convenient Passages to and from the Bridge, and to agree with the Owners of Houses and Lands for that Purpose. Limits assigned them. Any Persons retufing to treat, a Jury to be impanelled. Commissioners Judgement thereupon to be final. Their and the Juries Proceedings to be kept among the Records of Middlefe# and Surrey respectively. On Payment of the Sums awarded, Commissioners empowered to pull down Houses, ev. On any Dispute between the Parties interested in the Premises, C Commissioners to pay the Money into the Bank, f4 or place it out in the Funds: and thereupon dispose of the Premises according to the A CL The Sums paid to Trustees for Infants, C to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, sv. in fee simple. 44 Trustees to convey the Lands, is'c. to the Commissioners in fee simple. Commissioners to meet and adjourn. Any nine of them' may meet before the dated Day. Commissioners empowered to dispose of Grounds more than necessary for the Purposes of the at. 325,000l. to be advanced by 5l. 41 Lottery Tickets. 15l. for every 100l. amounting in the whole to 48, 750l. to be deducted, to be 8 44 applied

L imitation of Actions.

General Issue,

Full Costs.

A.D. 1739. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. C. 34 - 36. 377

part Lottery "Sums due on the Tickets unexchanged.

CAP. XXXIV.

}< Cfo. 2. C ?.t?() ?() C '?. 30 (See. 2. C 34.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from spittlegate hill near Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the County of Nottingham.

PR.

The Tolls are further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, amending the Highways leading from brampton bridge to jveford bridge in the County of Northampton, and also the great Poll Road, from morter pit hill, in the said County, through Brixworth, Lamport, maid well, Kelmarsh and oxenden magna, to chain bridge, leading into market barborough in the County of Leicester.

PR.

The Tolls are further continued for 21 Years. [Continued by 23 Geo. C 8.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for prohibiting, the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain, and for repealing so much of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Duties payable upon Paper imported into this Kingdom, to be made use of in Printing, greatly exceed the Duties payable upon the Importation of printed Books, owm mv % Book! ' whereby Foreigners and others are encouraged to bring in great Numbers of Books originally 3j^'9'

it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and wi ll the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Septenber one thousand seven hundred penalty on and thirty-nine, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import or bring in porting or feil to this Kingdom for Sale, any Book or Books first composed or written, and printed and published ins. l!ooljs first in this Kingdom, and reprinted in any other Place or Country whatsoever; and if any Person or jointed hfuiis Persons shall import or bring into this Kingdom for Sale, any printed Book or Books, so first com kingdom, and posed or written, and printed in this Kingdom, and reprinted in any other Place or Country as reprinted a aforesaid; or knowing the same to be so reprinted or imported, contrary to the true Intent and bl0jl* meaning of this Act, shall sell, publish or expose to Sale any such Book or Books; then every such Person or Persons so doing or offending, shall forfeit the said Book or Books, and all and every Sheet or Sheets thereof; and the same shall be forthwith damafked, and made Waste Paper; and further, that every such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and double the Value of every Book which he or they shall so import or bring into this Kingdom, or shall knowingly sell, publish or expose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published or exposed to Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; the one Moiety thereof to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons that shall lue for the same; to be recovered with Costs of Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at west minjmr by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which no Wager of Law, Essoin or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and if the Offence be committed in Scotland, to be recovered before the Court of Session there, by summary Action: Provided that this Act Exceptions, shall not extend to any Book that has not been printed or reprinted in this Kingdom within twenty y&irs before the same shall be imported.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Importation of any Book first composed or written, and printed in this Kingdom, which shall or

may be reprinted Abroad, and inserted among other Books ortradls, and to be sold therewith, in

any Collection, where the greatest Part of such Collection shall have been first composed or written, and printed Abroad; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the Clause in the

lets, Printer or Printers shall, after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven Voe. VI C C Q - hundred

378 C 36. Anno duodecimo Georgii II. A.D. 1739.

hundred and ten, set a Price upon, or sell, or expose to Sale any Bosk or Books, at such a Price or Rate as shall be conceived by any Person or Persons to be high and unreasonable; it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to make Complaint thereof to the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the time being, the Vice Chancellors of the two Universities for the time being, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Lord President of the Sessions for the time being, the Lord Justice General for the time being, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer for the time being, the Rector of the College of Edinburgh for the time being in that Part Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who, or any one of them, shall, and have hereby full Power and Authority from time to time, to send for, summon, or call before him or them, such buok l'eller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, and to examine and inquire of the Reason of the dear ness and Inchancement of the Price or Value of such Book or Books by him or them so sold, or exposed to Sale; and if upon such Inquiry and Examination, it shall be found that the Price of such Book, or Books is enhanced, or any wise too high or unreasonable, then, and in such Case, the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, Bishop of London? two Chief justices, Chief Baron, Vice Chancellors of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England., and the said Lord President of the Sessions, Lord Justice General, Lord Chief Baron, and Redur of the College of Edinburgh in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any one or more of them, so inquiring and examining, have hereby full Power and Authority to reform and retire the same, and to limit and settle the Price of every such printed Book and Books, from time to time, according to the bell of their Judgments, and as to them shall seem just and reasonable; in case of Alteration of the Rate or Price from what was fetor demanded by such Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, to award and order such Bookseller and Booksellers, Printer and Printers, to pay all the Costs and Charges that the Person or Persons so complaining shall be put

unto by reason of such Complaint, and of the causing such Rate or Price to be so limited and

settled; all which shall be done by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, lod Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, Bishop of London, two Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Vice Chancellors of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the said Lord President of the Sessions, Lord Justice General, Lord Chief Baron, and Rector of the College of Edinburgh in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any one of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, and there;

public Notice shall be forthwith given by the said Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers,

by an Advertisement in the Gazette; and if any Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, shall, after such Settlement made of the said Rate and Price, fell, or expose to Sale, a ly Book or Books at a higher or greater Price than what shall have been so limited and settled as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, such Bookseller and Booksellers, Printer and Printers, shall forfeit the Sum of live Pounds for every such Book so by him, her or them sold or exposed to Sale, one Moiety thereof to the queen's most Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the same, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, in any of her majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Lav, eltoin, Privilege or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Part of the said Clause, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Commence ivb And be it further enacted, That this Act (except so much thereof as repeals the before men ^ance of this tl0ned Clause in the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, relating ab. to the Prices of Books) shall continue and be in Force from the said twenty-ninth Day of Scpten: -

'Farther conti ber one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from a"<! l^ence to End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer,

33cv0. 2. C l6.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii II.

Continual ttfquc 41 d. u in Martis, XXII»*ta«sep

t€mbri$ Anno Rsgni, C XIV ta j&ecordo*

T the Parliament begun and held at Wesltninster, the fourteenth Day of January, Anno Dorn. one thoulnd seven hundred and thirty-four, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, isc. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the fifteenth Day of November 1739, "being the sixth Session of this present Parliament.

EXP.

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II.

C 2 4.

379

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty. EXP. 4 s. 111 the Pound.

CAP. III.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships, and Privateers.

FOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and Frwmblt.

on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading vessels, and Privateers, and for the better carry cntczur sfc' ing on the present or any future War, and the Trade of Great Britain during the Continuance mtrty refer n thereof; May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's, ntofl 2

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the z&gtr.3.< e3. Continuance of this present War, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and 9"10w'v other Trading Ships or vessels, and Privateers, which shall be on their Voyage before the Deter 2 C 0. mination of the War, who shall be, and are hereby allowed. the Liberty and Benefit of returning 4© 5 A. C 15. Home navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided) it shall and may be lawful for any e, g'£

Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or vessel, or Privateer, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or zfz' Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belcng 8 C «. 1. C 14. ing, or his Majesty's natural or naturalised Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or J Ge 7 2 mariners do not exceed three fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such g. ITC. 7 Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer; and that one fourth at least of the & 16. Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives or his Majesty's naturalised Subjects of g' CC Great Britain (sudden Death, and a Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and ex, one act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King merchantshios, Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,c'atda£ b. c. or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Foreigners, dull.

And for the better encouraging of foreign Mariners and Seamen to come and serve on Board ring the War. Ships belonging to this Kingdom of Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Foreign Mariner or Seaman who shall, from and after the first Day of Foreign Seamen nuary one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, have faithfully served during the Time of War m^ns'wa^or on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Merchant or other Trading Ship or Ships, merchant ships, Vessel or vessels, or Privateers fwhich at the Time of such Service shall belong to any of his Ma", ", dur'i'i; jesty's Subjects of Great Britain) for the Space of two Years, shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemeit natural deemed and taken to be a natural born Subject of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and born Subjects, have and enjoy all the Privileges, Powers, Rights and Capacities, which such foreign Mariner or Seaman could, should or ought to have had and enjoyed, in case he had been a natural born Subject

of his Majesty, and udlually a Native within the kingdom of Great Britain.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person who shall be naturalised by virtue of this Act, shall thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to take any Office or Place of Trull, either civil or military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself, or any o; her Person or Persons in Tiuil for him; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma The same may jesty, his Heirs and successors, at all Times whet it shall b. c. found necessary to declare War against any pfumrewar

foreign Power, to publish a Royal Proclama ion, if he or they shall judge it requisite, to permit all Mer any uture ar'

chant Ships, and other Trading vessels, and Privateers, to be manned with foreign Mariners and Seamen during Arch War, in the Manner as Ivy this Act is provided; and that upon the publishing of such Proclamation, this Act and every pi.ing therein contained shall be deemed to be in full Force and Virtue, and have Continuance for and during the Time of any such War, and no longer, except in Cm respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Traci, ng Ships orveiies, and Privateers, which shall be on, ff}f % 'rd'er their Voyage before the Determination of such War, who ilia ] be and are hereby allowej the Liberty Chapter 17. and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein before is provided. Ard hkm ije

a u 0 1 14 cjco* 2. C

17 Geox 2. C 34. is Geo. 2. c. 3r. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3$. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47, 31 go. 2. C 10.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement ot Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects in America hath for many Years been greatly annoyed by the Spaniards, their undoubted Right to navigate in those Seas, without any letlation, hath been unjullly interrupted, on Pretences altogether groundless and unwarrantable, di and jccjogc.

C C C 2 4 vers - C s4

380 C 4. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

vers Ships and Vessels belonging to British Subjects have been seized and confiscated, the Sailors have been injuriously imprisoned, and barbaruully treated, and the British Colours have been insulted in

the raoft ignominious Manner: And whereas his Mai eft y hath been obliged to declare War against the King of Spain, his Yaffils and Subjects, to revenge the Injuries, and obtain ample Satisfaction for the

Wrongs done to his Subjects Now for the better carrying on the said War with Vigour, and for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Mark, and for inducing all British Seamen, who may be in any foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty, and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to America, and elsewhere, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par

pen^m rene" l'arnen£ assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag officers, Commanders and other imtsomierspto Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay have the sole shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandise,

pr£esrthe°fcake which they shall take after the fourth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun inetnope^fter* dred and thirty-nine, in Europe; and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one 4jan.1730. and thousand seven hundred and forty, in any other Part of the World (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Plantations in America, or efe where) World, alter to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall

June 1740. think fit to order and direcf, by Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose.

L ord High Ad

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great inirvl, C to Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the fionpto Comp time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons in any Part of Ameri, ar or else manders of Pri where, by him or them empowered or appointed, shall, from and after the fourth Day of January one vateers. thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, at the Request of any British Owner or Owners of any Ship or

Vessel, giving such Bail and Security as have been usually taken upon granting Commissions, or Letters of Mark (except only for the Payment of the Tenths of the Value of Prizes which shall be taken, to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being) cause to be issued forth in the usual Manner, one or more Commission gt Commissions, to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or

in case of Death successively Commanders, of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War or Merchandizes, belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle or Apparel, so to be taken by or with such private Owner or Owners, Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission and Commissions, being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid, shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons which shall be on Board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions, as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattles of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be thus entitled thereto, by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, vice-admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize, Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes, and the Persons claiming under him or them, hall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned; any Custom, Statute or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

How the Prizes

III. And for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation, or other Determination of any Prize, Ship shall be tried, or Vessel, Goods or Merchandizes, taken as aforesaid, and for lessening of the Expenses that have been tsn<t°n emna' usual in the like Cases, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, or other Person or Persons thereto authorised, shall, within the Space of five Days after Request to him or them for that Purpose made, finish the usual preparatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such Cases, in order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to inquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not, and that the proper Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the same, and shall be executed in the usual Manner by the Person or Persons proper to execute the same, within the Space of three Days after Request in that Behalf made; and in case no Claim of such Capture, Ship, Vessel or Goods, shall be duly entered or made in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving twenty Days Notice after the Execution of such Monition; or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within five Days give sufficient Security (to be approved by such Court of Admiralty) to pay double Costs to the Captor or cap tors of such Ship, Vessel or Goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful Prize, that then the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon produci 'g to him or them the said Examinations or Copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them upon Oath all Papers and Writings which shall have been found taken in or with such Capture, or upon Oath made that no such Papers were found, immediately and without further Delay, proceed to Sentence, either to discharge and acquit such Capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful Prize, according as the Case shall appear to him or them, upon Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and also of the Writings found taken in

4. or

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II.

C 4. 381

jr with such Capture, if any such Writing shall be found; and in case such Claim shall be duly entered or jmade, and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there hall appear no Occasion to examine any Witnesses, other than what shall be then near to such Court of Admiralty, that then such Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Witnesses to be examined, and, within the Space of ten Days after such Claim made and Security given, proceed to such Sentence as aforesaid, touching such Capture; but in case upon making or entering such Claim and the Allegation and 3ath thereupon, or the producing such Writings as shall have been found taken in or with such cap ure, or upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the Judge or Judges of such Sourt of Admiralty, whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not; and it shall appear necessary according to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have an examina ion of Witnesses that are remote from such Court of Admiralty, and such Examination shall be desired,

that it be (fill infilled on Behalf of the Captors that the said Capture is lawful Prize, and that the ontrary be (fill peffifled in on the Claimants Behalf; that then the said Judge or Judges shall forthwith ause such Capture to be appraised by Persons named on the Part of the Captor, and sworn truly to ippraife the same according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge; for which Purpose the said Judge; r Judges shall cause the Goods found on Board to be unladen, and put into proper Warehouses, with eparate Locks of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, ft the naval Officer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants at the Charge rf the Party or Parties desiring the same, and shall after such Appraisement made, and within the Space if Fourteen Days after the making of such Claim, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Jlaimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in calc the same Farther D: mshall be adjudged lawful Prize; and after such Security duly given, the said Judge or Judges shall i cco"'" nake an interlocutory Order, for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his ^6.

r there Agents, and the same shall be actually released or delivered accordingly.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimant or Claimants shall re use to give such Security, the Judge or Judges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner to give ood and sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Claimant or Claimants, to pay the said claim nt or Claimants the full Value thereof according to the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize; and the said Judge or Judges shall thereupon proceed to nake an interlocutory Order, for the releasing and delivering of the same to the said Captor or Captors,

r their Agents.

V. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall without breaking lulk stay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the lustoms, or where there is no Comptroller, of the naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same aall be brought; and all the Captors thereof, and their Agents, until either the same shall by final Scn; nce have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize; or that such aterlocutory Orders, as aforesaid, shall have been made for the releasing or delivering of the same; and pon the Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall in case the same were taken by ny such private Ship or Ships commissioned as aforesaid, be immediately delivered unto the captor's hereof, and their Agents, to be by them disposed of as their Goods and Chattles; and in case the same vere taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, unto such Person or Persons, and to be so divided nd disposed of, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall by Proclamation for that Purpose order nd direct.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other Penalty on Ifficer or Officers, in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, to whom respectively it Jr

hall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the several Pro eedings, Matters, or Things for, towards, or relating to condemning or discharging, releasing or de vering of any such Capture, in Manner aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited, r as (oon as the same or any of them ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of his Ad, all and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall for every Inch.

)ffence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs ami uccessors, the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall in iprm or sue for the same, in any of the Courts in or for any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within his Kingdom of Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or wh. u ffi., 11 b

mong all the Judges and Officers of such Court of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations Or paid in the Dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as afore j

fid, as lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Prize Ship or Vessel be under the fovtryim; ami lurthen of one hundred Tonnes;, nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the same be of that ny greater Burden; and that upon Payment of either of the said respective Sums, as the Case shall (uire, to the said Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fit, among tyre Officers of such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them,

hall be liable to all and every the several Penalties hereby imposed, for neglecting or delaying to do and erform their several and respective Duties or Offices in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid the respective Times herein for that Purpose limited.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ap^est tocriri' ny Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Jourtof Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions abroad, it shall and may be lawful

or condemning re Prizes.

T frit frs hlc Value for all Hoods embroiled on Board any Prizes,

A genrs for Sale of Prizes Iiow to be appointed.

Public Notice to be given by the Agents, of the Day appointed to pay the Captors Shares.

Shares not demanded in 3 Years, to go to Greenwich hof pital.

proyifo.

Charters, C to be granted to Adventurers.

0*4-. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

full for the Tarty or Parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the said Court of Admiralty to the of appointed Or to be appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining Appeals in Causes of Prizes; such Appeal to be allowed in the like Manner as Appeals to such Commissioners are now allowed from the Court of Admiralty 'within this Kingdom; so as the same be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and a good Security be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and answer the Condemnation, as also pay Treble Costs, as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence of such Court of Admiralty be affirmed; anything in this A before to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, That the Execution of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid shall not be suspended be reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be approved cf by the Court in which, such Sentence shall be given, to restore the Ship, Veiled, Goods, or Effects, concerning which such Sentence shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the senter.ce so appealed from shall be reversed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Commanders, Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, shall break Buik on Board, or embezi! any of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel of or belonging to such Prize or Prizes so taken, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier, or others, shall forfeit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture, or Appatel, as he or they shall embezil; one third Part thereof to be to the Use of Greenwich Hofbita!, and the other two third Parts thereof to hint or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in 'Great Britain, in which no eltoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as shall be taken, by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, shall be made by Agents, or Persons nominated and appointed in equal Numbers by the Commander, Officer, or ship's Company, and others entitled thereunto (that is to say) That if the Commander or Commanders of such Ship or Ships, as shall take any such Prize or Prizes, shall nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, to sell or appraise the same as aforesaid, then the Officers entitled thereunto, or the Majority of them, shall nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to aift for them, and the ship's Company and others, or the major Part of them, shall also nominate and appoint the same Number of Persons or Agents to acb on their Behalf in such Appraisement or Sale; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to alter or make void any Agreement or Agreements made or to be made in Writing between the Owners, of iicers, and Seamen of any private Ships or Vessels of War.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Sale or Saks of such Prize or Prizes, as shall be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors aforesaid; which public Notification if any Mens Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, and shall not be legally demanded thin three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hrnds shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospitd.

XII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from I eing fiib je<5b to inch Restridfit 11s and Regulations, to which the same noware or shall hereafter be liable by vir ture of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XIII. And for the encouraging his Majesty's Subjects to engage in joint and united as well as fepaiate Expenses, Expeditions and Adventures, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his i; a jesty be, and he, and his Heirs and Successors are hereby empowered, from time to time during the Continuance of the present or any future War, to grant or make any Charter, Commission, or Grant, Charters, Commissions, or Grants, for the better or more effectual enabling any Society or Societies, or particular Persons, to join in any Expeditions or Adventures by Sea or Land, and to fail to and in any of the Seas in America, for the attacking, surprising, taking, or destroying any Ships, Goods, Movables and Immoveables, Settlements, Factories, Creeks, Harbours, Places of Strength, Lands, Sorts, 'Castles, and Fortifications, now belonging, or hereafter to belong to, or to be possessed by any Enemy of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Part or Paris of America, and for the better making and carrying on any Preparations for such Purpose and Purposes, and for the making rnd alluring to the Societies and Persons which may be concerned, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Adminifltarers and! Assigns, full and undoubted Properties, Rights and Titles, of, in, and to, and the full Enjoyment ot all and every the Ships, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Chattels, Movables and Immoveables, i Settlements, Factories, Places of Strength or Security, Lands, Sorts, Castles or Fortifications, now. belonging to, or possessed by, or hereafter to belong to, or to be possessed by any Enemy of Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any of the Parts of America, which such Society or Persons shall take, orj cause to be taken from any such Enemy, together with all the Proceed, Profits and Advantages, which may accrue of or by same, or any of them, with and under such Regulations, and in such Manner andi Form as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall think fit; and at any time and tims afterwards, by any further Grants or Charters, to confirm, corroborate, and further allure the Premilles, and every or any of them, to the said Societies or Persons concerned, their and every of their Heirs, Successors,

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. C. 4. 383

Executors, Administrators or Assigns, jo as to enable them, and every of them, to have, hold and enjoy the full Benefit thereof according to the true Intent and Meaning of this act; any Law, Statute,

Provision, or Declaration to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing shall be contained in any Charter, Commission, or Grant, Proviso made in pursuance of this Adito exclude or restrain any of his Majesty's Subjects from having a full row 0' and free 'Irade to and in any Part, of America.

XV. And as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others on board his Majesty's Ships of War, as also.of Privateers, to attack, take and destroy any Ships of Force belonging to the Enemy; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Trea county mcney hirer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid P according to the Course thereof without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Sold ers moving ihcc

1 or others, that shall have been actually on board such of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or Priva Enemies Ships, tecr or Privateers, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers, shall have been taken from tyre Enemy, sunk, burnt, or otherwise ddtroyed, five Pounds for every Man which was living on board any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise dellroyed, at the Beginning of the "Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the Chief Officers, or Men, which were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers of the Enemy, at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, before the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate of the Port, whereunto any Prize, or Officers, or Men of such Ships, as were sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; which Oaths the said Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, is hereby impowered and required to administer, and shall forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, without Fee or Reward, directed to the Commissioners of the Navy; upon producing which Certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with an authentic Copy of the Condemnation of such Ship so taken, or if such Ship be sunk, burnt or otherwise ddtroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpos;, (bail, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on board his Majesty's Ships of War, in Manner, Form and Proportion, as by his Majesty's Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose shall be directed and appointed; and amongst the Owners, Officers and Seamen of any private vessel, or Ship of War, in such Manner and Proportion, as by any Agreement in Writing the y shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for Captors to p the Bounty hereby granted to the innianders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of poln.c Aeims to his Majesty's Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying any Ships of War, or bounty money. Privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons

as shall be authorised and appointed by the Commander, and by the Majority of the Officers, and the major Part of such ship's Company, and others, as shall have taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise de ftfoyed the same, to te distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so authorised and appointed, amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form and Proportion as aforesaid; several Shares of which Captors if not legally demanded within three Years alter public Notification, shall be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers, for taking, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportion as shall have been agreed by them as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing CG, jot

he eiu contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige or authorise any Judge of any of to be adjudged his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in the Plantations or Colonies in America, or elsewhere out of Great in the American Britain, to adjudge or determine concerning the Validity of the Capture of any Ship or Ships, whether Ad"

Men of War or Merchant Ships, commonly called Flota Ships or Galleons, or any Ship having a Re1

gifter, bound from Buenos Airs, or Honduras, or any Goods on board any such Ship; but that all such Ships called Flota Skips or Galleons, and every Ship having a Register, bound from Buenos Airs, or lion,

which shall be taken by any Ship or Ships, shall with their Cargoes be tried and adjudged in his aws&tly maj.liy's High Court of Admiralty; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise not with ijbco.i.r. 31, handing. §5-

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, 7'liat if any Ship, vessel or Boat taken as Prize, or Goods of eri any Gords therein, shall appear and be proved in the Court of Admiralty to be belonging to any of 'j'jj Su

his majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining Enf, ", r°hc\v to and continuing under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience, which were before taken or surprised by be disposed of any of his Majesty's Enemies, and afterwards again surprised and retaken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any private Man of Wav, or other Ship, vessel or Boar, under his Majesty's Protection or Obedience; that then such Shins, Vessels, Boats and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects, shall be adjudged to be restored, and shall be. by d.cree of the said Court of Admiralty accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of Salvage, if taken by one of his Majesty's Ships of War, an eighth Part of the true Value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods respectively so to be restored;

384 C 57. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

which Salvage ili.il] be answered ami paid to the Captains, Officers and Seamen in the said Man of War, to be divided in such Manner as before in this Act is directed touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any of Ills majesty's Ships of War: And if taken by a Privateer or other Ship, vessel or Boat, after having been in the Possession of the Enemy twenty-four Hours, an eighth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vdlels, Boats and Goods; and if above twenty-four Hours, and under forty-eight Hours, a fifth Part thereof; and if above forty-eight Hours, and under ninety LIX Hours, a third Part thereof; and if above ninety six Hours, a Moiety thereof: All which Payments to be made to any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be without any Deductions: And if such Ship so retaken shall appear to have been, after the taking by the Enemy, by them set forth as a Man of War, the former Owners and Proprietors to whom the same shall be restored, shall be adjudged to pay, and shall pay for Salvage, the full Moiety of the true Value of the said tffiip so taken and restored, without Deduction as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. s 'v't'fken'b

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandizes, 'alanion!11 shall be taken by any Privateer through Consent or dandellinely, or by Collusion or Conniiance, such Ship and Vessel, and such Goods and Merchandizes, and also the ship's Tackle, Apparel, Furniture and Ammunition of such Privateer, shall, upon Proof thereof to be made in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in the Cou t of Admiralty, be declared and judged to be good Prize to his Majesty; one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same; and the Bond given by the Captain of such Privateer, shall be and is hereby adjudged to be forfeited to his Majesty: And in case any such Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandizes as aforesaid shall be taken by any Man of War through Consent, clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of the Commander or Captain, such Commander or Captain shall forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of Iris majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law', or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Captain or Officer shall forfeit his Command and Employment, and shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of any Office or Employment under his Majesty during the Space of seven Years; and the said Goods and Merchandizes, and the Ship, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns and Ammunition, so taken by Collusion, shall be and is hereby adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty.

No Privateer,

XX. And whereas good and necessary Laws have been made, and are still in Force, within several in Ameii of ]hs majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the preventing the carrying off from the said boardany^ser Colonies or Plantations any Servant or Slave without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying off vant, without 6 from thence any other Person or Persons whatsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his tick t Consent of the« from the secretary's Office within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penal ies and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided; 'Be it But in ill Cases therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Laws of th Merchant Ships having Letters of Mark, shall upon their going into any of these Ports or Harbours, Country. be subject and they are hereby determined to be subject to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties c'.ncamsg Sa anc] Forfeitures in and by such Laws made and provided; anything in this Act contained to the con 'ta the' trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. V

An Act for making more effectual Three several Acts of Parliament, One of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, For repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick; and the third made in the tenth Year of his piefent majesty's Reign, for making more effectual the said two former Acts.

PR.

The Tolls are further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Lav, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose. Persons taking the Oaths 1 Geo. 1. c. 13. by 8 Nov. 1740. and receiving the Sacrament, indemnified, and incapacitated, and their Acts valid. But Persons not hereby restored to Places already avoided or filled up.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for naturalising such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Increase of People is a Means of advancing the Wealth and Strength of any Nation or Country: And whereas many Foreigners and Strangers from the Lenity of our Government, the Purity of our Religion, the Benefit of our Laws, the Advantages of our Trade, and the Security of our Property, might be induced to come and settle in some of his Majesty's Colonies in America, if they were made Partakers of the Advantages and Privileges which the natural born Subjects

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 7. 3bj

of this Realm do enjoy Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of F; r. IV June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, all Persons born out of the Ligc' °kr'7'v'nv/i'n ance of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who hae inhabited and resided, or shall inhabit or reside, any of ourco for the Space of seven Years or more, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, and shall not have Jj* been absent out of some of the said Colonies for a longer Space than two Months at any one Time du tive$/on taitin? ring the said seven Years, and shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the the Oaths, uc. Declaration appointed by an Act madein the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's ter sin and Government, and the Sueccfi fion of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguiflnug the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, his open and secret Abettors, or, being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, and take and affirm the Effect of the Abjuration Oath, appointed and prescribed by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation or Declara Siuntin to fuh /ion, as may remove the Difficulties which many oj them He under and also make and subscribe the Proses pi

fion of his Christian Belief, appointed and prescribed by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of ddity^&c.*their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects from the Penalties of certain Laws, before the Chief Judge, or other Judge of the Colony wherein such Persons respectively have so inhabited and resided, or shall so inhabit and reside, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, his Majesty's natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if they, and every of them, had been or were born within this Kingdom; which said Oath or Affirmation and Subscription of the said Declarations respectively the Chief Judge or other Judge of every of the said respective Colonies is hereby enabled and empowered to administer and take; and the taking and subscribing of every such Oaths or Affirmation, and the making, repeating, and subscribing of every such Declaration, shall be before such Chief Judge or other Judge, in open Court, between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon; and shall be entered in Entries to be the same Court, and also in the secretary's Office of the Colony wherein such Person shall so inhabit made in Eo > and reside: And every Chief Judge or other Judges of every respective Colony, before whom such to up^f0r oaths or Affirmation shall be taken and every such Delaration shall be made, repeated, and subscribed tiona np "e" as aforesaid, is hereby required to make a due and proper Entry thereof in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the said Court; for the doing whereof two Shilings and no more shall be paid at each respect!ndno more tive Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of ten Pounds of lawful Adoney of Great Britain for every for each Entry, Neglect or Omission: in like Manner every Secretary of the Colony wherein any Person shall soon 10 ' penal take the said Oaths or Affirmation, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declarations respectively, ty' as aforesaid, is hereby required to make a due and proper Entry thereof in a Book to be kept for The same pe that Purpose in his Office, upon Notification thereof to him by the Chief Judge or other Judge of tar/snegic«in"s the same Colony, under the like Penalty and Forfeiture for every such Neglect or Omission" "

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, of what Quality, Each qualified Condition, or Place soever, other than and except such of the People called Quakers as shall qualify Person to re themselves and be naturalised by the Ways and Means herein before mentioned, 'or such who profess cem the sa the Jewish Religion, shall be naturalised by virtue of this Act, unless such Person shall have received the cep Sacrament of the lord's Supper in some Protestant and Reformed Congregation within this Kingdom and fi of Great Britain, or within some of the said Colonies in America, within three Months next before his 20 geo' e' 44 taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the said Declaration; and shall, at the Time of his taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and making, repeating, and subscrib ing the said Declaration, produce a Certificate ligned by the Person administering the said Sacrament, and attested by two credible Witnesses, whereof an Entry shall be made in the secretary's Office of the Colony, wherein such Person shall so inhabit and reside, as also in the Court where the said Oaths shall be so taken as aforesaid, without any Fee or Reward.

III. And whereas the following Words are contained in the latter Part of the Oath of Abjuration,

Videlicet, (upon the true Faith of a Christian) And whereas the People professing the jewish Religion may thereby be prevented from receiving the Benefit of this Act; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Person professing the Jewifto Religion shall present himself to take the said Oath of Abjuration in pursuance of this act, the said Words (upon the true Faith of a Christian) shall be omitted out of the said Oath in administering the same to such Person, and the taking and subscribing the said Oath by such Person professing the Jewish Religion, without the Words aforesaid, and the other Oaths appointed by the said Act in like Manner as Jews were permitted to take the Oath cks, may of Abjuration, by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the omit some First, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An E

Aift to oblige all Persons, being Papists, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all Persons in prc 1 Great Britain, refilling or neglecting to take the Oaths appointed for the Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, by several Acts herein mentioned, to register their Names and real Estates; sir enlarging the Time for taking the said Oaths, and making such regi/lers, and for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds or wills made by Papists, which have been omitted to be enrolled purjiiant to an Act of the third Year of his Majesty's Reign; and also for giving Relief to Protestant lejj ees, shall be deemed a sufficient taking of the said Oaths, in order to entitle such Person to the Benefit of being naturalised by virtue of this Act,

Vol. VI

3^6 C 8. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

Certificates

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Testimonial or Certificate under the Colony of Reseal f any of the said Colonies, of any Persons having resided and inhabited for the Space of seven fidence, taking Years or more as aforesaid within the said Colonies or fonre of them, to be specified in such Certificate, tov^ifowed' t0sei: her with the particular Time of Residence in each of such respective Colonies (whereof the Colony prope^evidence under the Seal of which such Certificate shall be given to be One) and of his having taken and fub in all the Courts lcribed the said Oaths, and of his having made, repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, and in case ^d'lrehnd*13*11 a aer h"ls having made and subscribed the Declaration of Fidelity, and of his having taken and This ctufe is affirmed the Effect of the Abjuration Oath as aforesaid, and in the Case of a Person professing the jewish extended by Religion, of his having taken the Oath of Abjuration as aforesaid, within the same Colony, under the 20 Geo. 2. C 44. Seal whereof such Certificate shall be given as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Testimony and Proof thereof, and of his being a natural born Subject of Great Britain, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and as such shall be allowed in every Court within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and also in the said Colonies in America. tiecretiry of the V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Secretary of the said respective overw thefcnd Colonies for the time being, shall and is hereby directed and required at the End of every Year, to be Commissioners computed from the said First Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and of Trade Lists forty, to transmit and send over to the Office of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations kept in reeiftred> J the City of London or jfejhninfier, a true and perfect List of the Names of all and every Person and Per england; sans who have in that Year entitled themselves to the Benefit of this Act, under the Penalty and forfei p ture of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Neglect or million: AH which said

501.8na y Lists so transmitted and sent over, shall from Year to Year be duly and regularly entered by the said Commissioners, in a Book or Books to be had and kept for that Purpose in the said Office, for public View and Inspection as Occasion shall require.

[Proviso.]

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person who shall become a natural

Extended to born Subject of this Kingdom by virtue of this Act, shall be of the Privy Council, or a Member of

fratvum" either House of Parliament, or capable of taking, having or enjoying any Office or Place of Trust with

jocc. 144. in the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either Civil or Military, or of having, accepting or taking See farther any Grant from the Crown to himself, or to any other in Trust for him, of any Lands, Tenements or (.45. Hereditaments within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland 5 anything herein before contained to esf zagco.z. c. 5. the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

enabling his Majesty to grant Comnnjfom to a certain Number of foreign Protefants to at in America.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to explain and amend an act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act.All for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather.

Preamble, rec 1(1 WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, 7 aimeintituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the

C its!'*' working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iron manuja£iure$ of this Kingdosn; it is, amongst

other Things, enacted, That if any Person or Persons employed in working up of Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, should embezil or purloin any Welts, Thrums, or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of Wool, Hemp, Flax, Cotton or Iron, with which he, she or they was, were or should be entrusted to work upon, or should reel short or false Yarn, and should be there of convicted in such Manner as in and by the said Act is prescribed, should forfeit double the Value of the Damages done, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; in case the Offender or offenders to be convicted as in the said Act is mentioned, should neglect or refuse to pay their Forfeiture or Forfeitures, that then it should and might be lawful to and for one Justice of the Peace of the County where such Offence shall be committed, to cause the said Offender to be committed to the House of Correction, until Satisfaction should be made; and in case it should appear to the said Justice, that the said Offender was not able to make Satisfaction, then the said Offender is to be there publicly whip ped, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days: And by the said Act it is further enacted, That every Person buying or receiving any Wests, Thrums, or Ends of Yam, or any other Materials of Wool, Hemp, Flax, Cotton or Iron, and being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, shall suffer the like Penalties and Forfeitures as one convicted pursuant to the said Act for purloining and embeziling of the said Materials; which said Act was made temporary only j but being by Experience found to be beneficial, was, by another Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her laid late Majesty, made perpetual: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the before mentioned Clauses in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty extend to the embeziling Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton and Iron Manufactures, actually wrought or made up into merchantable Wares, and whether the said Forfeiture of double the Value of the Damages done, when recovered, should be applied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Persons injured shall respectively live, or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which the e Offence has been or shall be committed: And whereas the Forfeitures and Penalties to which Offenders are subjected by the recited Act, have proved ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended Now to explain and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to tyre Matters aforesaid, be it enacted

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 8. 387

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons who shall be hired or employed in the working up of any Woollen,

Linen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, shall, after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty, purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise illegally dispose of any the Materials with which he, she or they shall be respectively intruded to work up such Woollen,

Linen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, whether the lame or any Part thereof be or be not

fird wrought, made up or manufactured, or shall reel shortor false Yarn, the Person or Persons so

offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner and Form as is prescribed by the said recited Act for the Conviction of Persons who shall embezil or purloin any of the Materials therein mentioned, he, (he Manufeaurcrj

or they shall severally forfeit double the Value of the Damages, which the Owner or Owners of such °<'wool en»

Materials, whether the same or any Part thereof be or be not manufactured, diall respectively fudain fnc? Materials,

thereby, together with such Cods of Prosecution for every such Offence as shall be adjudged reasonable tobforfeic dou

by the Justice of the Peace, before whom such Offender or Offenders respectively diall be convicted; ble Value;

and in case immediate Payment of the respective Forfeitures, together with such Cods of Prosecution

as aforesaid, shall be neglected or refused to be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the same Judke of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, to cause the said Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, to be there whipped, and kept to hard Labour

for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days; and in case of a further Conviction for or on a Second or or befentto

other subsequent Offence of any Person for embeziling or purloining any of the Materials in the said correction and

Act mentioned, either before the same or any Part thereof shall be wrought, made up or converted into whipp'd.

merchantable Wares, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every Second or other subsequent For a fecon<)

Offence, being thereof convicted in Manner as is mentioned in the said recited act, forfeit four Times or other fumre

the Value of the Damages, which the Owner or Owners of such Materials, whether the same be or be to.for"

not wrought, made up or manufactured respectively, shall sustain thereby, together with such Costs of [e value U

Prosecution as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be thereof respectively convicted; and in case immediate Payment of the respective Forfeitures, together

with such Costs of Prosecution as aforesaid, shall be neglected or refused to be made, that then such

Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place,

where such Offences diall be committed, shall cause the said Offenders respectively to be committed to orfenttotiie

(he House of Correction, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor Houfo of Cor

Jless than one Month, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable; also during the Time of such Of rection,

sender or Offenders respective Commitment or Commitments, shall cause the said Offender or Offenders

to be publicly whipped in the Market Town where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively and publickly

committed, at the marketplace or Cross of such Town once or oftener as to such Justice shall seem rea whipp'd.

Tollable.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who from and Receivers fub after the first Day of Assay one thousand seven hundred and forty, shall buy or receive, accept or take, by j<=£tto the _ way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge or Sale, of or from any or either of the Persons herein or in the said recited same Penalties. act mentioned, any Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton or Iron Manufactures, either before or after the same shall be wrought, made up, manufactured or converted into merchantable Wares, knowing the same to be so purloined or embeziled, and being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner before mentioned, lie, die and they shall severally fuller, and are hereby subjected to the like Forfeitures and Penalties respectively, as are by this or the said recited act, inflicted on Persons purloining or embeziling such of he Materials, or Manufactures enumerated or mentioned in the said before recited Act, or herein be ore in this present act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Forfeitures mentioned and incurred by Forfeitures, the said recited Act, and also the Forfeitures created or given by this present act, shall, from and after pcil?m* he said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred anti forty, when recovered, be applied in Manner and half to"'following (that is to say) one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Party or Parties injured, and the other the Poor of ths Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish only where the Offence shall be committed, with Paririu

the like Liberty and Benefit of appealing to all Parties, as is given in and by the said recited act of the first Year of her said late Majesty.

IV. And whereas many Frauds and Abuses have of late been likewise committed by Persons employ ' ed, in cutting out and manufacturing of Skins, Leather and other Materials into Gloves, Breeches, Boots, Shoes, Slippers and other Wares and Manufactures, by purloining, embeziling, lecreiing, selling, pawning or exchanging such Skins, Leather and other Materials, or in some other Manner,

wherefore it is become necessary, to make Provision for discovering, preventing and punishing such Offences and for the better regulating such Persons as are or shall be employed in the Premises last mentioned, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said first Day of Workers in May one thousand seven hundred and forty, any Person or Persons hired or employed, or to be hired or Leather to pay employed, in cutting, paring, waffling, dressing, sewing, making up, or otherwise manufacturing of^of Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Skins, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares or other Goods or Materials to be imbezhment j'(made use of in any of the Trades or Employments, or in Manner last mentioned, or in any Branch or Particular thereof, shall fraudulently purloin, embezil, secrete, fell, pawn or exchange, all or any Part of he Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Skins, Parings or Shreads of Gloves or Leather, or other Materials with which he, she or they shall be intruded to work up or manufacture, or shall purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn or exchange any Gloves, Breeches, Boots, Shoes, Slippers or Wares, when made, wrought up or manufactured, or do or wilfully permit any other act, whereby to lessen the value of such or any

D d d 2 Part

388 C 8.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740

one half to the Sufferer, the other to the Poor of the Parish 5

or sent to the House of correction for a f ortnight, and there whipp'd j and for any

or sent to the House of correction not

Part of such Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Skins, Parings or Shreads of Gloves or Leather, Boots, Shoes. Slippers or other Wares lad particularised, either before or after the same shall be respectively so made into Wares, and be thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath or Affirmation of the Master or Owner of such Goods or Warcs, or any other credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with the Fact, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Party or Parties so charged shall reside or inhabit (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer and take) such Justice or Justices shall and may award the Person or Persons so offending, to make a reasonable and suitable Recompense and Satisfaction for every Offence, to the Parties respectively injured, for the Damage by them sustained, so as the same do not exceed double the Value of the Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares, Goods or Materials, by such Offender or Offenders so purloined or embeziled, secreted, sold, pawned or exchanged; 'one Half thereof to go to the Party or Parties grieved, and the other Half thereof to go and be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, together with the full Charges attending such Conviction, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendering the Overplus to hi levied on upon Demand to the Owner; but if such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods sufficient to an goodi ers fwer for levying the Forfeitures and the Expenses and Charges attending the Premises, and shall also neglect or refuse immediately to pay the same, that then the said Offender and Offenders shall, by like Warrant of such Justice or Justices last described, be, for every distinct Offence, committed to the House of Correction, or other public Prison of such County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and there kept to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, and shall be there likewise whipped in such Manner as the said Justice or Justices shall order and direct; in case also of a subsequent Conviction for or ( m of on a second or any other suchlike Offence, the Person or Persons so offending for every second or other fenc^to forfeit subsequent Offence, being thereof convicted in manner before mentioned, shall forfeit four Times the four Times the Value of the Damages which the Owner or Owners of such Materials, either before or after the same Value, shall be respectively made up into Wares, shall sustain thereby, together with such Costs of Prosecution

as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be thereof respectively convicted; in case immediate Payment of the respective Forfeitures, together with such Costs of Prosecution as aforesaid, shall be neglected or refuted to be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to commit the Offender or Offenders last described to the House of cor monthsotleft6 rein, or other public Prison, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three than one; ° Months, nor less than one Month, as to such Justice shall seem reasonable; also during the Time and be public of such Offender or Offenders respective Commitment or Commitments, shall cause the said Offendei > w ipp, or Offencjers to be publicly whipped in the Market Town where such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively committed, at the Marketplace or Cross of such Town, once or oftener as to such Justice shall seem reasonable.

Receivers fub V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons who shall jea to the same knowingly or willingly, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty.

buy or receive, accept or take, by way of Pawn, Pledge or Sale, or in any other Manner, of or from any or either of the Persons offending in either of the Particulars in this Act last mentioned, or of 01 from any other Person or Persons whatsoever (except of or from the Person or Persons in whom the Property of such Gloves, Breeches, Leather, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares, Goods or other Materials shall be at the Time of such Sale, Pawn, or Exchange) or offer so to do, such Person or Persons offending therein respectively, shall, for every Offence, being convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid, make such suitable and reasonable Recompense and Satisfaction within two Days next after the Matter of Fact shall from time to time be determined by any one or more Justice or Justices as aforesaid, upon hearing the same (he and they being hereby in this Respect also empowered so to do) or else be subject to such Distress, and for want of sufficient Distress to be liable to the like Punishment as is hereby directed to bt inflicted on such Person or Persons as shall purloin, imbezil, secrete, fell, pawn or exchange any Gloves Breeches, Leather, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares, Goods or other Materials or Effects of that Sort as aforesaid, and foin like Manner for any second and every other subsequent Offence.

VI. And to prevent oppression of the Labourers and Workmen employed in any respect in or abou making or manufacturing of Gloves, Breeches, Boots, Shoes, Slippers, Wares or Goods of that Sor before mentioned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day o May one thousand seven hundred and forty, all Payments and Satisfaction hereafter to be made to am such Labourers, Manufacturers and Workmen, employed as aforesaid, for any Work by them done it and about such Manufactures, shall be in and of the lawful Coin of this Realm only, and not by an; Victuals, Goods or Commodities whatsoever, in lieu thereof (except at and by his and their Requel and Consent only); and all Goods and Materials delivered out to be wrought up in the Manufacture lal mentioned, shall be delivered with a Declaration at the same Time, of the true Weight, Quantity o Tale thereof, on Pain that every Offender in either of the said Cases shall forfeit and pay to such La bourer, Manufacturer or Worker, double the Value of what shall be due for such Work by him, hero them done and performed; and if any such Labourer, Manufacturer or Worker, as is last described found guilty of shall be guilty of any Fraud, Abuse, Neglect or Default in the Work by him, her or them undertaker. Neglect, C to be done, then such Labourer, Manufacturer or Worker shall allow and answer to the Owner of fuel Complaints to Work double the Damages thereby sustained.

be heard and

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wages, Demands, Frauds, Abuse

determined by Neglects and Defaults of Labourers, Manufacturers and Workmen in the Trades last above mention two justices. ° 8 et

Penalties.

Workmen to be paid their Wages in Money;

but '0 pay double Damages, if

389

A.D. 1740. Anno aecimo tertio Georgii II. c. g -- ir.

ed, for or concerning any Work clone in that Manufacture, shall and may be heard and determined by any two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, where the Matter in Controversy shall happen or arise, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath or Affirmation, concerning the same, which Oath or Affirmation the said Justices are to administer and take.

VIII. And for the better regulating the Journeymen and other Persons employed as Manufacturers or Journeymen Workers in the Trade or Business last above-mentioned; Be it further enacted by the Authority afore bufmeften said, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Tipie after the first Day of May one thou gauged in, land seven hundred and forty, be first retained or employed in the making up of any Gloves, Breeches,

Boots, Shoes, Slippers or other Wares as at oresaid, for any one Mailer, and shall neglect the Performance' thereof, either by procuring or permitting himself to be subsequently retained or employed by any other Master or Person whatsoever, before he or they shall have completed the Work or Service in or to do which he or they was or were first and originally so retained or employed, and shall be first delivered to him or them; then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, the °tr, eb^0ffj f? Person or Persons so convicted shall be sent to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour corresion°for for any Time not exceeding one Month. a Month.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or perl on ag Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Order of the said two Justices, grieved may it dial) and may be lawful for such Person and Persons to appeal from the Judgement, Order and Determi appeal to the nation of the said two Justices, to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter sessions of the sei 10ns'

Peace, to be held for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, where the Matter in

Dispute shall arise (giving eight Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons against whom giving eight such Appeal shall lie brought and prosecuted); and such Justices of the Peace, at their next General Days Notice. Quarter sessions, are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby empowered to administer and take) and to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and at such Quarter sessions shall award and order to the Party on whose Behalf such Appeal is determined, such reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by such Appellant, or by the Person or Persons appealed against, in Regard of such Appeal, as to the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall seem meet; but no Order made by the said Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall be appealed from, quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Person shall by virtue of the said Proviso.1 recited Act, or this Act, fuller the Punishments therein directed twice for one and the same and Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act passed in the first al 1 Anna, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (and made perpetual as aforesaid) and this presentand this Act, Ad, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures therein and herein contained, shall scotond. from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty, extend and be construed and adjudged to extend and be put in Force, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as full and

ample Manner as the before mentioned Acts are to be put in Force and executed in that Part of Great Britain called England; and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred by virtue of the before mentioned Acts, or either of them, shall be inflicted, levied and taken in the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures are in and by the before mentioned Acts, or either of them, directed, ordered and appointed; and if any Offence against this Act shall be committed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and determined by one or more tu ftice or Justices of the Peace, as herein before directed, no Warrant for poynding or distraining that shall be issued by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall be stopped, or sifted by any Suspension, Sift, or other Process whatsoever, except an Appeal entered to the Quarter sessions of the Sec fa there Peace, as herein before directed. il &«, 2. C 27;

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

PR.

CAP. X

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XL

An act for the more effectual improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called wilfick house in the Parish of Barmby Dun in the County of York, to Fishlock Ferry in the same County.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Preamble, re late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the River Dun in the West citing the Act

Riding ia Ge,c<

390 C II. Anno decimo tertio Georgii XL A.D. 1740.

Riding of the County of York navigable, from Holmstile in Doncaster up ta the utmost Extent of Tiniley jvejlward, a Township within two Miles of Sheffield, the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants and $ Commonalty of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamfsire, in the County of York, their Successors and Assigns, are nominated and appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, with Power to make the said 1 River navigable at their own Expense from Holmstile aforesaid, up the said River above Holmstile to the utmost Extent of Tinftcy Westward, and for making and erecting Wharves and Warehouses, Locks and: e)ams, and for making towing paths on the Banks of the said River for the haling of Vessels with Men or Elorfes, and for purchasing Lands for the Purposes aforesaid; also such Powers of taking Tonnage and Lock Dues, and other Sums of Money, as a Recompense for the Expense they shall 13 Oco. 1. C 20. ' be at in making the said River navigable, as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by another Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place called Holmstile in the Township g/'dcncaster, in the Ccun ty of York, to wilfick house, in the Parish of Barinby Dun, in the said County, the Mayor, Aldermen, ' and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster, in the said County of York, their Successors and Assigns, ' are nominated and appointed Undertakers of the said last mentioned Navigation, and they are thereby empowered by themselves, their Servants, Agents, Workmen and Assigns, at their own Expense, to make tyre same River passable with Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, at all Times in the Year, from a Place called jvilfick house to Holmstile aforesaid, and to scour and cleanse the said River, ' and to make Ways and Bridges, Locks, Cuts, Dams, and exercise all such other Powers and Authorities, as in and by the said last mentioned Act are given and granted to them; and also to make towing paths on the Banks of the said River for haling of Vessels with Men or Horses; also to purchase Lands for the Purposes aforesaid; also to take Tonnage, Lock Dues and other Sums of Money, as a Recompense for the Expenses they shall be at in making the said River navigable; C and to exercise such other Powers and Authorities as are mentioned in the said last mentioned Act: 6 Geo. 2. c. 9. C And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend two Acts of Parliament, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the thirteenth Year of his late majesty's re'gn, for making navigable the River Dun in the County of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation, ' and for uniting the several Proprietors thereof into one Company; reciting (amonft other Things) That for the better carrying on and completing of the said Navigation, it was found necessary that the

Undertakers of both the said Navigations should be united into one Company and Copartnership, and that all the Interest of the Undertakers of both the said Navigations should be divided into one hundred and fifty Shares, to be distributed unto and among the said two Corporations and others the Contributors to the said Undertakings, in Proportion to the several Sums of Money by them respectively advanced towards carrying on both the said Navigations: And it was by the said last mentioned act enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the two in Part recited acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of his late Majesty King George the First, should be vested in the said united Company, for the better carrying on, making, maintaining and perfecting of the said Navigation, as well above as below Holniftile, according to the Rules and Orders in the said Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty are expressed, and should for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of Toe Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun; and by the same Name should have perpetual Succefilon, and should have a Common Seal, and by that Name should and might sue and be sued, and also should have such Powers and Authorities, as the said two Corporations, or either of them, were by the said recited Acts of the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or either of them, invested with,

(except as in the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty is excepted :,) And whereas the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, have (in pursuance of the said in Part recited Acts, and inputting in Execution the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively granted and given) laid out and expended the Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds and upwards,

whereby they have made and perfected a good Navigation from the Town of Rotherham, upon the said River, to ivilfick hmfe, in the Parish of Barinby Dun, in the said County: And whereas the said River

Dm is already navigable and passable for Boats, Lighters and other Vessels, from jvilfick house aforesaid, to Fishlock Ferry in the said County of York, Part of the Year; but in Time of Neap Tides and dry Seasons Boats cannot pass on that Part of the said River, to the great Hindrance and Prejudice of Trade: And whereas the improving of the Navigation of the said River, and making the same na vigable at all Times and Seasons, will be very beneficial to Trade, and advantageous to the Poor, and ' a great Encouragement to the Manufactures of Iron, and convenient for the Carriage of Lead, Coals, C Lime, Stone, Timber and other heavy Goods, Wares and Merchandizes to and from the Towns,

and Parts adjacent or near to the said River, and also to and from Derbyshire, Chef sire, Lancafisire and other distant Counties, and to and from London, and several other Parts of this Kingdom, and will very much tend to the employing, and the Increase of Watermen and Seamen, and be a Means to pre serve the Highways, and promote the public Good of this Kingdom: 'Wherefore may it please f our most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, isc.

"Tyre Proprietors to make the River Dun navigable from jvilfici House to Fishhck Ferry in Com' York, "by cleaning Drains, istc. and cutting Trees, 'isfe. To satisfy all Damages.'Commissioners to deter "Differences betwixt Undertakers and Proprietors of Mills, is of If the Undertakers are dif "satisfied with Commissioners Determation, Sheriff or Coroners to impanel a Jury of Freeholders, on 4k Penalty of 50l. whose verdict shall be final. Records of verdicls and Proceedings of Commissioners S "and

D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 12-14. 39r

1 and Juries to be kept by the Town Clerk of Doncafer. On paying the Damages assessed, Undertakers! may pull down Mills, (etc. Undertakers may surveyor. giving Notice to the Owner of the Land,

Or. and paying Damage if exceeding 6d. No Person shall act as a Commissioner, unless he has a'

£ Freehold Estate, Or. of the yearly Value of 100 I. Damages unsettled by Agreement of Parties, or Verdict of Commissioners, maybe ascertained by a Jury. If Titles of Lands are in Dispute, Commissioners (on giving Notice) may proceed to Judgement. Satisfaction to be immediately paid after legal Determination. Dam above Bramwith upper Ford to be raised 20 Inches from low water Mark. Banks to defend low Grounds from Damages to be raised at the Charge of the Under takers. Undertakers shall make a Clough under the Cut of such Dimensions as R. Porting tonne, &c.

shall direct, and build a Bridge cross the Cut for Carts and Carriages; and make a Wall against the Orchards, OY. belonging to W. simp/on. Undertakers to build a Wood Bridge cross Stainforth Ford,

£ and maintain the same. Undertakers may make towing paths, ifc. but not on the South Side of the River. Undertakers may setup convenient Gates in the towing paths; and build Bridges over the new Cuts. Notice to be given 50 Days before Commissioners Meeting. The Undertakers shall have for every customary Tonne of Coals and Bark, Lime, Stone, Wood and Timber of English Growth, 2d. for all other Goods which shall be carried up or down the River, through the lower End of the Cut at Barmby Dun, and through the Lock at Banuzvith and Stainforth, d. for every customary Tonne which is declared to be z500 Weight. Goods of the neighbouring Growth, between Gooh and the lower End of Barmby Dun, exempted. Goods landed in the Neighbourhood to pay no

Duty; unless shipped again. Inhabitants of Doncaster, &c. to pay zd. per Tonne. Grain of any Kind carried down the River Dun to pay no Duty. A Bridge to be built at Stainforth. Boat master's Name to be wrote in large Letters on the out lide of the Craft, on the Penalty of os.

Boats to be measured and marked on the out side, on Penalty of 61. 'Commissioners to determine

Differences. Opening Locks, (sc. maliciously and mif spending the Water, to forfeit gl. River Dun deemed a navigable River, not subject to the Inspection of Commissioners of Sewers. No Ballad, (stc. to be thrown into the new Cut, on Penalty of 201. Ballad, Cfc. may be thrown on the

e Banks. Rights saved to the Mayor, cof York; and Commissioners of Sewers, of Com York, Lin ' coin and Nottingham. Land Owners may use Pleasure Boats, and fish and fowl, idc."

CAP. XII.

An Act for making a Chapel lately built by Robert Downs, Goldsmith, and others, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of the Curate or Minister of the said Chapel, pursuant to an Agreement for that purpose.

PR.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for providing a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary.

WHEREAS his Majesty hath received Proposals for a Marriage between his Daughter the Preamble, Princess Mary, and Prince Frederick of Hejfe, Son of Prince William, Landgrave of Hejfe, Brother to the King of Sweden; which his Majesty hath been graciously pleased favourably to accept and agree to the same, not doubting that this Alliance with so considerable a Protestant Family will be to the general Satisfaction of all his good Subjects: And his Majesty's faithful Commons thinking it highly just and reasonable, that his Majesty (hold be enabled to give such a Portion to his Daughter l' as may be suitable to the Honour and Dignity of his Crown and Family; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all or any of the 40, ocol. allow Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ed/or t, ie forty, there shall and may be issued, paid and applied the Sum of forty thousand Pounds, as a Mar mary s riage Portion to her Highness the said Princess Mary: And the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to direct the Payment of, and to issue the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, at such Times and in such Manner as his Majesty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for making more effectual two Acts of Parliament passed in the seventh and tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of Preamble, re her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of citm3the as Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland; certain Rates and Duties upon Coals, and other Goods Ltrnci.' n'

*nndw

392 C 15. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

and Merchandise, and upon Shipping, in the said Act particularly; mentioned, were charged and granted, to commence and take Effect from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine, and to continue for the Term of fourteen Years then next ensuing, and directed to be applied for making certain Moles and other Works for preserving and enlarging the said Harbour, and for deepening the same, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And it was thereby enacted, That from and after the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of fourteen Years, one third Part of the Rates and Duties thereby charged upon the Tonnage cf Ships and Vessels, and no more, should for ever continue and be paid for the perpetual repairing, cleansing and maintaining

jo Anna, hot the said Harbour; and whereas by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth Year of

printed.«the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, all the Rates and Duties granted by the said former

Act, for the said Term of fourteen 't ears, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine, were continued for the further Term of fourteen Years, from the Expiration of the said former Term.: And the Trustees in the said former Act named were by the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, authorised and empowered to borrow Mo 4 ney to finish and complete the Works necessary for the Preservation and Improvement of the said Har bour; and which Money, and the Interest thereof, were thereby directed to be paid off and discharged

in Order and Course, out of the temporary Duties granted and continued by the said Acts: And it

was by the said last mentioned Act enacted and declared, That from and after such Time as the said principal Sums and Interest should be paid off and discharged, and that the Justices of the Peace, at the general quarter sessions for the said County of Cumberland, shall adjudge that the Works of the said Harbour were sufficiently repaired and secured, the temporary Duties thereby granted should cease and determine, and such Duties only should be paid from thenceforward as were granted in Per petuity by the said former Act: And whereas, in pursuance and by virtue of the said two former Acts, the said Harbour of Whitehaven hath been considerably deepened and improved, and several strong and substantial Moles and Bulwarks have at great Expense been made and erected, whereby Ships in the said Harbour (which formerly lay exposed^liable to be driven out and cast away upon the Rocks and Shoals on that Coast) can now lie in Safety, and are secure from the Violence of the Sea, whereby the Shipping, Trade and Navigation within the Port and Town of Whitehaven have been considerably increased and improved: And whereas the Sum of two hundred and twenty Pounds, borrowed and taken up in pursuance and upon the Credit of the said former Acts, and also the Sum of seven hundred and eighteen Pounds seventeen Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, for Work done and performed in and about the said Harbour, do remain due and unsatisfied, notwithstanding the Duties raised by the said Acts have been strictly applied to the Uses of the said Harbour, and to pay off the Debts incurred for the Service thereof: And whereas, in case the Moles, Bulwarks and Works of the said Harbour were enlarged and extended to low water Mark, such Depth of Water may be obtained, that the largest Ships of the said Port of Whitehaven might fail in and out of the Harbour at Neap Tides, and other Ships frequenting those Seas might fail in at Half Flood, which might tend not only to the Preservation of the Lives of many of his Majesty's Subjects, but also to the Improvement and Increase of the Trade and Navigation of the said Town and Port of ifhitehaven: 4 But it hath been found by Experience, that the perpetual Duties granted and continued by the two former Acts, and which took Place at Ladyday one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven (when the temporary Duties granted by those Acts determined) are not sufficient to keep the said Harbour of 4 a proper Depth, and the Moles and Bulwarks belonging to the same in necessary Repair, and to discharge the said Debt due as aforesaid; Design so useful and beneficial to the said Town and Port of Whitehaven, and to the Trade and Navigation of the Kingdom, cannot be effected and carried into Execution, unless the temporary Duties granted and continued by the said former Acts, and which are now determined, be revived fora competent Term of Years, and other Provisions made for the Purposes aforementioned May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, (sfc.

The two former Acts continued for 21 Years. Trustees enabled to mortgage the Duties. The temporary Duties hereby granted to cease when the Harbour shall be sufficiently repaired; but then a 44 Moiety of the Duties on Tonnage to continue for ever."

Certain Tolls for amending the Roads are granted from 10 June 1740, for 21 Years.

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch hill to e11 slow bridge, aid the Road from wheatley bridge, through the City of Oxon, by Begbrook to New Woodstock in the County of Oxon, except the mile way on each Side of the said City; and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch hill aforesaid.

PR.

The former Act is further continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tej tio Georgii II.

C 16-17.

393

CAP. XVI.

An act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

PR.

WHEREAS the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the LV ol) ' ' -°-

jlapjc, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the4*

County of Surrey, or any nine or more of them, are by virtue of several Acts of Pari ament made in 12 dv. 33! ' the ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth Years of his present Majesty, some or one of them respectively authorised to purchase certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas at certain Seasons of the Year it may be inconvenient for nine of the Commissioner to meet together, and that a lei's Number may be sufficient to answer the Intentions of the said Acts: And whereas several Doubts have arisen, and may arise, relating to the Construction, Force and Effect of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners, whereby the executing the Purposes and Design of the said Acts of Parliament in the bell and most advantageous Manner may be prevented or greatly obstructed Therefore for the explaining and amending the said Acts, in order to the more, ealy Execution thereof, and for the more effectual conveying and assuring to the said Commissioners, and those claiming or to claim under them, such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as they have been or shall be directed or enabled to purchase by any Act or Acts of Parliament now made, t>r which may hereafter be made; and for the more secure and proper Disposition of the Money to be paid for such Purchases; it enacted, isc.

"All Disabilities to treat about selling Houses, C taken away. Any Persons refilling to treat, a Jury "to be impanelled, to assess Damages. Commissioners Judgement thereupon to be final. Their and the CC Juries Proceedings to be kept among the Records of Middlesex and Surrey respectively. If the Pro "ol Lands, C cannot be reasonably ascertained, the purchase money to be paid into the Bank, "and the Property vested in the Commissioners. purchase money may be placed in some of the public "Funds, to the Use of the Persons who shall make proper Conveyances. Conveyances to be enrolled at Westminster, within six Months after making. Persons claiming a Right to any Ellate conveyed to "Commissioners enter their Claim within five Years from the Date of the Inrollment, in a Book "kept by the Regiller of Middlesex. 325,000l. to be advanced by 5l. Lottery Tickets. 15l. for every "100l. amounting in the whole to 48, 750l. to be deducted. Proprietors to apply for Certificates by "i<j March 1741. The Moneys deducted to be applied to the building the Bridge. Penalty on selling "Chances of Tickets for Iefs than the whole Time of drawing. 500l. Penalty on selling Interests" " Tickets not in the Persons Possession."

17 Geo. 2. c. 32. is Geo. 2. c. 29. 29 Geo. 2. c. 38.

See farther 34 Geo. 2. c. 40w 15 Geo. 2. C z6. 30 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Increase of Mariners and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships and other

trading Ships or Vessels

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is necessary to give all fitting Encouragement to Persons to apply themselves to

the Sea Service, and the Practice of Navigation, and also to foreign Mariners and Seamen to en3 Gaz c 4 ' gauge in the British Service Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person herein after mentioned shall be freed Persons ex and exempted from being impressed into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (that is to empted from _ fry) Every Person being of the Age of fifty-five Years or upwards, and every Person not having attained be 1s'1i1plell a the full Age of eighteen Years, and every Foreigner, being a Mariner, Seaman or Land man, who shall serve in any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer, belonging to the subjects of the Crown cf Great Britain.

II. And, for the Encouragement of able-bodied Landmen to betake themselves to the Sea Service; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person of what Age soever he be, who shall use the Sea, shall be freed and exempted from being imprelied for the full Space of two Years, to be computed from the Time of his first going to Sea; and that every Person who, not having before used the Sea, shall bind himself Apprentice to serve at Sea, shall be freed and exempted from being imprelied for the full Space of three Years, to be computed from the Time of his binding himself Apprentice as aforesaid.

III. And, for the better securing to all the Persons before mentioned the Benefit intended them by L oid High this Act; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Bri ^ampro' tain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any three tenons foi or more of them, fha 1, upon due Proof made before him or them of the rel pedlive Ages and Circum that i'utpcfo, fiances (as the Case shall happen) of any of the Persons before mentioned, grant a Protection toeveiy

sich Person to secure him from being impressed, for such Time as by the true Intent and Meaning of

Vol. VI E e e this

394 C 18. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

without See. this Act such Person is to be free and exempted from being impressed; all which Protections shall be Concerning Sea granted without any Fee or Reward to be taken for the same.

wen see farther

14 Geo. 2. c. 38. 17 Geo. 2. c. 34. 18 Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. f. 47. 31 (j. 2.*10.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for punishing Rich Persons as shall wilfully and nvaliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for filing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace; and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of justices of the Peace of Counties touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affeai 1 Geo. 2. c. 19. bled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fird Year of the Reign of his pre ftro In Turn sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as ball wilfully and maliciously pull down or dc pikes coati firoy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works erected by the Authority of Parliament, sir nued. _ making Rivers navigable; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of Jure one

1 cq^nu, CD by thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of cy' 2" the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his See 5 Geo. present Majesty, was further continued for five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou »'«2' spaualb anc seven hundred and thirty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; 17 ueo.l!and which by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for five Years, from the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and irom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, diall be, and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, _ until the fird Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven,

2. C n.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the Act to prevent Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and amending an Act made in the sixth and stat venth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent exac e'x!°"<s' tions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Wedward, and for ascertaining Rep. by 24 Geo. the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River, which was to continue in Force from the fird Day of i. s. §. 16. jifay one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for the Term of nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, diall be, and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the fird Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

12 Geo. t. < % 2§.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint an Act made in the twelfth Year of pft the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, which was to

rcits.°us continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, for

rcipetual the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which

2j Geo C 3. by another Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of h present Majesty, was explained, amended, and further continued for the Term of seven y'ears, and from thence ro the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, 'and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the fird Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven. g Geo. 2. c. 2<j.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Aid made in the fifth Year of the Act to lecuie Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving an Act made in the ffth Year of the Reign of trade'to the ^'s ate Majesty King George the First, intituled An Aid for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Eatt ncues. majesty's Subjects to and from the east Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's

Continued by Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; was to continue in Force from the fird Day

20geo. 2. C 47. of pifny one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the fird Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

Writ of Certio V And, for the better preventing vexatious Delays and Expense, occasioned by the suing forth Writs' tar; how to be of Certiorari, for the Removal of Convictions, Judgments, Orders and other Proceedings before Justices

applied lor of

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 18. 395

of the Peace; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Cmrtrxirgiih Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, no Writ?

of Certiorari shall be granted, issued forth or allowed, to remove any Conviction, Judgement, Order or s&eii'.'&fif. other Proceedings had or made by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City,

Borough, Town Corporate or Liberty, or the respective General or quarter schians thereof, unless such Certiorari be moved or applied for within six Calendar Months next after such Conviction, Judgement,

Order or other Proceedings shall be so had or made, and unless it be duly proved upon Oath, that the said Party or Parties filing forth the same, hath or have given six Days Notice thereof in Writing to the justice or Justices, or to two of them (if so many there be) by and before whom such Conviction, Judgement, Order or other Proceedings shall be so had or made, to the End that such Justice or Justices, or the Parties therein concerned, may shew cause, if he or they shall, so think sir, against the issuing or granting such Certiorari.

VI. And, for the better and more speedy Execution of Process within particular Franchises or Liber Sheriff, to ip ties; be it further enacte.l by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the third Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, the Sheriff of every of Louts ot Shire, being no City or Town made a Shire, within which there is any Franchise or Liberty, the Lord Liberti. or Proprietor whereof is of Right entitled to the Return of Writs within such Franchise or Liberty, shall (if required by any such Lord or Proprietor) within one Month next after such Request made to him for that Purpose, nominate and appoint one or more sufficient Deputy or Deputies, at the proper Costs and Charges of such Lord or Proprietor, to be resident at some convenient own or Place in or near such Franchise or Liberty, to be for that Purpose appointed by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain and the Chief Justices of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas for the time being, or cny one of them, who is and are hereby authorised and empowered to appoint such convenient Town or Place, as to him or them shall seem meet, and to settle and direct what Costs and Charges shall be paid therefore by such Lord or Proprietor; and such Deputy or Deputies shall reside at such Towrn or pace so to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall have Authority in the sheriff's Name, and is and are respectively authorised and empowered, to receive and open all such Writs and Process (the Execution or Return whereof doth of Right belong to the Lord or Proprietor of any such Franchise or Liberty) and thereupon in the Name, and under the Seal of the Sheriff, to make and issue out such Warrant or Warrants to such Lord or Proprietor, as by Law is requisite, for the due Execution of such Writs or Process; every such Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required, upon Tender of any such Writ or Process, to receive and open the same, and to issue out such Warrant thereon, without Delay, in such Manner and Form as the Sheriff himself may or ought to do, without taking any further or other See than what is now due and accustomed for such Warrant; upon Pain that every such Sheriff or Deputy respectively, w ho shall be guilty of any wilful Neglect or Default in the Premises, hall be liable to be punished for the same, as for a Contempt of one of his Majesty's laid Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, or Common Pleas (as the Case shall require) and shall likewise make Satisfaction to the Party or Parties that shall receive Damage thereby.

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, i Geo. i. c.zg

An Act for the more easy assfcjjing, co/lefting and levying of County Rates, several Powers and Authorities are given to the Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, within the respective

of their Commissions, at their General or Quarter sessions, from time to time, to make one General Rate or Assessment for such Sum or Sums of Money as they in their Discretion shall think

sufficient to answer ail and every the Ends and Purposes of the several Acts therein recited; but there being a Proviso in the said Act, that die same, or anything therein contained, should not extend, or

be construed to extend, to make any Persons, Liberties, Divisions or Places liable to pay to any Rate to be made in pursuance of the said Adito which such Person, Liberty, Division or Place did not, or wrns not liable to contribute before the paiting thereof; some Doubts have arisen whether the said Act ' doth extend to Liberties and Franchises, which are not within the Jurisdiction of the Commissions of the Peace for tile Counties in which such Liberties and Franchises lie, and so never did nor were lia ble to contribute to the said County Rates; To the End therefore that such Liberties and Franchises may not be wholly deprived of the Benefit of the said in Part recited Act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Liberties or Franchises within that Part of Great /unices of Britain called England, have Commissions of the Peace within themselves, and are not subject to the Ju brace for rifdiction of the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties in which such Liberties or Franchises lie,

and da not, nor did^before the making the said in Part recited Act, contribute or pay to the several Rates Power asju r made for the said Counties; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of such LI <«>-« for the berties and Franchises, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, to have, life and exercise all kalif/c'uju'1 and singular the Powers, Authorities and Methods, given or prescribed by the said in Parr recited Act, Rates) °un y and all such Liberties and Franchises are hereby declared to be subject thereto, in the same Manner to &! Intents ad Purposes, as Counties at large are; anything in the said in Part recited Act contained, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

Eee 3

396 C 19.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D.

[Preamble.]

Horses to be entered by the Owners,

and no more than one at a Time.

No Plate to be run for under job Value,

CAP. XIX.

An Act to retrain and prevent the exaffive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act made in the raft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excefive and deceitful Gaming.

WHEREAS the great Number of Horse Races for small Plates, Prizes or Sums of Money, C have contributed very much to the Encouragement of idleness, to the Impoverishment of many of the meaner Sort of the subjetfts of this Kingdom, anil the Breed of Prong and useful Horses hath been much prejudiced thereby: 'For Remedy thereof, may it please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afltm bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall enter, dart or run any Horse, Mare or Gelding, for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing, unless such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall] be truly nlid bona fide the Property of, and belonging to i'uch Person so entering, Parting or running the same Horse, Mare or Gelding; nor shall any one Person enter and Peart more than one Horse, Mare or Gelding, for one and the lame Plate, Prize or Sum of Money or other Thing; and in ease any Person or Persons shall after the Paid twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, enter. Hart or run any Horse, Mare or Gelding, not being the Property truly and bona fide of such Person so entering, Parting or running the same, for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, the said Horse, Mare or Gelding, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, to be sued for and recovered, and disposed of, in Manner as is herein after mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall enter and start more than one Horse, Mare or Gelding, for one and the same Plate, Prize or Sum of Aloney, or other Thing, every such Horse, Mare or Gelding (other than the first entered Horse, Mare or Gelding) or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, to be (ued for and recovered, and disposed of, in Manner as herein after is mentioned.

IE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, no Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, shall be run for by any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or advertised, published or proclaimed to be run for by any Horse, Mare or Gelding, unless such Plate, Prize or Sum of Aloney shall be of the full, real and intrinsic Value of fifty Pounds, or upwards; and in case any Person or Persons shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty enter, start or run any Horse, Mare or Gelding, for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing of less Value than fifty Pounds, or shall make, print, advertise, publish or proclaim any Advertisement or Notice of any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing of less Value than fifty Pounds as aforesaid, to be run for by any Horse, Mare or Gelding; every such Person or Persons so entering, starting or running such Horse, Mare or Gelding for such Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing of less Value than fifty Pounds as aforesaid, shall forfeit and Jose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and disposed of in such Manner as is herein after prescribed and directed; every Person or Persons who shall make, print, publish, advertize or proclaim any Advertisement or Notice of any Plate, Prize, Sum of Aloney, or other Thing of less Value than fifty Pounds aforesaid, to be run for by any Horse, Mare or Gelding, flail forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, no Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Age of five Years, shall be entered, started or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, unless such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall carry ten Stone Weight, computing fourteen Pounds to each Stone Weight; and that no Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Age of six Years, shall be entered, started or run for any Plate, Frize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, uidefs such Horse, Alare or Gelding shall carry eleven Stone Weight, computing fourteen Pounds to each Stone Weight; and that no Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Age of seven Years, shall be entered, started or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, unless such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall

Horses carrying ca; ry twelve Stone Weight, computing fourteen Pounds to each Stone Weight; and in case any Person fcfsforfeit1 d' to or ^er^ons enter, start or run any Horse, Mare or Gelding, of either of the Ages aforesaid, for

and Person en any Plate? Prize or Sum of Money, or other Thing, carrying less than the Weights herein before direct

ttring, forfeits ed to be carried, such Horse, Alare or Gelding, or the Value thereof, shall be torfeited, and the Person

2°o1- r. or Persons so entering, starting or running such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall forfeit and lose the Stun

f two hundred Pounds.

IV. Provided also, That every Race that shall be hereafter run for any Plate, Prize or Sum of Aloney, be begun and ended in the same Day.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Dav of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall start or run any

audelackham Match with or between any Horse, Mare or Gelding, for any Sum of Aloney, Plate, Prize or other hetrn cniy, Thing whatsoever, unless such Match shall be started or run at Nczvmarket Heath, in the Counties of and for not less Cambridge and Suffolk, or Black llambleton in the County of York, or the said Sum of Money, Plate, than $ol. Prize, or other Thing be of the real and intrinsic Value of fifty Pounds, or upwards: And in cale any Person or Persons shall start or rur> any such Match at any other Place than Newmarket Heath or Black

Hambktsn

on Penalty of

2001.

Five Years old Horses to carrj jo Stone,

6 Years old jj Stone,

rj Years old i2 Stone.

2. C 34. 11

Race to be began and ended in one Day. Matches to be

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 20. 307

Hambleton aforesaid, or for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing of left Value than fifty on Penalty of Pounds, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds. 200*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred One Half to the i by any Person or Persons for any Offence against this Act shall be sued for and recovered by any Action, of theh«

i Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or at the Assizes, ibcttlvcrro the and shall be disposed of, one Moiety thereof to the Use of stich Person or Persons as shall so sue for p«y of the; the same, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place where the Of 1'3"^' fence shall be committed; except such one Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be incurred but in somerset by, and recovered of any Person or Persons within the County of Somerset; which said one Moiety shall go and be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of the poor Persons admitted into the Hospital or Infir a jiacti, .01>, a ' mary lately erected in the City of Bath, for the Benefit of poor Persons retorting to the said City for the Benefit of the Mineral Waters there.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth ^"tran "

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, all and every Sum or Sums of Money to be paid [o"!ii°.sccord for entering of any Horse, Mare or Gelding to (tart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum ot Money, or belt Horse. other Thing, shall go and be paid to the Second bed Horse, Marc or Gelding, which shall Part or run

for such Plate, Prize or Sum of Money, as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, cr be construed to extend to pre Gifts left for vent the ft.rting or running any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for any Plate, Prize, or other Thing or beaaer things now issuing out of or paid for or by the Rents, Blues, and Profits of any Lands, Tenements CD

or Hereditaments, or of or by the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money now chargeable with the same, or appropriated for that Purpose.

X. And whereas a good and wholesome Law was made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his ^cnilvn"?

present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of exeef iz Geo. itclis.*jive and deeiitful Gaming; but contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, same fraudulent and deceitful Games have been invented, and a certain Game called Passage is now daily practised and car ried on, to the Ruin and Impoveri (lament of many of his Majesty's Subjects; 'is therefore hereby enabled and declared, That the said Game of Passage, and all and every other Game and Games in vented or to be invented with one or more Die or Dice, or with any other Instrument, Engine, or De cfmes witii' vice in the Natue of Dice, having one or more Figures cr Numbers thereon (Backgammon and the other Dice, proluba games now played with the Backgammon Tables only excepted) are and shall be deemed to be Games^or Lotteries by Dice, within the Intent and Meaning of the said in Part recited Act; and all and every '29 £«. 2. .7, Person and Persons who shall setup, maintain, or keep any Office, Table, or Place (save an.l except as in the said in Part recited Act is provided and declared) for the said Game of Passage, or for any other such Game or Games, as aforesaid (Backgammon and the other Games now played with the Backgammon Tables only excepted) shall severally forfe't, be subject, and liable to, all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said in Part recited Act indicted upon any Person or Persons who shall erect, setup, continue, or keep any of the Games or Lotteries in the said in Part recited Act mentioned; and all and every Person or Persons who shall play, set at, (lake, or adventure at the said Game, of Passage, or at any other such Game, as aforesaid (Backgammon and the other Games now played with the Backgammon Tables only excepted) save and except as in the said in Part recited Act is provided and declared, he and they respectively shall severally forfeit, be fufcject, and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said in Part recited Act inflicted upon any Person or Persons who shall' play, set at, slake, or adventure at any of the said Games in the said in Part recited Act mentioned and all and every such Offenders respectively shall be prosecuted and convicted, and the several Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sued for, and recovered and disposed of in like Manner, and to such Uses, as the several Penalties and Forfeitures in either of such Cases are by the said in Part recited Act directed 10 be sued for, and recovered, and disposed of.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information to be brought or commence.! by virtue of this Act, no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that over and above the Penalties and Forfeitures doublscoft's to be recovered by virtue of this Act, the Plaintiff or Informer shall recover his or her double Coffs.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more effectually preventing fraudulent Qualifications of Persons to vote as

Freeholders in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns

as are Counties of them (elves, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen akke, intituled An prean.bte, re act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply I'otes for electing cions the Act Knights of 'Shires to serve in Parliament, it is enabled, That all Estates and Conveyances whatsoever, 10 °.

made to any Person or Persons in any fraudulent or collulive Manner, on purpose ro qua i fy him or them to give Iris or that ir Vote or Votes at such Elections' of Knights of the Shire, fobjett neverthe less to Conditions or Agreements to defeat or dereimine such Estate, or to rc convey the same, shall be deemed and taken against those Persons who executed the lame as free and absolute, and be held and enjoyed by all and every such Person or Persons to whom such Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, fieely and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Manner of Trusts,

Conditions,

398 C 20.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

Voters to be poiletfed of Lands, C to the Value of 40 s. per Ann.

\ lull Year before the Election.

Unless such Lands come by Descent. Sec. within the Time,

on Penalty of CL

12 Anns, ft. 1 C 5.

Conditions, Clauses of re entry, Powers of Revocation, Provisoes of Redemption, or other De ' feazances whatsoever, between or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for 6 them; and that ai Bonds, Covenants, Collateral or other Securities, Contracts, or Agreements, fce tween or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, 6 for the redeeming, revoking, or defeating such Ellate or Estates, or for the rclloring or re conveying thereof, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who made or executed such Conveyance, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that every Person who shall make and execute such Conveyance or Conveyances as aforesaid, or being privy to such Purpose, shall devise or prepare the same, and every Person who by Colour thereof shall give any Vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, shall, for every such Conveyance so made, or Vote so created or given, C forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds to any Person who shall lue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the Courts of Re ' eord at Westminster, wherein no eltoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Impar lance shall be admitted or allowed. And it is thereby further enacted, That no Person shall vote for the electing of any Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or ia Right of any Lands or Tenements which have not been charged or affelted to the public Taxes, ' Church Rates, and Parish Duties, in such Proportion as other Lands or Tenements of Forty Shii lings per Annum, within the same Parish or '1'ownship where the same shall lie, or be usually charged, ' and for which such Person shall not have received the Rents or Profits, or be entitled to have received 6 the same, to the full Value of forty Shillings or more to his own Ule for one Year before such Elec tion; unless such Lands or Tenements came to such Person within the Time aforesaid by Descent, ' Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Presentation to some Benefiee in the Church, or by Pro ' motion to some Office unto which such Freehold is affixed; and that if any Person shall vote in any such Election, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Aift, he shall for every such Or ' fence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where the Lands or Tenements lie, for which such Person shall vote, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eltoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance: And whereas by an ACT made in the next Session of Parliament, to explain a Clause in the said last recited Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, it is enacted, That the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to restrain any Person from voting in such Election of any Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in respect, or in Right of any Rents, Tithes, or other incorporeal Inheritances, or any Messuages or Lands in extra parochial Places, or any Chambers in the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, or any Messuages or Seats belonging to any Offices, in regard, or by reason that the same have not usually been, or shall not be charged or affelted to all or any of the public Taxes, Church Rates, and Pa ' rill Duties, as mentioned in the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or in respect or Right of any other Messuages or Lands not therein before specified, in regard, or by reason that the same have not been usually charged or assessed to all and every the public Taxes, ' Church Rates, and Parish Duties aforesaid; provided that such Messuages or Lands have usually been charged or affelted to some one or more of the said public Taxes, Rates or Duties, in such Propor

tion as other Messuages or Lands of forty Shillings per Annum, within the same Parish or Township where the same shall lie or be, are usually charged to the lame; anything contained in the said Act,

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, to the contrary thereof in any wise not with ' (landing: And whereas it is reasonable. That Provision should likewise be made to prevent any frau dulent Conveyances of Lands and Tenements, in order to multiply Votes for electing Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns as are Counties of themselves, wherein Persons have ' a Right to vote for electing such Members, for or in respect of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of forty Shillings; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred anti forty, the said Provisions contained in the said in Part recited Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order

before Elcalon, to multiply Votes for electing Knights for Shires; and in the said Act made in the next Sessions of Par

fuhveft to the linment, shall be extended, and construed to extend, to such Lands or Tenements, for or in Respect of

which any Person shall vote for the Election of any Alember to serve in Parliament, for any such City or Town as aforesaid, being a County of itself, in that Part of Great Britain called England', and that

if any Person shall vote for the Election of any such Member as a Freeholder, not having such an

Ellate for one Year before the same Election, and so charged or assessed, as in the said Acts, or one of in p.irt repeated ems described, except in Cases therein excepted, every such Person shall be subject to the like pe by 19geo. C nalties and Forfeitures as are by the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, imposed on Persons voting for Knights of Shires, not having the Qualifications thereby required.

lencer.'uttg pari

um<r, t ftc farther 75 Geo. a, c. 22. i3 Geo. 2. C is. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. $3 Geo'. 2, C 26.

t erfnns voting as t ret holders not having; an Estate 1 Year

Penalties and Forfeitures 10 Anne.

Exception.

L D. 1740

Anno decimo tertio Georgii II.

C 21-23.

309

CAP. XXI.

An Act for farther and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious Destruction of

Collieries and Coal Works.

WHEREAS of late diverse evil disposed Persons possessed of or interested in Collieries, have by Preamble, r secret and subtle Devices wilfully and maliciously attempted to drown adjacent Collieries, and ci>i£g t, e AO, have by Means of Water conveyed or obilrudled for that Purpose destroyed or damaged the same, in 10 e0'2' c'3' i tending thereby to enhance the Price of Coals, and gain the Monopoly thereof: And whereas by an act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty it was enabled, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously let on Fire, or cause to be seton Fire, any Mine, Pit or Dclph of Coal, or Cannel Coal, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be ad 1 judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cales ot Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas it is reasonable that an adequate Punishment should likewise be inflicted on Persons who shall wilfully and maliciously defiroy or damage Collieries by Means of Water as is aforesaid Be it enacted oy the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Persons drowrf that if any Person, from anti after the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty, shall unlawfully, wilfully and malieioully divert, or cause to be diverted, Water from any River, Damages, nj Brook, Watercourse, Channel or Land Flood, or convey, or cause to be conveyed, Water into any f' '.i Co: U,

Coal Work, Mine, Pit or Dclph of Coal, or into any subterraneous Cavities or passages, or make, or cause to be made, any subterraneous Cavities' or Paflitges, with Design thereby to defiroy or damage any Coal Work, Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal belonging to any other Person or Persons, or shall for that Purpose unlawfully, wilfully and maliciously defiroy or obfttmft any Sough or Sewer (which has been a Sough or Sewer in common for fifty Years) made for draining any Coal Work, Mine, Pit or Dclph of Coal, or shall attempt or continue any such mischievous Practice, or shall aid or assist therein in Manner aforesaid; such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties aggrieved treble Damages, and full Cods of Suit, to be sued for and recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of lvis majesty's Courts of Record at ivcjhiunjjer.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or restrain, or be conftrtied e>-cp: )': &> to prevent or restrain, any Person or Persons, being the Owner or Owners of any Sough, Drain or oj.'j.'"'0'

Sewer, from destroying, obstructing or diverting, using or disposing of any such Sough, Drain or Sewer, C -- ree- --, ill such Manner as he, she or they respectively may now lawfully do. % e % 'c!l" t i

17 Geo. z, C 35. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35; 22 Gi:, 2. C 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26.- 30 Gta. 2. C 19.. 31 Gti. 2. C 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. 33 Co. 1.;. ij,

CAP. XXII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading, from.

Dunchurch in the County of Warwick, to the Bottom of Meriden Hill in the same County, and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

The Act is continued for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking fund for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund, and for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty-one thousand Pounds one Shilling and eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by Sale of Lands in the Island of Saint chrifio pher's, anti for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deiirous not only to raise such Supplies as are neeefiiiry to enable your Majesty to carry on the pieiutt War with t ucce.s, but also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto yo Majesty the Sum of one million, out of the Surplusses, Excelles and Overplus. Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and also to enable your Majesty to issue and apply lire further Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and to that End and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and

be

400

Treasury to issue out of the Sinking Fund, 3, OCO, ooool.

and the growing Product of the said Fund, towards raising the further Suit of zoo, ccol. for the Service of the Year moo'

the said Sum may be paised b) loans or Exchequer. bijls,

Lender to have Tallies and Orders.

Orders and Payments to bs in Course.

No undue Preference.

Officers to take no Fees.

Penalties,

C 23. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority! of the same. That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from tune to time tjuarterly be, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving miheient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be. issued, paid and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And for or towards raising the said further Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the cotnmil sioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer,

'or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury' for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time, quarterly, to issue and apply the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the said Sum of one million by this Act granted as aforesaid, and all such other Sum and Sums of Money as are appropriated to any particular Ule or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) towards raising the said further Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of twenty-one thousand Pounds one Shilling and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by Sale of the Lands in the Island of Saint Christopher's, shall and may be issued and applied as Part of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high Treasurer for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Buis, in Manner hereafter mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or End to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, nut exceeding the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called 'Fke Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds ten Shillings pur Centum per Annum, lb as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three of the commissioners of t e Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that purpose, as sail as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated and assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every perl on and Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same mto the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the lame, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall lland registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Na ives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders ft. ft entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be piid cut of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys; and he, (lie i r they, who shall have' his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or af signs respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertih'e to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than such Uses and purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, diredily or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for providing cr making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches in or for Pa merit of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks, Or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending. with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Kee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another ill ll be made either in Point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true Meaning of this Act by any Inch Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the

401

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 23.

Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit' to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of His Office or Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid. which laid Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege,

Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restrainf, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, Whatniaiibe or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the

Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered "nee. rc first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

VII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay, subsequent' Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed.of, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Orders affigr. due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore able

said, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title,

Interest: and Benefit of such Order to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have of hath made such Assignment to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

IX. - And to the endfthere may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills' as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Way's or Means,

for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commis Treasury may

sioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or

any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the time being shall judge it more adviseable to out newexchl

raise the said sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills quer Bills,

instead of such Loans as aforesaid; that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at

any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer any

Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said

Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same

or like Manner, Form or Order, and according: to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and

by a certain Act of Parliament for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

X and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro ciauf« of the

vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act Bills?'"

(except such clauses as do charge the same on the Duties or Impofidons granted or continued by the to extent! to same Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, of l!ll°

as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally' "*authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and' re efiafted in the Body of this present Act.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in The fold Bills, pursuance of this Act) and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the

latne, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by or out of fund. s the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Uie or Ui'es by any former' or other Act or Acts of parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and maybe issued and applied, as fast as the same can be regularly stated and afeer tained, for or towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium,

Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid oft, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be reserved and kept in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

402 C 23.

Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

2, 019, 7041. 8 s. 3 d. for Naval Services.

10,000l. to Greenwich hospital.

Application of

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys northeast Suppies. coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Ad of this session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Ad, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming, into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Ad, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also the Sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred twenty-two Pounds seven f billings and ten Pence farthing, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, but not applied for the Service of that Year and the Sum of twenty-one thousand Pounds one Shilling and eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Island of Saint chri jfopher's; and the Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, by this AI granted as aforesaid, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

XIII. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two million nineteen thousand seven hundred and four Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say) For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed.; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed.

XIV. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

140, 4541.4s

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there office; or the an may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and Ordnance. forty thousand four hundred thirty-four Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

118, 2141. is,

XVI. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the aids or Supplies as aforesaid, ctjviar!nes!eftts t'lere shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ninety four thousand five hundred fifty-four Pounds eighteen Shillings, which with the Sum of twenty-three thousand six hundred fifty-nine Pounds three Shillings, issued out of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds charged on the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, amounts to the Sum of one hundred eighteen thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds one Shilling, for raising and defraying the Charge of maintaining Six Regiments of Marines, consisting of four thousand eight hundred and ninety Men, Commission and non commission Officers included, for fourteen Months from the twenty-fifth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty, both Days 33, 4291. for ad inclusive; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-three thousand four hundred twenty nnes?al Ma" nine Pounds, for raising and maintaining two thousand and forty Men, Officers included, to be added to the six Regiments of Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty.

dio Far thins

XVII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, that out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore i3orandfoices, > said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million i. e. two hundred ten thousand and ninety five Pounds four Shillings and threepence three Farthings, for

or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly so, 1501. tos. expressed; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred sixty thousand for cuarjuancl' one hundred and fifty Pounds ten Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of Camions.'twenty-eight thousand eight hundred fifty-two Men, Commission and non commission Officers included (and also including two thousand one hundred forty-one Invalids, and eight hundred and fifteen Men which the Regiment consists of for the Service of the Highlands) for Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thou a66> v': Is sand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred sixty six for the fana thousand two hundred and three Pounds two Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for maintaining his tions. majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the

23-

4°3

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. C

Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, Gibraltar and Georgia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand three hundred forty owl. 6; seven Pounds and six Shillings, upon Account, for the Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine thousand four hundred seventy seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, for dc Kartilin'.! fur fraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred e'xtraorr'in.ry and thirty-nine, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Expenses. thirty-four thousand five hundred eighty seven Pounds, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Of M': fpl fleers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, "1 !'dy' subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-two thou m.ssoi. n s. land eight hundred eighty Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for defraying the Charge of Gc 1 d v' '0?*' neral and staff officers for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of "r5j13 ' Ul Money not exceeding two thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds thirteen Shillings and sixpence, for 2 'oi_, s 6l. maintaining one Company of Invalids, to be forthwith raised; and for making an Addition of twenty for one cyipa men to each of the four Companies of Invalids raised in November one thousand seven hundred and nr of invalid, thirty-nine, in all to one hundred eighty one Men, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred ninety 1, 9981. tore eight Pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces ^jj^fscci's and Marines, as died upon the' Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married i00'3' to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; which said Sum of three thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the lame, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, Deductions, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XVIII. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 5, 365]. iss. gd. said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five for Deficiency thousand eight hundred sixty five Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, to replace to the Sink yjjcs.tamp ing Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp

Duties at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to replace to the 2?ace°othere" said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of sinking Fund. England for one year's Interest due on or before the eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum on the principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and any Sum or Sums of Money io, ooool. to not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements be, longing to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of African Forts Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church coi. to the of Saint Peter, tpcflminster; and there shall and may be issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony ^bbe*" of Georgia in America, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand Pounds, by them to oooof. to ey' be applied for the further settling and improving the said Colony; and any Sum or Sums of Money, the Colony of not exceeding fifty-eight thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, on G "r "1j1, Account of the Subsidy payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to the Treaty bearing Date the la Subsidy fcttuceotii Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty for the Year one thousand seven hundred to the King of and forty. Denmark. t

XIX. and.it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there 100,000l. for shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to carry on in the moult effectual Manner, such Measures as his Majesty shall judge necessary in the further Prosecution of the just War in which his Majesty is engaged.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued olrtheaws not applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, '°vde mifap' or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any Act or Acts, p 16

or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXI. And as to the said Sum of thirty-four thousand five hundred eighty seven Pounds, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Ap Rules for the plication thereof; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who Application of was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or iff oy 2. Company, in which he served, was reduced; That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the .41.

F f f 3 same,

same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall nave or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garilon or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission fmee; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the lame as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken oft the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

12 Geo. 2. c. 39. '

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

entitled. An Act for granting to his Mqjefy the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year one thousand J, seven hundred and thirty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Funds and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices; several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-nine thousand one hundred twenty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half nay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Overplus That so much of the said Sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and twenty-four Pounds nineteen half-pay how Shillings and twopence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, accord 'o be applied, ing to the Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in tyre late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act, or the said former Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing and regulating Houses of Correction. REP. 17 Geo. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the more effectual Maintenance and well keeping of Stanes Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England.

PR.

Preamble, retiring 1 H. S. C 9.

39 Elia, not frintec).

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An All concerning the Bridge of Stanes, the Chancellor of England for the Time being, or the Keeper of the King's Great Seal, and their Succ essors, were authorised and im powered to depute and assign two, three or four Persons of the Town and Parish of Stanes, to take and receive Toll and Custom, as before that Time had been used to be paid, as well for Carts and Horses laden with Merchandise and other Stuff carried over and upon the same Bridge, as of Barges coming underneath the same Bridge, and to employ the said Tolls for repairing and making the said Bridge, and also the Causeway extending from the said Town of Stanes to the Town of Egham in the County of Surrey, and to render a yearly Account thereof to the said Chancellor or Keeper for the Time being, or before such Persons as either of them should depute and assign: whereas by another Act made in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and well keeping of Stanes Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highxvay from London unto the west Parts of England, it was enacted, That the Chancellor of England for the Time being, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, and their Successors, should have the Deputation and Assign ment of four Men, whereof two to be of the Town and Parish of Stanes aforesaid, and the other two to be of the Town and Parish of Egham aforesaid; and the said four to take and receive by themselves

their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, the Toll and Custom as before that Time ought or had been used to be paid, and to employ the same upon the Reparation and making of the said Bridge and Causeway,

and thereof yearly to yield Account to the said Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal for the Time being, or before such Persons as he Should depute and assign, between the Feasts of Saint Michael the Archangel and All Saints; and if by Default of the four Persons aforesaid, or any of them, in not ga thering or not well employing the said Toll, the said Bridge and Causeway, or either of them, should not be sufficiently kept and maintained, the Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal had Power to inflict a Penalty upon them, or any of, them, in whom such Default should be found as aforesaid,

not exceeding ten rounds, the same to be levied by Distress by such Person or Persons as should be r nominated by the said Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal, and to be employed for maintaining

the said Bridge and Causeway: And whereas the Tolls and Duties arising by virtue of the said Acts,

A.D. 1740. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 26. 405

after Deduction of Taxes and Assessments, do not amount to above fortyfive Pounds per Annum one 1 Year with another at an Average, which Sum is greatly insufficient to keep up, support and maintain the said Bridge and Causeway; by reason whereof the Paid Bridge, or great Part thereof, hath been for sometime part and now is in a ruinous and dangerous Condition, and the said Causeway is fallen to such Decay, that unless speedily repaired, it will be in great Danger of being broken through by

high Floods in the River Thames, whereby not only a great Trad of many thousand Acres of Land

will be liable to be overflowed, and several Towns and Villages greatly damnified, but also the Course and Navigation of the River Thames may be obstructed and diverted, and the Road from i' Stanes to Egharn aforesaid, being Part of the great Western Road, rendered impassable: And whereas I the bridge masters, or Persons deputed by the Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal as aforesaid, in order to provide Money for the Repair of the said Bridge and Causeway, have fre questly kept up a Ferry there at an exorbitant Rate, to convey Passengers over the River Thames, to the great Inconvenience and Oppression of all Persons travelling that Way, c7."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to revive, explain and amend an Act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River of Medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

PR.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the p/eambie, re reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the River \ g1*5,car. », V medway navigable, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex; whereby, after reciting, that making the not printed.

|' River Medway, and all other Rivers, Streams and Watercourses falling the reinto, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, navigable, had been upon View found to be feafable, and would be of great Use for the better and more easy and speedy Portage of Iron Ordnance, Balls, Timber and other Ma ' terials, in Places adjacent, made, forged and provided for his Majesty's Service, at all Times, and more especially at such Times and Seasons in the Year as the same could not otherwise be brought out of those Parts; and would be advantageous to the Inhabitants, and all others concerned, as well for Carriage of the Commodities aforesaid, as of Wood, Corn and Grain, Hay, Hops, Wool, Leather and all other Provisions, growing and accruing from thence; as also of Coals, Lime, Stone 1 Wares and all other Necessaries and Commodities to be carried thither, whereby Commerce and Trade would be much increased, and the public Weal advanced: It was therefore enacted, That it should and might be lawful for certain Persons therein named, to make the said River, and Streams running the reinto, navigable, in such Manner as by the said Act is limited and directed; and Commissioners; also therein appointed, with Power to adjudge and determine proper Satisfaction to all Person Persons, 'Bodies Politic and Corporate, for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, by cutting, digging or otherwise damnifying their Lands and Tenements, in making the said River and f Streams navigable, with a Power to appoint new Commissioners in the Stead of those dying or re is fusing to act: And whereas the Powers by the said Act created, were never yet carried into Execution; and the several Persons authorised thereby to make the said River and Streams navigable,

and the several Commissioners therein named and appointed, are all since dead, without any proper 14 Successors appointed in their Stead in Manner as by the said Act is directed: whereas the making the said River and Streams navigable at this Time is likely to be of great Utility to the public, by rea i4 son that great Quantities of Timber growing on the Woods of Kent and Sussex, through which the said River and Streams run, and which is allowed to be the best in this Kingdom for the Use of his Majesty's Navy, cannot be conveyed to any Market, but at a very large Expense, by reason of the Badness of the Roads in those Parts: And whereas diverse Persons herein after named, and many others, are desirous to become Undertakers for making the said River of Mediuay and Streams navigable, and have agreed to raise amongst themselves a Sum of Money sufficient for that Purpose; 'May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, l3'c.

"Proprietors Power. If Proprietors or others do not like Commissioners Decree, Commissioners to issue Warrants to Sheriffs or Coroners of Kent or Suffix to impanel and return a Jury, to appear before the Commissioners, to assess Damages; and Commissioners to give Judgement. Verdicts, £sy. to be record ed by the Clerk of the Peace ior Kent or Sussex. Proprietors always liable to pay Damages to the Land Owners, 07. by Verdict of a Jury before the Commissioners. Proprietors may raise Money among themselves to carry on their Work, not exceeding 30,000l. The Money raised to be divide^l 44 into 300 Shares. No Person to have above 10 Shares. Subscribers not answering all the Calls,

shall lose what they have paid. Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share, by themselves or Proxies. Books of Accounts to be kept at Tunbridge in a Chest, and the Key kept by the Com 44 mi.ttee. Proprietors may employ Boats, V to carry Goods on the River, and take Toll of others.

44 No Toll to be paid till the River is navigable for Boats carrying 40 Tonnes. Boats not carrying "Goods or Passengers, to pass toll free. The Navigation of the River Medway not subject to the "Commissioners of Sewers."

j

Cap. xxvi.

An act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain.

EXP.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty hath been called on by the repeated Insults, Depredations, and Cruel ties of the Spaniards, to make use of the Power which Gcd hath given him, for vindicating the Honour and Dignity of his Crown, and for securing to his Subjects the undoubted Rights and Privileges of Navigation and Commerce to which they are justly entitled; and in order thereunto his Majesty upon just and honourable Grounds hath thought fit to declare War with Spain; and it being highly requisite and necessary to prohibit and restrain all Commerce between his Majesty's Subjects and those of Spain in Europe, and to enforce such Prohibitions and Restrictions by severe Penalties; ' Be it therefore enacted, 13v.

44 No Goods to be imported from Old Spain, during the War, on Penalty of forfeiting Ship and Goods, and 'I'reble the Value. Except what are lodged at Minorca or Gibraltar, before i May 1740, and brought home on British) Bottoms before 24 June' 1740."

kin^shtsbv HI; And to prevent collusive, fraudulent, or clandestine Captures by Privateers; Be it enacted by the Coifufion, the Authority aforesaid, That if any Privateer or Privateers shall by Consent, or clandestinely, or by Col privateer and lusion, seize or take any Ship or Vessel whatsoever; upon due Proof thereof to be made in the Court of <ttted.both fr" Admiralty, the Bail or Recognisance given in the Paid Court by or on the Behalf of such Privateer at the taking out of his Commission shall be pronounced and declared by the said Court to be forfeited, and the Privateer Ship itself, with all her Appurtenances, Guns, Tackle, Ammunition, and Goods on board, as also the Merchant Ship or Vessel that shall be so taken, with her Appurtenances and Lading, upon Proof as aforesaid, shall be condemned as good and lawful Prize; and after Condemnation and Sale thereof the Person or Persons discovering and prosecuting the same shall have one Third Part of the net Produce for his or their Encouragement.

The King by Proclamation may take off the Prohibition. Claimant to give tool. Security to answer Costs of Prosecution."

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for continuing the several Laws therein mentioned; relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mails, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British, made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the Greenland, and to the Whale Fishery: For granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in thi. Whale Fishery during the presentwar: For exmpting Harponeers, and others employed in that Greenland Fishery Trade, from being impressed: for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and contracts of Clerks

and Apprentices.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are found to be very useful and beneficial to the Public, and are so near expiring that it is fit they should now be continued; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Ail 2 Geo. 2. Cintituled, An act for better Preservation of his Majesty's jfoods in America, and for the Encouragement ', 5. for impor f the Importation of Naval Stores from theme; and to encourage the Importation of Majis, Yards and Bw stores, 015 geojjr ts frcm that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Premiums upon Malts, Yards and 2. C 35. Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine, which was made to be in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, for the Space of thirteen. Years, and to the End asdec^so? °' t^le len next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time there jhd farther 'by in limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hun 32 G. 2. C 23. dred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ail 9 Geo. 2.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the ninth Year of C 37.forencou the Reign of hi s present Majesty, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufafiufe Safi cloth, '1'British Sail Cloth, and for the more effefiual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; which was to be in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand leven

hundred and thirty-six, for the Space of five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Pnrlia 24 Geo. C 52. ment, shall be and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited for the Expiration stud farther l>y thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence: 31 Geo. a. C 36. to Find of the then next Session of Parliament.

Act 5 Geo. 2. C

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of his 2s. forencoura present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland fi/bery, which was to be in gtheoreen Force for nine Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty an 1 "'r>' one, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited ior the Expiration there

S of,

C 29. 407

f, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to te End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in tyre fixih Year of

trul Fifocry, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Time therein limited for the Expira on thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from lence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the Allowance of wenty Shillings a Tonne, according to the Admeasurement of the Ship, by the Paid Raft mentioned Act iredted to be paid, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Ircat Britain, during the present War and no longer fupon having such Schedule, Certificate, Licence nd Oath transmitted to them by the Collector and Comptroller of the Port from whence such Ship tall depart, as by the said last mentioned Act is directed; and upon such Commissioners being satisried f the faithful Dealings of the Master and other Persons employed in such Ship, with respect to such Voyage and Fishery) on Demand to cause Payment to be made to the Mailer or Owners, or to his or tcir Assigns, by the receiver-general of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain from whence such hip shall depart, of the Sum of ten Shillings a Tonne, according to the Admeasurement of the Ship, ver and above the Sum of twenty Shillings a Tonne by the last mentioned Act granted for the encou igement of the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas, or davis's Straights, and the adjacent Seas, carted on by his Majesty's britijlo Subjects, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said al iwance of twenty Shillings a Tonne by the said last mentioned Act is directed to be paid: And whereas the Greenland Fishery Trade cannot be carried on without Alen who are used to the said Fishery; '

ie it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harponeer, line manager, boat steerer, or eaman, who shall be in, or belonging to any Ship or Veiled in the Greenland Fishery Trade, shall be nprelted from the said Service, and that any such Harponeer, line manager, boat steerer, or Seaman, lay, during the Time of the Year that he or they are not employed in the said Fishery, fail in the col ery Trade, upon giving Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that he or hey will proceed in the said Ship or vessel to Greenland, or davis's Straights, on the Whale Fishery the ext Season.

VI. And, for the Relief of any Person or Persons, who through negledi or Inadvertency have omit; d to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Adonies given, paid, contracted or greed for, with or in relation to any Cleric, Apprentice or Servant which hath been put or placed to or nth any Master or Mistress to learn any Profession, Trade or Employment, and to have such inden ures or other Writings which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements relating ja the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant stamped, within the Times by the several Acts of 'arliament for those Purposes respectively limited; or, who have also in like Manner omitted to insert nd write in Words at length in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, the full Sum or Sums f Money or any Part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contacted for, with or in relation to every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid; it enacted by lie Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Moneys, or such Part of Itch Moneys so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the first Day of August one housand seven hundred and forty, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and endring the said Indentures or other Writings to be stamped at the same Time, or at any Time on or lefore the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty, (of which timely no ice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same Indentures or other Writings shall be good and (ivailable in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective in ended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties so omitted had been duly paid, ind the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inserted; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omiilions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and front' lie said Penalty; anything in this or the said former Acfls to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for confirming, and enlarging the Powers granted by his Majesty to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital, for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and de ferted young Children, by his most: Gracious Charter, bearing Date the seventeenth Day of October in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and to enable them to execute the good Purposes of the said Charter.

PR.

WHEREAS his Majesty, in Compassion to the Numbers of poor Infants who are liable to be exposed to perish in the Streets, or be murdered by their indigent and inhuman Parents, has been most graciously pleased, by his Royal Charter under the Great Seal of Great Britain, 10 create f and establish a Corporation or Body Politic, by the Name of The Governors aid Guardians of the Hof ' pita/for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted young Children; which Corporation is by the said Charter declared to have perp.tual Succdfion, and empowered to take, hold, purchase, receive and

continued to 25 Dee. 1750. Farther continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 45. and zkgeo,

C 20.

Act 6 Geo. 2. c. 33. for encouraging; the Whale Hfhcry, continued to 25 Dec. 1750.

22 Geo. 2. 0.4$. and Jet 27 Geo. 2.

C 18. §7

Additional j'ounty otic s. per Tonne, during the War. 27 Geo. 2. C

18. §.7.

Greenland Fishermen or Sailors not to be impre/ted.

See farther 22 Geo. 2. c. 45. zs Geo. 2. c. 20.

Time enlarged lor paying Du ties for Clerks and Apprentices, and flamping their Indentures, C Concerning Indentures, see farther 18 Geo. 2. c. 22. 20 Geo. 2. c. 45. 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

40s C 30. Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. A.D. 1740.

and possess Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to the Value of four thousand Pounds a Year and Goods, Chattels and Personal Estate of what Nature and Value soever; to purchase or ered an Hospital for the Support, Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted young Children; and to hold Courts to make bylaws, and to elect Governors and Officers, and to do other Acts for the Purposes of the said Charter: And whereas great Sums of Money have been given by the Governors of the said Hospital, and other Persons, to be applied to the charitable Uses before mentioned: And whereas by Reason of the Laws now in Force for the Relief of the Poor many Difficulties may arise in carrying into Execution the good Intents of the said Charter, and that the granting other and fur tlier Powers to the said Corporation is requisite, effectually to answer the Purposes aforesaid; 'May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

"Hospital may purchase Lands, tfc. not exceeding 4000l. per Ann. Taxes on Lands, &c. not to be "raised above what was paid in 1739; though improved for the Use of the Corporation. Conveyance! "to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor, &c. Corporation to maintain and educate as many Children as they think fit. No Churchwarden, &c. to hinder any Persons bringing their Children to the "Hospital, on Penalty of 40s. No Parish Officer shall have any Authority in the Hospital. No Settlement by being educated in the Hospital. No Fees due to any Parish for Christenings or Burials. "Corporation to provide Minister and Burial Ground. Children may be left for Hire to work abroad "for the Use of the Hospital. President, &c. to be chosen annually. On Death of President, &c. "others to be chosen. Governors may remove Officers and Servants at Pleasure.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for further enlarging the Term granted by an at of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, For cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe 3 and for making the said Act, and another Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the Term granted by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, more effectual.

PR.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years, of the Reign of his late Majesty King masts William the Third, entitled, .^; / Ail for cleanfng and mating navigable the Channel from, tin I. IV 'ancf3' C Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; which Ad was made, to continue from the: first Day of May one

5 Geo. 1. c. 31. ' thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, for and during the Space, of one and twenty Years, during

which Term certain Duties were by the said Act laid upon such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, for the Purposes aforesaid, as in the said Act are mentioned; upon the Credit of which Ad the Mayor of Colchester, and the Justices of the Peace for the East Division of the County of Essex, the Commissioners therein appointed, had pursuant to the Authority thereby, given borrowed Moneys for the more speedy and effectual completing of the said Work; but the said Duties falling short, there had not { been sufficient raised thereby, either to.perfe6l.the said Work, or to pay the whole Money borrowed for that Purpose; the: Sum of one thousand and two hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, was in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen remaining due.to the Executor of William Hewer, late of Clapham in the County of Surrey, Esquire, upon Security of the.premisses, which could not be re paid, nor the said Channel be effectually repaired and amended' according to the Intent of the said Act, unless a further Provision was made by. Parliament, and the said Act made more effectual: And whereas by an act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, entitled, ' An Act for enlarging the Time granted. by an Act of the ninth and tenth Years of King William, For

cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, and for making the said Act more effectual (reciting as. before is recited) it was enacted, That the said former at, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby given, and all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Matters and

Things therein contained, and not thereby altered; Should, for raffing, levying, collecting, Securing ' of, and accounting for the Rates and Duties thereby granted or.continued, and to that End for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the said former at, and for other the Purposes of that Ad, be continued, and be in full Force andeffed from the first Day of May, which mould be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen (when the said former recited Act would expire) until the first day. of Assay, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, being a further Term of twenty-one Years, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the laine were particularly and at large repeated andre enacted in the Body of the said last recited Act'; and.it was thereby.further enacted, That the Duties granted by vir tue of the said last recited Act should be one Moiety or Half. Part of the Duties granted by the said former Act, and no more, and all Corn or Grain whatsoever should be wholly exempted: And where. ' as since the puffing the said last recited Act the Money due to the Executor of William Hater has been paid, and the Commissioners have creeled a very large Lock on the said Channel, which: ' has been found by Experience to be of very great Use and Service to the Navigation thereof; and fors as much as the Maintenance and Reparation of the said Lock will be a continual Expense, and the Term.' ' in the said last i ecited Ad will expire the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty, and the Lock after that Time cannot be supported, and the Channel be kept cleansed and fit for Navigation, sunless some further provision.be made by Parliament for the same, and a Power, be given to the Com 8 'missioners

missioners to lend on Mortgage, or lay out in the Purchase of Lands or otherwise, the Sum of eleven hundred Pounds or thereabouts, which on the Expiration of the said last recited Act, after the Charge

of passing this present Act i paid, will be in the Receiver general's Hand, or then due and in Arrear

Persons that ought to have paid the same; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

"The Two recited Acts made perpetual. Duty of 3 d. a Chalder on Coal. No Strangers may open the Susanhr "Lock. Money raised, shall be disposed of by the of." 15 Gn'j e' ', -

Anno decimo quarto GEORG 11 II

: A

T the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the fourteenth Day' of January, Anno Dotn. one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, in the eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland. King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the eighteenth Day of November 1740, 3 being the seventh Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for wanting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one. EXP. 4 s. in the Pound.

Tent, XIV die Novembi is, conthtuat' usque ad et in Lunre, xviiam diem Aprilis, cid Recordo,

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act to prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon.

EXP.

WHEREAS the Exportation of any Sort of Corn or Grain (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Preamblei Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, or Bacon, out of this Kingdom of Great Britain, or from Ireland, or any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or other _ the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, may at this Time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's subjects be it therefore enacted, &c.

"Corn, &c. not to be exported before zy Dec. 1741. Rice excepted. Officers of the Customs im "powered to seize, and bring the Goods to the King's Warehouses. Com, &c. may be carried coast wise, or to any of his Majesty's Plantations. India Company may supply their Settlements. Wheat, "(Ac. may be sent from the Port of Southampton, to the Iftes ot Jersey and Guernsey. Jamaica may "transport to the Bays of Honduras and Gampeacby. To give Account in Parliament. Malt declared to "be made for Exportation, before 6 Dec. 1740. to be allowed. His Majesty may grant Power to ex "the said Commodities. When Certificates of landing Corn, &c. shall be returned, 15 Geo. 2. c. 35-"

CAP. IV.

An Act to impewer Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Dcfmarette, to import a certain Quantity of Raw Silk of the Growth of Spain from Leghorn.

PR.

CAP. V.

An Act for making the Chapelry of Nether Knutsford, in the Pari (it of Rof thern, and County of Chester, a fepavate and chftinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, endowing the same, settling the Right of Presentation thereto, and other Purposes.

PR.

Vol. VI

4 io C 6.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

[Preamble.]

For former pro rjijic.ni concerning Sheep refer to 3 IJ. 6. C 2.

25 //. S. r.

£ Elix, C 3,

j3

sheep ftegling or dealing any Part of them, made Felony,

CAP. VI.

An Act to render the Laws more effectual for the preventing the Healing and destroying of

Sheep, and other Cattle.

WHEREAS diverse evil disposed Persons have of late more generally and frequently than was ever known before, made it their Practises secretly in the nighttime to drive away and steal great Numbers of Sheep, and likewise secretly in the nighttime to kill great Numbers of Sheep, and to drip off their Skins, and then deal the Carcases of the Sheep so killed, leaving their Skins behind to prevent Discoveries; and also in like Manner to kill great Numbers of Sheep, and then cut open the Sheep so killed, and take out and deal their inward Fat, leaving their Carcases behind to prevent being discovered; which wicked Practises many of his Majesty's good Subjects have been very greatly injured in their Properties, and put to very great Charges in having their Sheep and other Cattle watched: And whereas the Laws in Being have not proved effectual to prevent the Increase of the said wicked Practises Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time, from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, felonioudy drive away, or in any other Manner felonioudy deal, one or more Sheep or other.cattle of without Benefit any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or shall wilfully kill one or more Sheep or other Cattle of any 0 cle by other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a felonious Intent to deal the whole Carcase or Carcases, or any Explained by Part or Parts of the Carcase or Carcases of any one or more Sheep or other Cattle that shall be so killed, 15 Geo. 2. c. 34. or shall affid or aid any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences; that then the Person or Persons guilty of any such Offence, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, drall be ad judged guilty of Felony, and shall differ Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, taking and con U And for the Encouragement of such Persons as shall vigoroudy endeavour to discover, apprehend viaing Sheep and prosecute such Offenders as aforesaid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from dealers. and after the fird Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, all and every Person and Persons,

who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction, any Offender or Offenders guilty of any of the Offences herein before mentioned, shall have and receive, as a Reward upon every such Conviction, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be paid within one Month after such respective Conviction, by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed and done (without any Deduction whatsoever) to the Person or Persons so apprehending and prosecuting such Offender or Offenders, he or they tendering a Certificate to the Sheriff or Sheriffs signed by the Judge or Judges, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, certifying such Conviction, and where the Offence was committed, and that such Offender or Offenders was or were apprehended and prosecuted by the Perr Ion or Persons claiming the said Reward; which Certificate the said Judge or Judges are hereby authorised and required to sign accordingly, before the End of the same Sessions or aftizes, at which such respective Conviction shall happen to be; and in such Certificate shall direct and appoint (in case more than one Person shall claim a Right to the said Reward) what Share and Proportion thereof shall be paid to each Claimant; and if it shall happen that any such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall die or be removed before the Expiration of one Mouth after such Conviction, and Demand made of the said Reward (the same not being paid as aforesaid) that then the next succeeding Sheriff or Sheriffs shall pay the same Sheriff on De within one Month after Demand, and Certificate brought, as aforesaid; if Default of Payment of fault of Pay the said Sum or Sums of Money shall happen to be made by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, such Sheriff or menujoforfeit Sheriffs so making Default shall forfeit to the Person or Persons, to whom such Money is due as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money he or they ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their Executors or Administrators, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein but one Imparlance, and no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, with Treble Costs of Suit, by him or them expended in the Recovery of the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, their Executors and Administrators, upon producing such respective Certificates, and the Receipts for the Moneys paid by them in pursuance of this Act, shall be allowed, and are hereby empowered to deduct, upon their Accounts, all Moneys, other than double the Sum. or Sums of Money, and treble Costs of Suit, which they hall disburse as aforesaid; and that if upon Account of any Sheriff or Sheriffs there shall not be Money sufficient in the Hands of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, to reimburse him or them such Moneys paid by him or them by virtue of this Act, that then the Sheriff or Sheriffs, having so paid the said Moneys, shall have the same repaid by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, out of the Revenue of the Crown, upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that Effect.

Double the Sum.

[Treble Costs.]

Sheriff's how to be repaid.

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II.

C 7. 411

CAP. VII.

An Act for licensing the Importation of Vidual from Ireland and other Parts beyond the Seas into Scotland, in Time of Dearth and Scarcity.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the ninth act passed in the parliament of Scotland, holclcn by her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, intituled, An Act discharging Importation of Irish Victual, Beef and Cattle, the Importation of Victual from Ireland or any other Places beyond the Seas into Scotland, and tyre buying, selling and retailing the same were retrained and prohibited under several Penalties mentioned and contained in the said act, and in several former Acts of the Parliament of Scotland therein mentioned and referred to, and thereby ratified and ap proved, with this Proviso, that when by Reason of Dearth the Prices of Victual should exceed the following Rates, viz. Wheat twelve Pounds the Bole, Bear, Barley, Malt and Meal eight Pounds per Bole, and Oats and Peas six Pounds the Bole; the Lords of her majesty's Privy Council should have Power, after due Trial by them taken, to suspend and discharge the Execution of the said prohibitory Acts for such Space and Time as the Exigence of the said Dearth shall require, and no lon ger: And whereas by the sixth Article of the Treaty of Union it is stipulated, agreed and provided,

That the Prohibition as then in Force by the Law of Scotland against Importation of Victual from Ireland or any other Place beyond Sea into Scotland, should, after the Union, remain in the same Force as it then was, until more proper and effectual Ways should be provided by the Parliament of Great Britain for discouraging the Importation of the said Victual from beyond the Sea: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the first Parliament of Great Britain, in the sixth Year of the Reign

of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for rendering the Union of the tzvo Kingdoms more entire and eompleat; it was enacted, That from ancf after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall have but one Privy Council in or for the Kingdom of Great Britain, to be sworn to her Majesty, her

Heirs and Successors, as Sovereigns of Great Britain, and that such Privy Council should have the same Powers and Authorities as the Privy Council of England lawfully had, used and exercised at the Time of the Union, and no other; by Means whereof the Power of suspending the said Laws pro hibiting the Importation of victual into Scotland, cannot in any Time of Dearth and Scarcity, or on

any other Exigency, be exercised and put in Execution, which may be of dangerous and pernicious Consequence to his Majesty's Subjects of that Part of Great Britain Wherefore, for preventing and providing against the same, be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Power of suspending and discharging the Ex Power of fuf -- ecution of the said prohibitory Laws, which in and by the said Act of her late Majesty Queen Anne, jjfbitory Laws, passed in the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, in the Parliament of Scotland, was veiled in to be verted in the Lords of the Privy Council, final], from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand ljle judges of seven hundred and forty-one, be veiled in, and the same is hereby from thenceforth vested in the Judges courts "in

of the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, in Manner following; and any nine of Scotland, the said Judges in Time of Session, and any five of them in the Time of Vacance, shall and may, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to exercise and execute the said Power of Suspension, in as full, ample and extensive Manner as the Lords of the Privy Council of Scotland might or could have exercised and executed the same, before the said act of the sixth of Queen Anne, for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more eompleat, fiihjedt nevertheless to the Rules and Directions of this present Act': And for the ascertaining and determining the Prices of Victual, in order to authorise and warrant the Suspension of the said prohibitory Laws, according to the Tenor and Intention of the said Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, containing such Proviso for Suspension; Be it jiow and when enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thou co appiyforli sand seven hundred and forty-one, in any Time of Scarcity and Dearth it shall and may be lawful for vauahmo'*' any Person or Persons. desirous to import Victuals from Ireland or other Parts beyond the Seas into Scotland. Scotland, to apply, by a summary Petition, to the Judges of the Court of Session for Licence to import such Victual from Ireland or other Parts beyond the Seas into Scotland, and the said Judges are hereby authorised and required, immediately upon such Petition, to make Intimation thereof, by transmitting. a fair Copy of the same to the Clerk of the Peace for every Sheriffdom or Stewartry of Scotland, and to assign and appoint a Time, not exceeding fifteen Days from the Time of such Application, for hearing and examining the Proofs and Evidence herein after directed to be had and taken concerning the Premises; and in case such Application shall be made in Time of Vacance, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to apply, during such Vacance, by a summary Petition to the judge of the Court of Session who shall sit upon the Bills, for such Licence for Importation as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and required, upon such Petition, to make Intimation as aforesaid, and to assign and appoint a Time, not exceeding twenty Days from the Time of such Application, for the hearing and examining the Proofs and Evidence concerning the Premises, and to signify to the other Judges of the said respective Courts the Tenor and Purport of such Application, and the Time appointed for such Hearing and Examination thereupon as aforesaid; and the said Judges, or any nine of them in Time of Session, and any five of them in Time of Vacance respectively, are hereby authorised and required to summon and convene before them, within the Session court houfi: Edinburgh,

on the Day to be assigned and appointed, two or more honest and substantial Persons of the

4f2

C 7. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

County of Edinburgh, not being Corn Merchants nor Factors for Corn, nor any way interested or concerned in any Corn to be imported, and who shall each of them have and be in Possession of a Land Estate of four hundred Pounds Scots per Annum of valued Rent, and being skilful in the Price of Corn, and then and there upon the Oaths of such two or more Persons (and which Oath the said Judges, or any five of them, are hereby empowered to administer) and by such other Ways and Means as to them shall seem proper and necessary, to examine, inquire into and determine the common Market Prices of middling Corn and Grain and Oatmeal of the respective Sorts and Kinds above-mentioned, as the same shall and may be commonly bought in the said County and city of Edinburgh, and to six and ascertain the same by a proper Ad or Determination, to be subscribed under the Hand of one of the principal Clerks of Session, an authentic Copy of which Judgement and Determination shall be transmitted from the said Judges to the chief Officer or Collector of the Customs at the Port of Leith for the time being, and shall be by such chief Officer or Collector kept and hung up in the customhouse at Leith, and there be patent to all and every Person and Persons who shall desire to insped the same, and shall and may be seen and inspected accordingly without Fee or Reward; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons intending to import Victual into any Part of Scotland, or desirous to have such Victual imported, or for any Justice of Peace within any County in Scotland, to inquire and demand an authentic Extract or Exemplification of such Actor Determination from one of the said cieik's See. principal Clerks of Session under his Hand and Seal, paying the refore the Price of one Shilling and no more, and to deliver the same Extract or Exemplification to the Collector or chief Officer of any Port or Ports in Scotland, to be by him kept, hung up and made patent as aforesaid; and that such Extratit or Exemplification to be delivered, kept and hung up by such Collector or chief Officer in any Part of Scotland, which shall certify, declare and ascertain the current Prices of Victual in the said City fnceofviflual. and County of Edinburgh to exceed the Rates and Prices following; that is to say, Wheat three Pounds Scots, or five Shillings Sterling the Winchester Bushel, confiding of eight tvinchejhr Gallons; Bear and Barley one Pound seven Shillings Scots, or two Shillings and threepence Sterling the Winchester Bushel; Oats one Pound Scots, or one Shilling and eight Pence Sterling; Peas and Beans one Pound ten Shillings Scots, or two Shillings and sixpence Sterling the Winchester Bushel; and Oatmeal eight Pounds Scots, or thirteen Shillings and fourpence the Bole, weighing eight Stone Troys, shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Collector and other Officers of the several Ports in Scotland, to allow Victual from Ireland or other Parts beyond the Seas, to be entered, unshipped and landed without paying or being charged with any higher Duty than is herein after mentioned.

Persons who

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to have Power to and for the same Persons, who for the time being are by virtue of this Act authorised and required to Story Laws, " exercise and execute the said Power of Suspension as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively autho haveaifo Power rized and required, once in every thirty Days from the Time that such Suspension shall have taken t'take off such Effect (so long as there shall be an Occasion or Necessity for the same) by the Ways and Means herein open ion. before mentioned, directed and, appointed, or any of them, to examine and inquire into and determine the common Prices of middling Corn and Grain of the respective Sorts and Kinds above-mentioned; and in case upon such Inquiry it shall appear and be found, that the current Price of Victual in the said City and County of Edinburgh shall not exceed the Rates and Prices above-mentioned, upon which the Suspension directed and intended by this Act is to be founded, then, and in such Case, they are hereby authorised and required, by a proper Actor Instrument to be subscribed as aforesaid, to determine and ascertain the same, and transmit, or cause to be transmitted, authentic Extracts or Exemplifications of such Actor Instrument to the chief Officer or Collector of the Customs at the Port of Leith for the time being, and to the Collectors or chief Officers of all the other Ports in Scotland; and which said Extracts or Exemplifications shall be by such Officers respectively kept and hung up in the respective customhouses or Offices to which they respectively belong, and there be patent to all Persons who shall desire to inspect the same, and shall and may be seen and inspected accordingly without Fee or Reward; and such Extracts or Exemplifications shall be sufficient Notice to the Collectors and other Officers of the several Ports in Scotland, that the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Victual from Ireland or other Parts beyond the Seas are again revived and in Force, and an Authority for them to (top the entering, unshipping and landing the same.

Former Duties

III. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such and the same to be continued Customs and Duties shall be paid for any Corn or Grain imported by virtue and in pursuance of this aregumted Act, as are charged and directed to be paid upon foreign Corn imported, in and by an Act made and ai car. 2. C 13. passed in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle; and the said Custom and Duty shall be regulated by, and be collected and paid, according to the Rates and Prices to be settled, ascertained and determined in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise.

aftmcir.:.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Clauses and Provisions contained, as well in the C 'i and said Act of the two and twentieth of King Charles the Second, as in an Act made in the Second relating to pay Ye "r of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Custom payable for Corn and Grain im ment of Duties, ported; for better ascertaining the Price and Quantity of Corn and Grain, for which a Bounty is payable upon to remain in Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts; or in either of them, relating to the Payment and Recovery of such Duties, which are now in Force and unrepealed, shall extend to, take Place, and be in Force in that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland, and that all Offences there committed against any Parts of the said Acts above-mentioned, relating to the said Duties, shall and may be prosecuted in the Court of Session, or his Majesty Exchequer at Edinburgh.

A.D. 1741 Anno decmio quarto Georgii II.

C 8. 41

CAP. VIII.

An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti Preamble, re tuled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of heat Chester, reciting, That the Sands, Soil and Ground, commonly called The jfhite Sands, in the said co'2'c 3°' Act mentioned, were of great Breadth in some Places, and that the said River not being navigable was chiefly owing to the Breadth of the said Sands, and to the shifting of the Channel from one Side thereof to the other, as the Winds and Tides varied; and also, That the said White Sands were not, nor were likely to be, of any Benefit to any Person, unless the said River was bounded in, and made navigable, by Sea Walls, Banks and Fences, which would require a very great Expense, as well to erect as to maintain and repair, from time to time; and that if the said White Sands were recovered from the Sea by making Walls, Banks and Fences, and the Channel of the said River Dee was confined to one certain Course, it would not only effectually make the said River navigable, burr, veiling the said White Sands in the Undertakers of the said Navigation, would be a considerable Encouragement to the Undertaking j and also reciting. That the making the said River navigable would be a tvieans to advance the Trade of the said City of Chester, and that great Benefit would accrue thereby to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Towns and Countries adjacent to or near the said river; and it would also increase the Number of Seamen and Watermen, and promote the public Good of this Kingdom; Nathaniel Kinderley in the said Act named, his Heirs and Assigns, and such Persons as he, his Heirs and Assigns should nominate and appoint, under his or their Hand and Seal, should be and were by the said at appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, and empowered at their own Coifs and Charges to make and keep the said River Dee navigable from the Sea to a certain Point within the Liberty of the said City of Chester, called Wilcox Point, in such Manner that there should be sixteen Foot Water in every Part of the said River at a moderate Spring Tide, for Ships and vessels to come and go to and from the said City; and the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns and Nominees, had further Powers granted them by the said Act as therein mentioned; and as arecompence for the Expenses which the said Undertakers should be at in making the said River navigable, they were by the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty empowered, so soon as the said River was made navigable as in the said Act was expressed, to take and receive such Duties and Tonnage as in the said Act are mentioned; and certain Sands, Marshes and Salt Grass, in the said Act mentioned, were thereupon vested in the said Undertakers to and for their proper Use, under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned; and they were by the said Act directed to invert ten thousand Pounds in South Sea Annuities or other Government Securities, 1 in the Names of Thomas Revel, John Manley, and Benjamin Hoare, Esquires, and John Bland, Banker, to remain as a Fund to answer such Damages as should arise to the Owners oftands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Fisheries in the said Act mentioned, for the Space of three Years from and after the said Navigation should be fully completed, as in and by the said Act of Parliament will more fully appear: And whereas the said Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards by an Instrument in Writing, dated the ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, duly executed by him under his Hand and Seal, declare, That his Name was made use of in the said Act of Parliament, in Trust hr Thomas Watts and Richard Manley, Esquires, and such other Persons as they should appoint, to be concerned in the said Undertaking to make the said River Dee navigable, according to the Terms of the said Act; and the said Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards duly nominate certain Persons, being forty in Number, to be the Undertakers of the said Navigation: And by Indenture Quadrupartite made the ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, by and between the said Nathaniel Kinderley of the first Part; the said Thomas ifatts and Richard Manley of the second Part; Joseph Davis and William Parsons of London, Gentlemen, of the third Part; and ninety other Subscribers to the said Indenture, or to the Schedule thereof, of the fourth Part, and duly executed by all the said Parties thirty-six of which Subscribers to the said Indenture, or to the Schedule thereof, were Nominees of the said Nathaniel Kinderley, by him so nominated as aforesaid to be Undertakers of the said Navigation, the four other Persons nominated as Undertakers not having paid any Money to the said Undertaking, or subscribed thereto) it was agreed. That the said Subscribers should raise a joint Stock of forty thousand Pounds, in the Manner and on the Trurts therein after mentioned; which Trusts were, amongst other Things, to lay out the ten thousand Pounds, to be deposited as a Fund to an fwer the Damages before specified; also to lay out such Sums as should be necessary to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; and the Residue (if any) of the said forty thousand Pounds was to be in Trust for the said Subscribers, in 1 Proportion to the Sums by them respectively paid in; and it was by the said Indenture farther agreed;

1 That the Duties and Tonnage by the said Act made payable to, and the Sands, Soil, Ground,

Marshes and Salt Grass thereby vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns or Nominees, should be and remain to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Subscribers to the said Indenture, or to the Schedule thereto annexed, in Proportion to the Sums by them respectively paid, and to be paid, in pursuance of the said Indenture; and it was by the said Indenture agreed, That the said Joint Stock of forty thousand Pounds should be divided into four hundred Shares, each eonfifting of 1 one hundred Pounds, and that each of the Subscribers should be entitled to so many of the said Shares as he should have subscribed and paid in one hundred Pounds; and several Provfions were by the

414 0. q3 10. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 174

said Indenture made for the Management of the said Undertaking for recovering and preserving t 4 said Navigation, and of the Affairs relating thereto, as by the said Indenture may more fully appea I 4 And whereas the Moneys advanced and paid in and upon the said Indenture, having been laid out making the said Deposit of ten thousand rounds in South Sea Annuities, as in the said Act is diredie and for other the Purposes in the said Indenture mentioned, great Progress was thereby made in r 4 covering the said Navigation; but the same not being perfected, and it being necessary to raise fu tlier Moneys for that Purpose, it was by Deed Poll, bearing Date the seventeenth Day of August oi 1 thousand seven hundred and thirty-six (and executed by much the greater Part both in Number ai Value of the said Subscribers to the said Indenture) agreed to advance ten per Centum more on each their respective Subscriptions to the said Indenture, for the Purposes in the said Indenture expressi concerning the said forty thousand Pounds; and afterwards there being a Necessity to raise rurth Moneys for the perfecting the said Navigation, by another Deed Poll, bearing Date the third Day March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and executed likewise by much the greater Pa'in Number and Value of the said Subscribers to the said Indenture, it was agreed by the said Sul ' scribers to the said Deed Poll to advance twenty Pounds per Centum more on their respective Sul scriptions to the said Indenture, for perfecting the said Navigation; and whereas the Subscribers the said Indenture, and to the said Deeds Poll, and Undertakers of the said Navigation, having raise and paid in forty seven thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds, the same hath been laid out making the said Deposit of the ten thousand Pounds by the said Act directed, as a Fund to answ the Damages therein specified, and in cutting and making a new Channel for the said River D 4 through the adjacent Marshes, near ten Miles in Length, and in making a Dam and Sluices cross t! 4 laid old Channel of the said River, and deepening and lcouring thereof, and turning the said Riv< 4 into the said new Channel, and making other Works necessary for the recovering and preserving tl 6 Navigation of the said River, and in Charges necessarily attending the said Undertaking: And where the Joint Stock of the said Undertaking, which was to consist of forty thousand Pounds, having bet laid out as aforesaid, and proving infulfieient to answer the Purposes of the said Proprietors, it w 4 computed, that the Subscribers paying in first ten per Centum, and then twenty per Centum more C 4 their respective original Subscriptions to the said Indenture, would raise twelve thousand Pounds more which twelve thousand Pounds would be sufficient to answer the said Purposes: by reason of C 4 veral of the said Subscribers to the said Indenture not having subscribed the said Deeds Poll for tl Payment of the above-mentioned ten and twenty per Centum on their original Subscriptions to the fa Indenture, there was but forty seven thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds raised: And where; 4 the said Undertakers, at a general Meeting held the eleventh Day of December one thousand fevt hundred and forty, did agree, for the more effectual carrying on the said Undertaking in the me beneficial Manner tinder the said Act, and for preserving and feeuring the Works already made, ar inclosing and improving the Sands and Grounds vested by the said Act in the said Undertakers; 4 therein is mentioned, that the said Joint Stock Should conlift of and be fifty-two thousand Pound and that the said Subscribers should be allowed so much of the said Joint Stock, as shall be in Pra portion to the respective Sums paid in by each of them, and that what should remain unpaid of tl said fifty-two thousand Pounds Stock should be vested in the said Company, and that they would ei deavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for uniting and erefling the said Undertakers and Proprieto of the said Navigation of the said River Dee into a Company, for the better enabling them to answ the Purposes aforesaid, and for the better, settling and ascertaining their respective Interests in the Stoc of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Moneys by them respectively advanced, and to be at vanced as aforesaid, and for the prescribing a certain Method and Form of assigning their respectit Interests, in a short, easy and effectual Manner, for the common Good of the said Undertaking; an the said Undertakers have accordingly applied for such an Act to be passed: whereas it is reafor able and just, that the said Undertakers should obtain an Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, tsfe.

See farther Company may purchase Lands. General Court to make Calls and bylaws. Act 6 Geo. 2. c. 31

rjgco.z. c. 28. C to reina; n in Force. Not subject to Commissioners of Sewers."

36.0v0. s. C 35.

CAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and die Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. X

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King Jame the firlv, intituled An act for the recovering of small Debts, and for the relieving of pet Debtors in London.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of King James

; jac. 1. C 15. < the First, intituled An act for the recovering of small Debts, and for the relieving of poor Debits in London; it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That every Citizen and Freeman of the City C 4 London, and every other Person and Persons inhabiting, or that shall inhabit, within the said City C 4 die Liberties thereof, being a Tradesman, Victualler or a labouring Man, which then had or there 3 4 aft

D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 10. 415

'after should have any Debt or Debts owing unto him or them, not amounting to forty Shillings, by any Citizen, or by any other Person or Persons, being a Victualler, Tradesman or labouring Man, inhabiting, or that should inhabit within the said City or Liberties thereof, should or might cause such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or summoned by the Bedel or Officer of the Court of Requests of tyre said City of London for the time being, by Writing to be left at the dwelling house or such Debtor or Debtors, or by other reasonable Warning or Notice to be given to such Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests held in the Guildhall of the said City; and that the said Commissioners, or any three of them or more, should have Power and Authority by virtue of the said Act, from time to time, to set down such Order or Orders between such Party or Parties Plaintiffs, and his or their such Debtor or Debtors Defendants, touching such Debts not amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, in Question before them, as they should find to hand with Equity and good Conscience; all such their Order or Orders to be regiflrcd in a Book as they had been accustomed, and as well the Party Plaintiff, as the Debtor or Defendant, to observe, perform and keep the same in all Points: And whereas, since the making the said Act, diverse Persons intending to subvert the good and charitable Intent of the same, and taking hold of some doubtful and ambiguous Words therein, do endeavour to avoid the Jurisdiction of the said Court, contrary to the Meaning of the said Act: And whereas the Commissioners of the Court of Requests have been often insulted in the Execution of their Office, whilst employed solely in the charitable Purpose of relieving and assisting their poor and distressed Fellow Citizens: And whereas by the said recited Act, no provision is made for the securing of the Persons of the said Commissioners from such Insults: whereas in the said recited Act there is but one Officer, by the Name of Bedel or Officer, mentioned to attend the Execution of all the Orders of the said Court; and by reason of the Increase of the Number of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties since the passing the said Act, the Business of the said Office of Bedel or Officer is so increased, that it is become too heavy and laborious for one Person singly to execute and discharge the lame agreeably to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, by which Means the poor Suitors are deprived of a great Part of the Benefit intended for them by the said Act For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that some more full and ample Provision lay be made for the Benefit of the poor Suitors, for whole Relief and Advantage the said Court was iginally instituted; it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ing's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and tem oral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That om and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, it flrall and py be lawful to and for every Citizen and Freeman of the City of London, and every other Person and er fons inhabiting, or that shall hereafter inhabit, within the said City or the Liberties thereof; and all Debts not ex id every Person or Persons who do or shall rent or keep any Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or seek a ceeding 40s. livelihood in the said City or Liberties, thereof, which now have or hereafter shall have any Debt or [° thj&hut* >ebts owing unto him, her or them, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, by any Person or Per of Requests in ns whatsoever inhabiting or seeking a Livelihood within the said City or Liberties thereof, during their London,; spective inhabiting within the said City or Liberties thereof, or seeking a Livelihood as aforesaid, to mfe such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or summoned by any of the Bedels or Officers of the said lourt of Requests for the time being, by Writing left at the dwelling house, Lodgings, Shop, Shed, tall or Stand, or any other Place of seeking a Livelihood of such Debtor or Debtors, or by any other lasonable Warning or Notice to be given to the said Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the commissioners of the said Court of Requests, held in the Guildhall of the said City, and that the said Commissioners, or any three of them or more, shall, after such Summons as aforesaid, have Power and authority by virtue of this Act, from time to time, to set down, or cause to be set down, such Order jir Orders, between such Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and his, her or their Debtor or debr rs, Defendant or Defendants, touching such Debts, not exceeding the said Sum of forty Shillings, in ^ueftion before them, as they shall find to stand with Equity and good Conscience, all such Order or >rders to be registered in a Book as they have been accustomed to be; which Order or Orders so made, s well the Party Plaintiff, as the Debtor or Defendant, shall observe, perform and keep in all Points; ny thing in any Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And, for the more effectual establishing of the said Court, and the better enforcing the Orders which shall be made by the said Commissioners, and that the said Commissioners may be free and ex mpt from any Insult or Abuses; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or pena]t. i'ersons shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, contemptuously affront, insult or person infuit buse all or any of the Commissioners of the said Court, during the Time of their sitting, that it shall ing the Cowc, nd may be lawful to and for the Commissioners then sitting, or any three of them, to certify under tieir Hands and Seals the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and the 'lature of his, Iter or their Offence, to the Lord Mayor of the said City of London for the time being, vho is hereby empowered and required to summon, or cause to be summoned, such Person or Persons 0 offending as aforesaid, before him, at such Time as shall be specified in the said Summons; and upon iis; her or their Appearance, and the Fact alleged being proved upon the Oath or Oaths of one or aore credible Witness or Witnesses against him, her or them, or in Default of his, her or their ap iefrance; then, and in every such Case, the said Lord Mayor shall proceed to punish the Person or Perms so offending as aforesaid, by Fine or Imprisonment or both; provided that the Fine on any one, 'erson do not exceed tyre Sum of twenty Shillings, and that the Imprisonment be for no longer Time' han ten Days.

416 C II 12. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 174:

III. And: b. c. it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the nonpayment of the fa e lecovcie. p; northeast or pjnes f0 to ije jinposed or set upon every Person convicted of offending as aforesaid, it shall ar; ?nay be lawful for the said Lord Mayor to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, fi Jevying the said Fine or Fines so imposed on the Goods and Chattels of every Offender, and to causale to be made thereof in case they mall not be redeemed in five Days, rendering to every such Perfc the Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distre and Sale; which Fine or Fines, when levied or received by virtue of this Act, shall be paid over ini the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein every such Offendi shall, at the Time of such offence committed, inhabit, dwell or seek a Livelihood, towards the Sui port and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

Number of offi

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more expeditious, convenier ctrs incruafed. anc] beneficial Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests, i regard to the Benefits accruing to the poor Suitors therein, that the Number of Bedels or Officers t attend the said Court, and be employed in the Execution of the Orders of the said Commissioners, ma by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, from time to time, be enlarged t two Bedels or Officers or more, not exceeding four, as the Increase of the Business of the said Cow of Requests shall render it most convenient for the poor Suitors therein, according to the Discretion the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen.

The former Act V. Provided always, That the said former at, and all Provisoes, Powers, Clauses, Matter to remain in and Things therein contained (not hereby altered or otherwise provided for) shall continue and b in full Force, and extend to all and every Person or Persons to whom this present Act dothorffia extend.

Limitation of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be borough Actions. or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuanc of this Act, or the said recited Act, then, and in such Case, the Action or Suit shall he brought commenced within six Months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be lai and brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere; the Defendant or Defendants in fuc General Jfliie. Action or Suit to be brought shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this, and the said recite Ad, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if die Plaintiff or Plain tiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant o Double Costs. Defendants shall and may recover double Costs, and have such Remedy for the same, as any De fendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

Public Act,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudgo and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices an other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XI.

An act for supplying the City of Gloucester with fresh Water.

PR.

[Preamble.]

s Tl WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester suffer many Inconveniences for wanto being supplied with a sufficient Quantity of good and pure Water for their necessary Occasions !< present Alethod of supplying the said City with Water having been found ineffectual: And wherea good and pure Water is capable of being coaveyed to the said City, from certain fresh Springs iffuin; 1 out of or near to a Hill called matfon's Hill, otherwise Robin hood's Hill, in the Manor and Parish o " Matson, Part of the Estate of John Selwyn, Esquire: whereas the said John Selwyn is willing anc consenting that such Water should be made use of for the Purpose aforesaid; the Mayor, Alder men, and Common Council of the said City, are desirous to contract and agree with any Person 01 ' Persons willing to undertake such Work, with proper Restrictions and Covenants for the due anc effectual complicating the same: But as such Undertaking cannot be carried on and completed unless Powers necessary for that Purpose be given by parliament may it please your most Excellent majesty that it may be enacted, fsv.

"Mayor of Gloucester, C may contract with any Persons to convey 'Water to Gloucester City; and tc "make Reservoirs ike. and enter and dig in private Grounds to lay Pipes, isc. or to re "or alter the same. If any Disputes arise. Sheriffs may summon a Jury to settle the same, anc "give Satisfaction for Damages. Undertakers not to dig in private Grounds till they have satisfied the "Owners. Undertakers to make good the Ground after laying their Pipes. Penalty on Persons hin "the Workmen breaking Ground after Satisfaction made'

CAP. XII.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, For repairing the Roads lending from Seven Oaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to kipping's Cross' in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurif Pound and pullen's Hill in the said County; and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex.

PR.

The former Acts 8 Ann. and u Geo. i. C 15. are further continued for 21 Years.

8

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by three several Acts made in the ninth and twelfth years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the Roads lying in the Middle and South Divisions of the said Highways.

PR.

The former Acts are further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry (which divides the ljle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon) to hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge at Somersham Towns End tn the said County.

PR.

The former Act is further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XV.

An Act for finishing and completing the Parish Church of Gainshorough in the County of Lincoln.

PR.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Reads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea and Fulham, and other Parmes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of Saint George, Planover Square, and the said parishes of Kensington and Chelsea.

PR.

The Tolls are further continued for 21 Years,

CAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent Inconveniences arising from Delays of Causes after I flue joined.

WHEREAS many great Inconveniences have arisen to the Subjects of this Kingdom by Means of delaying the Trials of Causes between Party and Party after ililie joined; 'For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any lftue is or shall be joined in any Ablion or Suit at Law in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, the Court of great Session for the Principality of Wales, the Court of great Section for the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Court of Pieas for the County Palatine of Durham, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit hath or have neglected, or shall neglect, to bring Inch Ilfue on to be tried according to the Course and Practice of the said Courts respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, at any Time after such Neglect, upon Motion made in open Court (due Notice having been given thereof) to give the like Judgement for the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, as in Cases of Nonsuit, unless the said Judge or Judges shall upon just Cause and reasonable Terms allow any further Time or Times for the Trial of such issue; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall neglect to try such Ifftie within the Time or Times so allowed, then, and in every such Case, the said Judge or fudges shall proceed to give such Judgement as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Judgments given by virtue of this Act shall be of the like Force and Effect as Judgments upon Nonluit, and of no other Force or Eft'edt.

III. Provided also, That the Defendant or Defendants shall upon such Judgement be awarded his, her or their Costs, in any Action or Suit where he, she or they would upon Nonsuit be entitled to the same, and in no other Action or Suit whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, no Indictment, Information or Cause what foe ver shall be tried at Nfi prius before any Judge or Justice of Assize or Nisi prius, or at the Sittings in London or U'estminster, where the Defendant or Defendants reside above forty Miies from the said Cities respectively, unless Notice of Trial in Writing has been given at lead ten Days before such intended Trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Party or Parties shall have given sich Notice of Trial as aforesaid, and shall not afterwards duly countermand the same in Writing, at lead six Days before such intended Trial, every such Party shall be obliged to pay unto the Party or Parties to whom such Notice of Trial shall have been given as aforesaid, the like Costs and Charges as if such Notice of Trial had not been countermanded.

[Preamble.]

On the pilin tiff Negiedi to bring on an l(sue tfct Trial, the Com t may give Judgement as in case of Nonsuit.

Judgement given by this act to have the Jike Force as Judgments' on Nonsuit.

Defendant on such Judgement to have Costs. Defendant living 40 Miles uif shall have ro Days Notice of Trial.

Notice of Trial may be countermanded 6 Days before the Trial intended.

Cap. XVIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose "taking "the Oaths of the Act 1 Geo. i. and receiving the Sacrament, by 28 Nov. 1741. indemnified and re capacitated. But Persons not hereby redored to Places already avoided or filled up. EXP."

CAP. XIX.

An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Red House near Doncaster to Wakefield; and through the said Town of Fakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York. PR

Certain Tolls are granted from 20 May 1741, for 21 Years.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend the Law concerning Common Recoveries, and to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, so far as the same relates to Estates fur auter Vie.

'ri&m Lie.

'or former Lull's sneer fling Reentries, refer to 1 Ed. 1. C 11.

3 Ed. 1. C 4.

II. 3. r. 4.

1 H. 2. C 15.

Eliz, C 8.

Common Recoveries to be valid, without surrender of Freehold Leases.

What shall make Common Recoveries Valid.

Proviso,

Evidence to be allowed of Common Recoveries.

WHEREAS several Leases have been heretofore, and are hereafter likely to be made, of Ho nors, Cadies, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for one or more Life or Lives, ' under particular Rents thereby reserved, and to be reserved: And whereas procuring Surrenders of such Freehold Leases, or the Tenants thereof to join, in order to make Tenants to the Writs of Entry or other Writs for differing Common Recoveries, frequently occasions great Trouble, Difficulty and Expence to Tenants in Tail, and the same cannot in many Cases be obtained, by reason of the Uncer tainty in whom the legal Estate of Freehold under such Leases is veded, and also by reason of the Dif ' abilities and Incapacities of such Lessees, or Persons claiming under them, by Means whereof Purchases and Family Settlements are often delayed, and may be in great Danger of being defeated, if some pro per Remedy be not provided For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Common Recoveries differed or to be differed in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record in the Principality of Wales, or in any of the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court having Jurisdiction of the same, of any Honours, Cadies, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, without any Surrender or Surrenders of such Lease or Leases, or without the Concurrence, or any Conveyance or Assurance from such Lessee or Lessees, or other Person or Persons claiming under such Lessee or Lessees, in order to make good Tenants to the Writs of Entry, or other Writs, whereupon such Recoveries have been or shall be had or differed, diall be as valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Lessee or Lessees, or any other Person or Persons claiming under him, her or them, had' conveyed or joined in conveying, or dial) convey or join in conveying, a good Estate of Freehold to such Person or Persons as has or have been, or shall become. Tenant or Tenants to such Writs of Entry, or other Writs, whereupon such Common Recoveries have been or shall be differed.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained diall extend, or be condrued to extend, to make any Common Recoveries valid and effectual in Law, unless the Person or Persons entitled to the fird Estate for Life, or other greater Estate (in case there be no such Estate for Life in Being) in reversion or Remainder next after the Expiration of such Leases has or have by some lawful Act or Means conveyed or assured, or joined in conveying or adoring, or shall by some lawful Act or Means corvey or allure, or join in conveying or alluring, an Estate for Life at the lead, to such Person or Persons as has or have been, or shall become Tenant or Tenants to the Writs of Entry, or other Writs, v.l ere upon such Common Recoveries have been or diall be differed.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act. contained shall be condrued to extend to prejudice the Estate of such Lessee or Lessees, or any Person or Persons claiming any Intered under such Lessee or Lessees.

IV. And whereas, by the Default or Neglect of Persons employed in differing Common Recoveries, ' it has happened, and may happen, that such Recoveries are not entered on Record, whereby Purchasfers for a valuable Confiaeration may be defeated of their jud Rights; 'For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons hath or have purchased, or shall purchase, for a valuable Consideration, any Estate or Estates in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof a Recovery or Recoveries is, are or were necessary to be differed, in order to complete the Title, such Person and Persons, and all claiming under him, her or them, having been in Podeffioii of the purchased Estate or Edatcs from the Time of such Purchase, shall and may, after the End of twenty Years from the Time of such Purchase, produce in Evidence the Deed or Deeds, making a Tenant to the Writ or Writs of Entry, or other Writs for differing a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, and declaring the Uses of a Recovery or Recoveries, and the Deed or Deeds so produced (the Execution thereof being duly proved) shall in all Courts of Law and Equity be deemed and taken as a good and sufficient Evidence for such purchaser.and Purchasers, and those claiming under him, her

419

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 21, 22.

or them, that such Recovery or Recoveries was or were duly suffered and perfcdled according to the Purport of such Deed or Deeds, in case no Record can be found of such Recovery or Recoveries, or the same should appear not to be regularly entered on Record: Provided always, that the Person or Persons Protifo. making such Deed or Deeds as aforesaid, and declaring the Uses of a Common Recovery or Recoveries, had a sufficient Estate and Power to make a Tenant to such Writ or Writs as aforesaid, and to suffer such Common Recovery or Recoveries.

V. And whereas it has frequently happened, that the Deeds for making the Tenants to the Writs of Entry or other Writs for suffering Common Recoveries, have been lost, or that the Fines or Deeds,

making the Tenants to the said Writs, have not been levied or executed till after the Judgement given in such Recoveries, and the Writ of Soism awarded, by Reason whereof great Doubts have arisen, whe there such Recoveries, for want of proper Tenants to the writs, are good and cffcdfual in law; '

To prevent such Doubts for the future, and in order to render Common Recoveries more certain and eifetflual, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Common Recovery already suffered, Common te or hereafter to be suffered, iltal1, after the Expiration of twenty Years from tile Time of the suffering ^r'ijud iu'm thereof, be deemed good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, if it appears upon the Face of such Rc Years! ih" i; U covcry, that there was a Tenant to the Writ; and if the Persons joining in such Recovery had a suffi deemed valid, cient Estate and Power to suffer the same notwithstanding the Deed or Deeds for making the Tenant to such Writ Should be lost or not appear.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Commencement of Recovery tot this Act, every Recovery already suffered, or hereafter to be suffered, shall be deemed good and valid shou'/iftlfedeed to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding the Fine, or Deed or Deeds, making the Tenant to be executed af fuclt Writ, Should be levied or executed after the Time of the Judgement given in such Recovery, and the Time, the Award of the Writ of Seiiln as aforesaid, provided the same appear to be levied or executed before

the End of the Term, Great Session, Session or Afftzes, in which such Recovery was suffered, and the Persons joining in such Recovery had a sufficient Estate and Power to suffer the same as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this at contained flail extend, or be construed to extend, to whatrecovc make any such Common Recovery heretofore suffered valid and effectual in Law, which has been avoid ries not to be CD by any lawful Act or Means, or which shall hereafter be avoided by Entry duly made on or before the ma s vai'" fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty, or by Judgement or Decree had or obtained upon some Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, commenced or to be commenced on or before the said fifteenth Day of January, and prosecuted with due Diligence; but every such Common Recovery shall remain and be of such Force and Fifed! only, as the same would have been if tills Act had never been made, and of no other Force or Effect.

VIII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prejudice or affect! any Que Provifa,

(lion of Law, which may arise upon Common Recoveries not remedied or intended to be remedied by

this Act; but all such Common Recoveries shall remain and be of such Force and Effect, as the same would have been if this Act had never been made, and of no other Force or Fifed!.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-ninth year of the Reign of King Charles the Southeast 20car. 2. C 5.

cond, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, among! other Things, it is enacted, That l9jff f, {' 6> ' Estates pur outer Pie, whereof no Devise Should be made, should, in case there lliouk! be no special Occupant thereof, go to the Executors or Administrators of the Party that had the Estate thereof by virtue of the Grant, and should be Assets in their Hands: And whereas Doubts have arisen, where no Devise has been made of such Estates, to whom the Surplus of such Estates, after the Debts of such deceased Owners thereof are fully satisfied, shall belong Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Estates pur outer Vie, in case there be no special Occupant thereof, of which no Devise shall Surplus of ff have been made according to the said Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries, or so much thereof jr

as shall not have been so devised, shall go, be applied and distributej, in the same Manner as the personal Estate of the Testator or Intestate. devised.

CAP. XXL

An Act to indemnify Protestant purchasers of Estates of Papiils, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to, for not having inrolltd their Estates, in pursuance of an Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King gf.orce the First, for that Purpose "Time given to "inroll Purchases made before 29 Sept. 1741, to 27 March 1742. Judgments already given not to "be made void."

EXP.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, fertile further Term of seven Years; and for allowing Rock Sait to be used in making of Salt front Seawater at the Salt Works at Neath in the County of Glamorgan. "Clause of Loan for r, 200, coal, at "4l. per C nt. Treasury to take an Account of the said "Moneys raised by Loan or Exchequer Bills,

"at Michaelmas 1742. Deficiency to be made good out of the next Aids granted after Michaelmas "1742, or Sinking Fund, and replaced out of the next Supplies. Surplus to be disposed of by Par "EXP.

XIX. AND whereas by an Act made in the first: Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen 1 Ann. jij.

1 LX Anne, it is enacted, That no Rock Salt whatsoever shall be refined or made into White

Salt in any Place or Places whatsoever within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, or Town Iff, " " '12.^' of Berwick upon Tweed., except in such Places as are or shall be within ten Miles Distance of the respects, A, f.29!

H h h 2 ' tive

*120

6 Ann. C 12,

9 Ann,.23.

12 rftfn/j. j?. 2.

C 2.

5 go. i. f. x8.

6 Ctfo. X f, X j,

8 Geo. i. C 4 © 76.

11 Geo. I. f. 30. 3 gvo. 2. C 20.

<; gvo. 2. f. 6. ' 8 cvc. 2. <. 12,

Rock Salt may be used in making; Salt at Neath; To as his Majesty's Duties he secured.

fr.' fat: ber 26 g\ff. 2. C 3 '<2? 32.

Preamble

C 23^ 24. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

tive Pit or Pits from whence such Rock Salt shall be taken, or at such Places as on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and two, shall have been used for the refining Rock Salt, under a Penalty therein expressed: whereas there hath been anciently an House or Place in which Rock Salt has been refined or made into White Salt before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and two, near the Sea between Neath and Swanzey, in the County of Glamorgan, in South Wales, but the same is now, and hath been for many Years, covered with Sand, and become entirely useless, and the Country thereabouts (being at a very great Distance from any other Salt Works) have been thereby deprived of the Benefit of being supplied with Salt as formerly: And whereas certain Salt Works have been credted at great Charges at Neath aforesaid, about four or five. ' Miles Distance from the Place before mentioned, for the making of White Salt from Seawater, and upon several Occasions Rock Salt would be very useful to strengthen the Brine in the said Works, when weakened by fresh Water or other Accidents; but the proper Use of the said Salt Works not being for the refining Rock Salt, it hath been doubted whether Rock Salt might be there used For preventing such Doubts for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Rock Salt may be soused in the making Salt from Seawater in the said Salt Works at Neath aforesaid; thing in the said Act for in any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding, so as his Majesty's Duties for all the Salt proceeding as well from the said Rock Salt as from the Seawater be duly charged, answered and paid to his Majesty's Use.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for repairing the Road from wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called ivechni in the Townt nip of hen]all, and from Pontefract to jventbridge, in the Township of Barrington, in the West Riding of the County of York.

PR.

Certain. Tolls are granted from 10 May 1741, for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level in the county of , Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor.

PR.

WHEREAS certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes of

Waterbeach and jvicken, in the County of Cambridge, and in Streiham and Tkctford, in the ijte of Ely, and County aforesaid, commonly called jvaterbeaeh Level, containing in the whole four than band five hundred Acres of Land, or thereabouts; two thousand five hundred Acres 'whereof, or there about, are commonable Lands, and the rest are Severals; the greatest Part of which said Lands are within the Manor of Waterbeach cum Benny, and the rest are within the Parishes of jvicken, Strethant,

and Thetford aforesaid, and are bounded as follows, videlicet, from the Brewhouse in Waterbeach Mil ' load Fen, near the West: Bank of the River Grants to that Bank, and along the West Side of that Bank to Harrymcre Head, at the old River Oivze, and from thence by the South Side of the South Bank of the said River Ouize, to Stretham Ferry, and from thence by the Salt Side of Stretkam Ferry Bank, to

Clattering Hill, including the lowlands of Chittering Fen, as now flaked and meared out and from Chittering Hill to Benny Farm Grounds, including all the lowlands thereto adjoining, belonging tc Benny Farm aforesaid; from thence, including all the rest of the lowlands cf Chittering Fen ' aforesaid, as are also now slaked and meared out, to Waterbeach Joyjt Fen; and from thence, indu ding the said Joyji P en, and all the lowlands belonging to Benny Farm aforesaid. to live

said Joyjl Fen, and also the lowlands lying between Chittering Hill and Jcyf Fen aforesaid, to jva terbehcb Bannel, or Benny Sheep Walk, including all the lowlands belonging to the said Bannel 01

Sheep Walk, as the same are now also slaked and meared out; and from thence by the West Side ol 1 Midload. Fen, including all the Lands called B miners Grounds, and all the said Midload Fen, to the Brewhouse aforesaid (excluding all the said Banks, and the ware dikes thereof) are so subject tc Inundations through the Defects of their Outfalls to Sea, that the same are but of very little Benefit or Advantage to the Owners and Occupiers of those Grounds, or to the Commoners having Right of Common on the Commonable Parts thereof and.cannot be preserved without the Aid of Parliament.

to enable the said Owners and Commoners to drain and keep the same drained for tyre future; 2nd a 4 the said Fen Lands and low Grounds are in their own Nature very rich ami fertile, great Benefit anc Advantage will accrue thereby, not only to the said Owners and Commoners, but to tyre Public II 4 general: And whereas the Lord of the Manor of jvaterbeaeh cum Benny aforesaid, and the Common

having Right of Common, as well within the said Level, as in other Parts of the said Manor have entered into Articles of Agreement in Writing, for the settling and adjusting their several anc respective Rights of Common witlfin the said Manor, and the Number and Stint of Cattle to be kepi thereon, and for the better Regulation and Government of the said Common, for the future y and wjiicl laid Agreement is as follows; (that is to say)

Articles of Agreement had, made, concluded and agreed upon the tenth Day of November in th fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, 0'Great Britain, France and Ireland; King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 24.

'our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, between Peter Standley of Long Melford in the County of Suffolk Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny in the County of Cambridge,

'of the one Part, and the Owners of the several and respective ancient commonable messuages in Waterbeach aforesaid, whole Names are hereunto subscribed, of the other Part.

CI. Whereas the several and reflective Persons whose Names are hereunto subscribed, are Owners and Proprietors of the several and ancient Commonable messuages in Waterbeach aforesaid, and have severally a Right of Common in the several Commonable, Waite and Fen Grounds in Waterbeach,

without Number or Stint; and for the better regulating and (Tinting the same, have come to the fol lowing Agreement;

II. It is hereby covenacted, concluded and agreed between the said Parties, that the said Peter Stand lay shall and will give up and quit Claim all Manner of Right of taking in any Number or Sort of Joyft Cattle into any of the Commonable Wades and Fen Grounds in Waterbeach aforesaid; Own ' ers of the said several Commonable messuages in Waterbeach paying yearly, and every Year, between the first and tenth Days of July, yearly, to the said Peter Standley, his Heirs and Assigns, at or in the capital mansion house called Denny Abbey, in Waterbeach aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings per House or Common; and that in case of Failure in Payment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Peter Standley, his Heirs or Assigns, Steward or Agent, to drive and take any of the Cattle feeding and depaftursd in any of the said Commons, of such Person or Persons as shall neglect or refuse to pay the same (being demanded) and the same to detain, keep and impound by way ot Distress for five Days;

and that if the said Arrear be not in that Time duly paid, then to sell ami dispose thereof; and after Payment and Satisfaction of such Arrears, together with the Charge of maintaining the said Cattle, to return the Overplus to the Owner thereof; and' if there be no Cattle upon the Common belonging to such particular Tenant, so neglecting or refusing Payment, that then the rest of the Commoners in water

leach aforesaid, having Cattle there, shall make good and pay such. Deficiency on or before the twen tieth Day of July yearly; and in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Peter Standley to taka and distrain the Cattle of any other of the said Commoners, having Cattle, and the same in like Man ner to detain and impound, and in Default of Payment within five Days after fuel; Distress. Tama to sell and dispose towards Satisfaction of such Arrear, together with the Charge of maintaining tha same, returning the Overplus to the Owner, and so from time to time, as often as it shall so happen.

II. I That the Fen called Joyft Fen shall be freed and cleared of all Manner of Cattle, from Candle mas day to the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, Horses excepted; and that the Fen called Midlott,

or Midload, shall be freed and cleared of all Manner of Cattle from candlemas day, to the first Day of May, yearly.

IV. That for each and every Common, the Owner or Occupier shall and may feed fifteen milched* Cows or dry Neat Cattle, and eight Sheep, or ten Cows and five Mares or Geldings, and no more, and'

4 to abate a Cow for every Colt, after it is one Year old; and that three Weanling Calves of the first Year shall be deemed as one Cow; and that two yearling Neat Cattle, to be likewise deemed as one Cow; '.and that for every four Commons there shall be kept by the Owners or Occupiers thereof, one Bull yearly, from the first Day of May to the tenth. Day of October; and that for every Eeaft fed and depa ftured on the said Commons, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of these Articles, there shall be forfeited and paid to the Lord of the said Manor for the time being, the Stun of ten.shillings for every Time such Offence shall be committed, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

V. And that for the better enforcing the due Observance of the said Regulation and Stint, there shall

yearly chosen on the Thursday next before curi/bnas day, in the said Parish Church, four Fenreeves

commoners and Dwellers in the said Parish of Waterbeach, by the major Part of the Owners and Oc 4 copiers of the said Commons, then and therefore that Purpose assembled, to continue in the said Office for one Year then next ensuing, and no longer, who shall severally, within one Week after such Election, take upon themselves the said Office for one. Year from the Day of such Election, on Pain of severally forfeiting five Pounds apiece to the Lord of the said Manor for the time being, and to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale, as aforesaid; that in such Election, every Occupier of a Common shall have a Vote for every Common he holds,

VI. That the said Fenreeves so to be elected and chosen yearly, shall and may, 'By and with the Consent of the major Part of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Commons in Waterbeach aforesaid,

upon any Inundation of Water and Floods, by Order or Orders in Writing, take off and diminlfh such and so many Cattle of the Number above-mentioned, as the Necessity of the Case in their Judgments may require, so as such Order or Orders are made to extend equally to all Parties concerned; and pre vided such Order or Orders be published in the Parish Church of Waterbeach aforesaid, the Sunday Morning next following the making thereof, immediately after Divine Service; and that the better to enforce a due Observation of such Order or Orders so to be made as aforesaid, there shall be forfeited "and paid to the Lord of the said Manor for the time being, ten shillings.for every Bead, and for every Time that they be taken offending contrary, to such Order or Orders, so to be made as aforesaid; that it shall and may be lawful for the said Fenreeves, or any or either of them, to take and impound the Cattle of such Offender or Offenders, who shall presume to put on and feed contrary to such. Ory der or Orders, and the same to detain and keep for five Days'; and then if fhch Penalties and for feitures be not paid, to fed and dispose of such Cattle towards Satisfaction of the said Penalty, rendering the Overplus, first deducting the Charge of keeping the same.

VII. That if upon any Floods or Inundation of Water, the Fenreeves for the time being fhalh think, it necessary for the better securing the Banks, or scouring the Ditches and Drains belonging to the said'

422

Commonable Fens and Waste Grounds, that the same be done by a common day work; and then upon public Notice to be by them given for that Purpose, by sending a Bell about the Town, every

Owner or Occupier of a Common there, if, all come in at the Time appointed and do the same, or i ' send a sufficient able-bodied Man for every House or Common, with proper working Tools, and in Dec

fault, and Neglect thereof, to forfeit and pay to the said Fenreeves eighteen Pence per Day, for every' Day, for every House or Common, not performed as aforesaid, to be employed and bellowed in amend C ing and repairing the Banks, or scouring the Drains as aforesaid; and that for defraying suchlike and otjrer necessary and incident Charges of Gates, Bars, Bridges and other Things, it shall and maybe lawful for the said Fenreeves, or any one of them for the time being, by and with the Consent or the major Part, of the Commoners, Inhabitants of Waterbeach aforesaid, who shall, upon Notice to be given to meet in the Parish Church of Waterbeach aforesaid, for that Purpose be assembled, to make a

Rate or Rates upon the Occupiers of the several Commonable Messuages or Tenements at Waterbeach aforesaid, which Rate or rates shall from that time be allowed and confirmed by one or more Justice

Justices of the Peace for the said County, and to be then levied on such as shall neglect or refute the

Payment thereof, by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, and so from time to time as Occasion shall require.

Provided, That if any think himself or themselves aggrieved by such Rate or Rates, Appeal may be

+made at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County where the same shall be heard and finally determined; and that the said Fenreeves, or such of them as shall receive any Money, either by Rate or otherwise, belonging to the said Office, shall within one Week after the Year for which he shall be so chosen and serve, make a true, full and perfect Account of all his Receipts and Disbursements in the said Office, and pay the Balance thereof (if any shall remain] to the next succeeding Fenreeves, some or one of them; upon Pain of forfeiting to the Lord of the said Manor for the time being, five Pounds for every Month such Account shall remain unsettled, or the Balance

thereof (if any] unpaid, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale as aforesaid in which Account it shall be lawful for the said Fenreeves to retain in their respective Hands the Sum of twenty Shillings for their Care and Pains in the premisses.

VIII. That the Owner or Occupier of the Rectory of Waterbeach for the time being may keep four score Sheep in the Town Flock, which fourfcorc, as well as those herein before limited and appointed to be kept by the Commoners, are only to go, departure and feed in such Places, and at such Times only, as the Sheep have heretofore usually done in Waterbeach aforesaid; that the Flock kept or to be kept by the said Peter Standby] or his Tenant or Tenants of the Farm now in the possession of John Hemington, shall not exceed four hundred in Number, and shall not go or departure in hill field farther than Millway in Waterbeach aforesaid, that the Denny Abbey Flock shall not exceed eight hundred in Number, and shall not go in Home Earmold or jvingfola, or any of the Town Fields; and that there may be kept in the Town Flock two Sheep for every live Acres of Arable Land in jvaterbea'h aforesaid,

by the Owner or Occupier thereof; and that Lambs be deemed Sheep upon the eleventh Day of Ns

weber yearly.! 1-

IX. That for the better distinguishing every one's Cattle, the Owner or Owners thereof shall yearly,

before they be put upon the Common, brand them with a pitched Brand, with the first Letter of Chri rtian and Surname, and deliver a Copy of such Brand to the Fenreeves, or one of them, on or before the first Day of March yearly; cn Pain of forfeiting to the Lord of the said Manor for the time being,

£ for every Beast not branded as aforesaid, and for every Time they shall be found there not branded as 1 aforesaid, twelve Pence per Head, and for neglect or refusing to deliver a Copy of the Brand as aforesaid, "

five Shillings per Week, so long as the same shall remain undelivered, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale aforesaid.

X That for clearing and taking away all future Doubts, it is hereby declared and agreed, That the chief Capital mansion house of the said Peter Standby, in Waterbeach aforesaid, called Denny Abbey, is.

and shall from henceforth always be deemed to be a Commonable House in Waterbeach aforesaid.

XI. That an Act of Parliament, if it can or may be obtained, for the better establishing and better

enforcing the due Execution of these Presents in such Manner as Counsel shall advise, so as not to en large the Number or Stint of Cattle herein before limited. In Witness whereof the Parties first above named to these present Articles, have hereunto set their. Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above

written.

Peter Standby, Sic.

May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, is'e.

"Commissioners may tax the Occupiers of Fen Lands; and may borrow Money on the Tax, and pay "5 /. percent. Interest. Inspection of Accounts to be had annually by the Commissioners. Coisynif "iioners for Waterbeach Level not to interfere with those of Bedford Level. No Works to be made nn "tyre Rivers Grant or Ozvze.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. P R,

Certain Tolls are granted from t June 1741, for 21 Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

J

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 26-33. 423

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for making a Chapel lately built by John Coppln Esquire, at Market Street, in the Parish of Codington, in the County of Hertford, a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

PR.

WHEREAS the Church of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, is a very ancient Fabric; and notwithstanding considerable Sums of Money have been laid out by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in repairing and supporting the same,

Part thereof is in great Danger of falling down, and other Parts in a very ruinous Condition:

Now to the Intent the said Church may be rebuilt for the public Worship of God, and the Instruction of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in the true Christian Religion as now professed in the Church of England; and that the said Steeple may also be rebuilt, and that the same may be effected in a Manner that may be least burdensome to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, the Churchwardens, Ancients and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, do most humbly beseech Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, b. c. "

"to make Assessments. No Settlement to be made by paying these Rates. Collectors to be "appointed by the Parish, on Thursday in every Easter Week, to pay over the Money to Trustees. Col "to be excused the Office of Scavenger. Trustees may borrow Money on the Credit of this Act,

"Annuities of 81. ior. percent, Receipts, Payments, bfc. to be registered in Books."

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Doncaster through ferry bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Croft; and also from ferry bridge to jveatherby, and from thence to borough bridge, in the County of York.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from X May r74r, for zt Years, bfc.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign; of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdowm Hill in the Parish of Box in the said County.

PR.

The Act is further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for appointing new Commissioners and Trustees for putting in Execution, an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for vejiing the Efate and effet'ts' of John Coggs and John Dan, Goldsmiths and co partners, in Trustees, for the Jpsedier Payment of Their Creditors, and for determining Differences' thereupon.

PR.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through, the Parish of Feniston, in the County of York, to salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York. to Hartclffe Hill, in the said Parish of Peuiston.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 12 May 1741, for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey, to the Town of Half axe, in the same Riding.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted from 12 May 1741, for 21. Years. 24 Geo. .2. ct 22. 25 Geo. 2. c. 55.

CAP. XXXIII.

Ah atto supply fotr.e Defeats in the L aws for repairing and rebuilding County Bridges, for repairing, enlarging, erecting and providing Houses of Correction, and for passing,

Rogues and Vagabonds.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS it does and may happen, that when County Bridges are to be rebuilt or repaired, a

Piece or Parcel of Ground thereto adjoining may be of great Use or Service, either for enlarging cifi5>s 'he Act

°>2' 0.14.

4*4" C 33. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

such Bridges, or more commodiously rebuilding the m: And whereas there is no Power given by ' s the Laws in Being for the rebuilding or repairing of County Bridges to the Justices of the Peace, to purchase any such Pieces or Parcels of Ground: And whereas by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entitled, 'An Act for tbs amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and dforderly Persons for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing and regulating Houses of Cor red ion; it is ' (nii longst other Things) enacted, That upon the Preferment of the Grand Jury at the aiuzes, Great Session, 'or General Gaol Delivery, held for any County or Liberty, that there' is no House of Correction, and that it will be necessary to provide one or more House or Houses of Correction in such County or Liberty, or that the House or Houses of Correction in any such County or Liberty is or are, not fumcient, and want to be enlarged; the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter sessions flrall have Power to build, erect or enlarge oiie or more fit or convenient House or Houses of Correction, or to purchase one or more convenient House or Houses for that Purpose, or to purchase Land to erect such House or Houses of Correction upon, and to make a convenient Backside or Backsides,

Outlet or Outlets thereto: And whereas in some Counties and Liberties, where it is necessary to have ' a House or Houses of Correction, there is or may be no Assize, Great Session, or General Gaol De ' Every, and III Consequence there can be no Presentment of such Grand Jury, so that in such Cases the said Acts is rendered ineffectual.: Therefore for the better repairing and rebuilding County Bridges, and for supplying the Defects of the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to the repairing, enlarging, building and providing Houses of Correction, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this justices nt their present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth quarter sessions Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, l'n/'to'tfufid Liberty or Division, at their General seltions, or General. Quarter sessions assembled, or the County Bridges, major Part of them, lit nil have Power, and are hereby authorised, to purchase of, or agree or contract Concerning with, any Person or Persons - Politic or Corporate for any Piece or Parcel of land adjoining or j/f' near to any County Bridge within the Limits of their respective Commissions, for the more commodious r. 4o^9 C°'Z' enlarging Or convenient rebuilding the lame; which Pieces or Parcels of Land shall not exceed one Acre j»c«. 2. C 20. in the tvliole for any such Bridge, and shall from time to time be paid for by the respective County Treasurers out of any Moneys raised or to be raffed by virtue of an act made in the twelfth Year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy assessing, couediing and levying of County Rates; such Treasurers being thereunto authorised, by Orders under the Hands and Seals of the respective Justices of the Peace at their General seltions, or General Quarter sessions, or the major Part of them; which Lands so purchased, shall be conveyed to such Person or Persons as the said Justices of the Peace at their General Sessions, or General Quarter sessions, or the major Part of them shall respectively appoint, in t rust, and for the Uses and Purposes of enlarging or rebuilding such Bridges respectively.

and have Power IB And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth to enlarge Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, house of c°r Riding, Liberty or Division, at their General Sessions, or General Quarter sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, where there shall be no Assizes, Great Session, or General Gaol delivery held, r upon the Presentment of the Grand Jury to such Justices at their General Sessions, or General Quarter sessions - have as full Power and Authority to repair or enlarge any House or Houses of Correi? tion already built, or to purchase any House or Houses for a House or Houses of Correction, or to built or erect any House or Houses of Correction, or to purchase Land to erect such House or Houses of Correction upon, and to make a convenient Backside or Backsides, Outlet or Outlets thereto, as if foci Presentment had been made at the Assizes, Great Session or General Gaol delivery, in such Man as is directed, and by the same Ways and Means as are provided in and by the said recited Act »iad< in the thirteenth ear of the Reign of his present Majesty; thing in the said act contained to tli< contrary thereof III any wise notwithstanding,

17. '

III. And whereas it is enacted in and by the said act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign o

7 Jf 1. < 4- ' his present Majesty, That tyre Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall make any Pass for conveyin;

Vif 11 n' ' any slle5 Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue, shall at the same Time cause to be delivered to the Con 2 Ann. fiat. 2. ' (table a Certificate, ascertaining the Manner of conveying such Rogue, Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue3 ' and that when the Place to which the Person or Persons apprehended are to be sent, lies remote, an

sc«'i'?'ia there be one or more Counties, Ridings or divisions intervening, the Constable or other Officer, t'C' whom such Pass and Certificate shall be given, shall forthwith ciutfe the Person or Persons therein name,

to be conveyed to the next House of Correction in the same County, Riding or Division, where lie n ' they shall dwell: And whereas it has been sometimes found inconvenient, and has ere ted an extra ordinary Expense, to send the Person or Persons apprehended, who was or were to be immediatj- passed to some distant County, Riding or Division, by such Justice or Justices, to the House of Correct tion in the same County, Riding or Division, where lie or they dwell, such House of Correction oftc lying out of the direct Way to the Place where such Person or Persons was or were to be passed tustices.of the E'or Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twen v'^ahttn(fend tv foikth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, it shall and may be lawful for an th?moll conve Justice or Justices of the Peace, to send any Person or Persons who shall be apprehended as a Rogue nient House of Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue, to the House of Correction in the County, Riding or Division, whir) Correction, C he or they dwell or to any other House of Correction in the same County, Riding or Division, as lha1 .4.. B

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 34., 35. 425

be most convenient for the passing such Person or Persons; anything in the said Act contained to thcfanbirmcerr contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. J jec/f"/

25 Gfi. - r. 36. '0 Git. 2. C 11.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to qontinne an Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and two subsequent Acts for explaining and amending the same; and also to continue an Act for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are found to be useful and beneficial to the Pub prc mw.

lick, and are so near expiring, that it is fit they should now be continued lie it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, AS i Geo.

All for the Relief of Debtors with respcil to the Imprisonment of their Persons; which Ail was to conc " tinue in Force for live Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and also an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An All joeo. 2. C for explaining and amending an Act made in the last se/jioti of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and also an Act made in the Eighth Year oi' dcb'.ovs, of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the j'econ L Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons; said Acts were to continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia continued some nt, and no longer; shall, with the several Articles and Clauses therein contained (except the Clause °n.fr'

in the said last mentioned Act for setting mutual Debts one against the other, which by the said Act is made perpetual) be and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of^_

Jutie one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next sef tgjj FJ.A. lion of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the seventh Year AO - Geo. 2. of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the thirteenthe tear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, An Act for the free Importa n. II '

tion of Cochineal during the Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indico; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty cont; n, ea for four, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, 7 Years longer, and no longer, shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day Continued by of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef

lion of Parliament, and no longer.] 33^9.2. c. 16.

Preamble, reciting the Act

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

to explain and amend, a former Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year of tile Reign of 7 cieo.t vv25. Ins present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act pass Fop former Laws ed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firstintituled, An Act for the jjft04 4'

better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York; it was enacted, 2 R. 3. C S. i That if any Owner, Mailer, Occupier or Millman, of any fulling mills in the said West Riding, 3 % 'z'e' "

should, after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year 01 our Lord one thousand seven hundred and) J j j'

'neglect or refuse to stamp on such Seal of Lead, as is therein mentioned, before such 0 H. s. C sf Cloth should be carried from the Mill, in Figures plainly to be seen and known, the true Length 14 a5 H 8.

and Breadth of such Cloth, and also his Name, or Part thereof, upon the Rivet of the said Seal, j.jj g C lg and be thereof lawfully convicted, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, be iy w. s. C iz fore one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, or of any Corporation fy?

within the same (such Justice or Justices not being a Merchant or *trader in the Woollen Manu ih'ff.j.'lj.i.

1 facture) such Owner, Mailer, Occupier or mill man, should forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum 5 6ee. 6. cb

twenty Shillings, to be recovered and distributed as is therein directed: And whereas the said

1 Ail of the seventh Year of his present Majesty hath in general been of great Ule and Benefit to all*b'jf'f'.xi.

Persons concerned in the Cloth Trade in the said West Riding; but as several of the Directions and 2. 12.

Provisions in the said Act have not proved effectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended, and as the 5 p

same Act being made temporary will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament; 'Where lit. C 4. fore, for continuing so much of the said Act as hath already been found beneficial, and for explaining > 1, 9.25.

and amending the same so far as to make the Law more effectual for the Preservation of a Trade so "advantageous and beneficial to the Kingdom; Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by f 20. '

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre fuilicustochoca sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ilie Justices of the Peace for the "'her? os Vol. VI I i i laid Cloth "

and appoint their yearly Salaries

On searcher's Death, or incapacity, the next fa Kite may choose another,

to he approved by the Justices at the nexteafter Sessions#

Duty of Mea furers.

Penalty on the cloth maker offending against this Act.

Fuller and Searcher to take an Oath before a Justice,

an'd have a Certificate of inch Oath.

Fuller and Searcher to fix darien.seals at each End of the Oioth

and enter a de l'cription of the Cloth in a Book, and the maker's Name and Place of Abode.

C 35. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

said West Riding of the said County of York, not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth, or being Owners, Farmers or Occupiers of any fulling mill, at their next Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Riding, next after Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, or at some Adjournment of the same, and at their General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held next after Easter yearly, shall and may, and tjjey are hereby authorised and required to choose and appoint so many Men of good Character and Repute within the said Riding, being Persons following, or having been brought up in the Trade or Occupation of a Maker or Dresser of Woollen Broad Cloth in the said Riding, a3 they shall think convenient, to be Measurers and Searchers of cloth at the Mills in the said Riding, over and above Inch Persons as are or may be appointed Searchers by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them, and to appoint and station the Measurers and Searchers so to be chosen, at such Mills, and in such Manner, as to the said Justices at their General or Adjourned Sessions shall seem meet and convenient; and shall and may assign, allow and appoint to the said Measurers so to be appointed, such yearly Salaries not exceeding the yearly Sum of twenty-five Pounds to each of them, as the said Justices at the said General or Adjourned Sessions, or the major Part of them, shall think proper.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed to be a Searcher of such Cloth, shall happen to die during the Year which he is so appointed to be a Searcher, or shall by Sickness, or any aether Accident, be rendered incapable of executing the said Office; that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for any one such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, living near to the Place where such Searcher did or shall reflde, to appoint some other proper Person qualified as aforesaid, to supply the Place of such Searcher, until the next Easter Sessions, to be there by the major Part of such Justices present confirmed, or another Person appointed in his Place; and the Person lb confirmed or appointed, shall take the same Oath, and be inverted with the lame Powers, and liable to the same Penalties for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, as the Searchers elected or to be elected at the East. r Session by virtue of this Act are or ought to be.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Measurers so to be appointed shall and may, and they are authorised and directed, at the respective fulling mills where they shall respectively be stationed or placed, jointly and together with the mill men of the said Mills respectively, measure all the Whole Clothes and Ends which shall be there milled respectively, at the respective Times, and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, Such Clothes or Ends as shall be streamed or walled in the Goit or mill stream of the said Mills respectively, shall be measured within six, and not sooner than four Hours, after the same shall be so streamed or washed; such Clothes or Ends as shall not be. so streamed and washed, shall be measured within four Hours after the lame final] come out of the Stock

And it is hereby further enacted, That no cloth maker shall take away his Cloth from any Rich fulling mill, before the same has lain four Hours after it has been streamed or wafiled; or before the same has lain four Hours after it has come out of the Stock (in case it shall not be so washed or streamed) unless the same shall be sooner measured and stamped in Manner herein after mentioned by the Searcher, jointly with the respective mill men at whose Mills Rich Cloth shall respectively be milled or fulled: And if any cloth maker shall take away his Cloth from the Adill before the same shall be so measured and stamped, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath of the mill man or Meaftirer at the Mill where such Cloth was so fulled, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (such Justice or Justices not being Traders or Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, or Owners, Farmers or Occupiers of any fulling mill) every Person so offending, shall for every Rich Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as the Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty are directed and appointed to be levied and recovered, and to be applied and.disposed of in Manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the West Riding of the County of York

V. And it is hereby farther enabled. That every mill man who shall have the Care of any fulling mill at the Time of passing this Act, on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, and every mill man hereafter to be appointed to and employed as a mill man at any such fuliing mill, in the said Riding, within ten Days after he shall be so Rrft appointed and employed, anil every Measurer and Searcher, at the Time he shall be appointed to the said Office, shall respectively, and they are hereby required to take an Oath before some Justice of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same, that they will well and truly perform such Measuring and Stamping, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer, and to give such mill man and Searcher respectively a Certificate of such oath's having been administered and taken.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Fuller or mill man who shall full or mill such Cloth, and the Measurer or Searcher who shall nieafifre the same, shall affix or cause to be affixed on every such Cloth, before it shall be carried from the Mill, two Seals of Lead, to be furnished by the Clothier; one of which Seals shall be fixed at one End of such Cloth by the Fuller or mill man, and the other of the said Seals to be fixed by such Searcher or Meaftirer at the other End of such Clothe and such Searcher or Measurer, and Fuller or mill man respectively, shall rivet the Seals by them respectively to be affixed on every such Cloth, 'and each of them (lamp his Name, or Part thereof, upon the said Sea! or Rivet; and likewise shall, in Figures plainly to be seen and distinguished, Ramp the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth; and immediately after the said Cloth Ilia 1 be measured, sealed and stamped as aforesaid, the Searcher fiamping the same shall enter in a Book to be provided by the Treasurer, and kept at the fulling mill for that Purpose, the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker of every such Cloth, and the Colour or Sort of the same Cloth, and the Length and Breadth, on such Seals by Rich Fuller or

mill man

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 35. 427

mill man and Searcher so marked and imprefied; for which Seals so to be fixed, there shall be paid by the Owner of such Cloth to such mill man the respective Sums following; videlicet, For the Seals ft crcf fixmj

of every whole or long Cloth, the Sum of fourpence; and for the Seals of every End or Half Cloth, thescal4

the Sum of twopence; three fourth Parts whereof shall be accounted for and paid by such mill inan to

the Treasurer of the said West Riding for the time being, to be applied for such Purposes as are herein after directed, and the other fourth Part thereof to such Fuller or mill man, to and for his own Use and

Benefit; and that no other Duty shall be paid for measuring or stamping of Cloth by virtue of this or the said former Acts, or either of them.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Length and Number of Yards so stamped on such The Snmrs rn

Seals as aforesaid shall be the rule of Payment for such Cloth by the Buyer of the same. the nsn'i'h 07'

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That in case any Long or Whole cici. ° Cloth, or End or Half Cloth, after it is fully milled, and shall have lain four Hours as aforesaid, shall Penalty for to be under the Breadth of one Yard thirteen Inches and half, for above one fifth Part of the Length there oivtti i ems of, then, and in such Case, upon Information thereof made before one or more Justice or Justices of the vnjcr Preach, Peace (such Justice or Justices not being Traders or Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, or Owners,

Farmers or Occupiers of any fulling mill) and upon Proof thereof upon Oath by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the Maker or Owner of such Cloth shall forfeit and pay for every such Defect in Breadth in such Whole Cloth or End, the several Penalties herein after mentioned; that is to say. For the first Inch such Cloth shall be under the Breadth of one Yard thirteen Inches and half, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence; for the second Inch, the Sum of five Shillings; and for every other Inch such Cloth shall be under the Breadth aforesaid, the Sum of fifteen Shillings; the said Penalties, after deduding the reout the Costs and Charges that the said Informer shall sustain and lie put unto in such Prosecution and Conviction, shall be paid and applied as follows; videlicet, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to tyre Treasurer of the said West Riding, and shall be recovered and levied in such Manner, as the other Penalties are to be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

IX. Provided always, That no Clothier, or Maker of Woollen Broad Cloth, shall, after the said first No other Penal day of May, forfeit or incur, or be liable to, any Penalty for making Cloth under the Breadth herein jhavth/befcre before described and directed, other than the Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this present mentioned.

Ad in the Case herein before mentioned; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided, That if it shall happen, that after any Cloth shall have been milled, sealed and stamped Clothes being das aforesaid, any Part thereof shall by any Accident be damaged and taken off, such Part thereof as shall and shor not be damaged shall be again measured, sealed and damped by a Searcher to be sent for for that Purpose, measured and who shall affix a new Seal to the said Cloth in Manner herein before directed, which Seal shall then be a fealsd agam. Rule of Payment for such Cloth.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner of any such Cloth Penalty on shall, when the Cloth shall be brought Home from the fulling mill, and upon his measuring the same, Frauds commit find such Cloth to be of less Length, or of less Breadth for above one fifth Part of the Length thereof, {jrandsearckek, than the same is by such Stamps or Seals denoted or expressed to contain, and shall, before the same

has been exposed to Sale, make Oath thereof before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and shall also at the same Time make Oath, that the said Admeasurement was made by him, before the said Cloth had been above four Hours in his Custody at Home, and of the true length and Breadth he found the same to be upon such his Admeasurement; then, and in such Case, the Fuller or mill man, and Searcher, who measured and stamped the Cloth so complained of being convicted by such Oath of the Clothier as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, jointly forfeit and pay the respective Penalties and Sums following; that is to say. For the first Inch in Breadth, or half a Yard in Length, that such Cloth shall fall short of the Measure stamped and marked on the same, the Sum of five Shillings and for every other Inch in Breadth, or half yard in Length, so over stamped. the Sum of ten Shillings; the said Penalties, after deduding the reout the Costs and Charges of luck Prosecution and Conviction, to be paid and applied as follows; videlicet, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said West Riding, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and may be lasvful to and for the said Trea tce."u; VI 'o

farer to deduct and retain the Sums of Money to be forfeited by the Measurers and Searchers respectively, ^'y

out of the yearly Salaries of such Measurers and Searchers respectively, as such Salaries respectively shall ihvsalmti of become due and payable. the Searchers,

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the several Justices of the Peace before whom any Conviction shall be made by virtue of this Act, as all'o the several Measurers and Searchers so ffjf", and

to be appointed, shall, and they are hereby required, four Times in every Year at the least, to return Account to 'and transmit to the Treasurer of the said West Riding far the time being, a true and perfect Account the Treasurer in Writing of all the Convictions to be made pursuant to this Astor either of the former Acts, Tijyg a Year that shall happen within their Knowledge, and of all the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or levied ° "'u' by Means or on Account thereof, which by virtue of this Astor either of the said former Acts, are made payable to the said Treasurer for the Time being, to the Intent he may take Order for the Receipt and Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, according to the Tenor and true Meaning, and for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, That no mill man or Searcher shall, after the lahf first Day of May, forfeit or incur, or be liable to, any Penalty, for fnlfly or fraudulently measuring, sealing or stamping any Cloth, other than the Penalties by this present Act in the Case herein before mentioned; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

I i i z

428 C 36.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

pireflton.10

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of May, in case any cution.*r cloth maker, Searcher, mill man or any other Person, shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences mentioned in this or either of the said former Acts, after the Cloth, relating to which such Prosecution shall be commenced, shall be sold to the Merchant or cloth buyer, every such Merchant or cloth buyer shall, and he is hereby required and obliged, on Demand of the Person so prosecuted, to produce such Cloth, unlel sjt foall appear on the Oath of such Merchant or Buyer, or the Person who packed the same, to be made before one or more Justice or Justices of the said Riding or any Corporation within the same (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to administer gratis) that such Cloth was then dressed, prested and packed up, in order to be lent away from such Merchant or Bujer, to the Intent that the same, and the Matter of such Complaint, may be inspected, inquired into and examined and in case the Merchant, Buyer or Owner of such Cloth hall refuse to produce the same as aforesaid, such Merchant, Buyer or Owner shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Penalties and Clauses therein contained, shall extend to all Woollen Broad Cloth which shall be made, milled, dressed or exposed to Sale in the West Riding of the County of York, except White Cloth, after tyre same shall be put into hot Water in order to be died.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Informations on which any Conviction shall be made of any Offence by virtue of this Act, shall be made within five Days next after the Discovery of the same Offence, and not otherwise.

XVIII. And whereas there is now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the West Riding of the County of York, a considerable Sum of Money, which hath arisen by and out of tyre Duties granted by the said former Acts, for the damping and measuring of Broad Cloth Now it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of the said West Riding for the Time being, shall out of the Money remaining in his Hands, and which shall hereafter be received by him on Account of the said Duties, and of the Duties and Penalties herein before directed to be paid to such Treasurer as aforesaid, the first Place pay the Charges and Expenses attending the passing this Act, and shall afterwards pay and apply the said Duties and Penalties, as the same shall come in and be received, to such Uses and Purposes as the same are directed to be paid and applied by virtue of tins or the said two former Acts, or either of them.

Justices to settle

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after all the Money to be the Duties. expended in and about the obtaining this Act shall be totally paid off and discharged, it flail and msy be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, at their General Quarter semons held next after Eajier, to make Orders for the increasing or diminishing the Rates and Duties to be paid for measuring, (tamping and sealing of Cloth, so as the same shall never exceed fourpence for a Whole Cloth, and twopence for an End or Half Cloth.

t1r1sftualmade

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That this present Act, and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Matters rseo.3l.' C 34. ard Things contained in the said Act of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, 7 Geo. 2. c. 25. and the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, or either of them, which were to continue in Force to the End of this present Session of Parliament, other than and except such of them as are hereby revoked, repealed, altered or otherwise explained, shall be and are hereby made perpetual: And also, that this Act shall be taken and deemed to be a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices and other persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Extent of this Act,

Informations to be nude within 5 Days,

Application of the Duties and Penalties.

Public Act,

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for opening a Trade to and from Persia through Russia.

Preamble, reciting the Patent of 1 & 2 Philip and ma ry>

and the Act 8 Eliz. not printed,

and 10 & it Will. 3. C 6.

and 12 Car, 2. C 18,

WHEREAS by Letters Patent, dated at Westminster the twenty sixth Day of February in the first and second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, their Majesties did give and grant to certain Persons therein mentioned, "by the Name of merchants Adventurers of England,

for The Discovery of Lands, Territories, Ifes, Dominions and Seigniories unknown, and not before their late Adventure or Enterprise, by Seas or Navigation commonly frequented, the sole Privilege of trading to the Dominions and Territories of the Emperor of Russia: And whereas the Liberties, Powers and Privileges granted by the said Letters Patent, were afterwards by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reing of Queen Elisabeth, confirmed to the said Merchants, and their Successors,

by the Name of The Feliowship of English Merchants, for Discovery cf new Trades (now commonly call ' CD The Russia Company) by which the said Fellowship are to have the sole Privilege of trading to and from the Dominions and Territories of the Emperor of Russia, lying Northwards, north eaifwards,

1 and north westwards, from the City of London; as also to the Countries of Armenia Major or Minor,

Media, Hyrcania, Persia or the Caspian Sea: And whereas by an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third to enlarge the.trade to Russia, any Subject of this

Realm hath a Right to be made free of the said Fcilowship, paying for such his Admission five

Pounds, and no more: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, an Act for encouraging and increasing* Shipping and Navigation, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That no Goods of foreign Growth, Production and Manufacture, which by the said Act are to be brought into England, Ireland, jvahs,

1 the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in English or other Shipping na vigated in such Manner as therein is mentioned, shall be shipped or brought from any other Place

II. II

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georg

or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture,

or from those Ports where the said Goods and Commodities could only, or were, or usually had been tirft shipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalties of the Forfeiture of all such Goods, as also the Ship in which they are imported, with all her Guns, Furni ture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, to be divided and recovered as in the said Act is directed,

with Proviso that the said Act shall not extend or be meant to restrain and prohibit the importing of any of the Commodities of the Streights or Levant Seas, in English built Shipping, and navigated as therein is directed, from the usual Ports or Places for lading them within the said Streights or Le 4 vant Seas, or the importing any East india Commodities, louden in the like Shipping, and so navigated,

from the usual Place or Places for lading of them, in any Part of those Seas to the Southward and Eastward of Capo born Speranza, although the said Commodities be not of the very Growth of the said Ports or Places respectively: whereas at the Time of passing the said Act lad mentioned, it was not usual to bring to this Kingdom Raw Silk and other Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Pro duce or Manufacture of Persia, through the Dominions and Territories of the Emperor of russia

And whereas it may be of great Advantage to this Kingdom, to open a Trade to and from Persia through russia, by promoting the Consumption of the Woollen and other Manufactures, Goods and ommodities thereof, if Raw Silk, and other the Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of Persia be permitted to be imported into this Kingdom from Russia, in Return for such Woollen and other Manutadlures as shall be exported from hence into russia, and from thence carried into Persia, and not otherwise Be it emdted by the King's moult: f.xcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Jfiune one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons free or to be free of the said fellowship of Englishb Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called The Russia Company., exclusive of all others, to bring and import into this Kingdom, i.; British built Shipping navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place of or belonging to the Czar or Emperor of russia, Raw Silk, or any other Goods or Commodities of the Growth, produce or manu fidture of Perjui (provided such Manufacture be made of the Growth or Produce of Persia) being purchased by Barter with Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, expot ted from Great Britain to russia, and from thence carried into Persia (Gold and Silver in Coin or Bullion excepted) or with the Produce arising from the Sales of such Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, so exported to Rvjjia and carried into Persia as aforesaid, and not otherwise, upon paying or securing the Customs and other Duties now payable for the same by any Law now in Force, according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, and in the same Manner and Form, and with such Allowances, Abatements, Discounts and Drawbacks, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are by Law preferred and practised on the Importation of the like Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Persia, imported into this Kingdom from any Eurt or Place in the Levant Seas, by any Person or Persons free of the Levant or Turkey company><ihy thing in the said recited Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Silk or other Produce, Commodities Or Manufactures of Persia, shall be imported into Great Britain through Russia by virtue of this Act, unless the Importer or Importers thereof do take an Gath, or being of the People called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation, before the Collectcr, Customer or Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs (who are hereby empowered to administer the same) at the Port or Place of Importation, that to the bed of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Silk, and other the Produce, Commodities and Manufactures of Persia, contained in his or their Entry or Entries, was or were really and truly purchastcl by Barter with Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, exported from Great Britain to russia, and from thence carried into Persia (not being Gold or Silver in Coin or Bullion) or with the Produce arising from the Sales of such Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods or Commodities, so exported as aforesaid, and not otherwise; and in Default of taking such Gath or Affirmation, all such Silk, or other the Produce, Commodities or Manufactures of Persia, so irported from russia, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited, in like Manner as if the same had been imported contrary to the said Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act.jor encouraging and increasiing of Shipping and Navigation.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act 'contained shall extend, cr be construed to extend, to the permitting the uting or wearing in this Kingdom any wrought Silks, or other the Goods or Commodities of the Manufacture of Persia, mentioned in the Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, which may be imported by virtue hereof through Russia; the same Act, and every. Claitle therein contained, so far as the same relates to the importing flic laid Goods into the Port of London only, and to the Entry thereof, and Payment of the Duties, an 1 putting the same into proper Warehouses, and exporting them on Security, and to the seizing and prosecuting those Goods, and dividing the Produce of such Seizures, and keeping proper Accounts thereof, and subjecting the Persons concerned to Penalties and Disabilities for Breach of the said Act, shall he practised, and be of full Force and Efredt for the Purposes aforesaid, as if the said Act, and the several Clauses therein contained, were particularly and at large repeated and set down in the Body of tpis Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Question, Dispute or Doubts hall arise, whether any, of the Goods or Commodities to be imported by virtue of this Act be of the

Growth,

The Russia Company may import Peril an Commodities,

being purchaseti by Barter, with British Manufactures, '

or with the Produce cf fucil Manufactures exporttd to Russia,

cn Oath Importer:

Perfran Mamr -- fa<f>ures not to be worn in England.

11 Will. 3. C 10.

but shall be exported ag<?in cn < Security.

On Seizure, the Proof of their being Persiati Goods, or nor, shall be on the Importer.

430 C 37. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Perfta, or not, or were imported contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aff, and the same shall for that Reason be seized as forfeited; the Proof thereof shall be incumbent on the Importer or Claimer, and not upon the Officer or Informer; and the Commissioners of the Customs, if they see sufficient Cause, shall and may direct the Officer of the Cudoms who made the Seizure, to proceed in the Prosecution thereof, or not; and Judgement thereupon shall be given for Recovery of the Forfeiture.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Affion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or 'General issue. Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall land for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer tublccofis. against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

This Act not to

VI. Provided also, That anything in this Aff contained shall not extend, or be construe I to extend, India comean^ to ^'n^er or deprive the Corporation of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the ncia ompany. from having and enjoying all and every such Powers, Privileges, Franchises, Benefits, Matters

or Things, as do or shall belong to them, or which they could or might enjoy in any Manner of wise, if this Aff had not been made; anything in this Aff to the contrary notwithstanding.

Stt farther

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this shall be adjudged and deemed to i^Geo. 2. C 34. he a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for restraining and preventing several unwarrantable Schemes and Undertakings in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

eitheta*w7^ any an Aff made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majely King .^ ".13. George the First, intituled, An Act for the better jeeuring certain Powers and Privileges intended to be granted by his ajajejry by two Charters, for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practises therein mentioned, 'for suppressing the mischievous and dangerous Undertakings and Attempts therein mentioned and de feribed, and preventing the like for the future; it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, all and every the Undertakings and Attempts therein before described, and all other public Undertakings and Attempts tending to the common Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenience of his Majesty's Subjects, or great Numbers of them, in ' their Trade, Commerce or other lawful Affairs, and all public Subscriptions, Receipts, Payments,

Assignments, Transfers, pretended Alignments and Transfers, and all other Matters and Things whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing or proceeding in any such Undertaking or Attempt, and more particularly the affing or presuming to act as a corporate Body or Bodies, the raising or pre tending to raise transferrab.e Stock or Stocks, the transferring or pretending to transfer or align any Share or Shares in such Stock or Stocks without legal Authority, either by Act of Parliament or by any Charter from the Crown, to warrant such acting as a Body Corporate, or to raise such transferrable Stock or Stocks, or to transfer Shares therein; and all acting or pretending to act under any Charier,

1 formerly granted from the Crown for particular or special Purposes therein expressed, by Persons who did or (hold use, or endeavour to use, the same Charters for raising a Capital Stock, or for making Transfers or Alignments, or pretended Transfers or Alignments of such Stock, not intended or de signed by such Charter to be raised or transferred; and all acting Or pretending to act under any obsolete Charter, become void or voidable by Nonufer or Abuser, or for want or making lawful Elections which were necessary to continue the Corporation thereby intended, (hold, as to all or any such Acts, Matters and Things as hold be acted, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, for ever be deemed to be illegal and void, and should not be praffifed, or in anywise put in Execution; And it was further enacted, That from and after the said twenty soul th Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, all fuel) unlawful Undertakings and Attempts so tending to the eommon Grievance, Prejudice and Inconvenience of his Majesty's Subjects, or a great Number of them, in their Trade, Commerce or other lawful Affairs, and the making or taking of any Subscriptions for that Purpose, the receiv ing or paying of any Money upon such Subscriptions, the making or accepting of any Alignment or Transfer, or pretended Alignment or Transfer, of any Share or Shares upon any such Subscription;

and all and every other Matter and Tiling whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing or proceeding in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt, and more particularly the presuming or pretending to aff as a corporate Body, or to raise a transferrable Stock or Stocks, 1 or to make Transfers or Assignmeius of any Share or Shares therein, without such lejjal Authority as aforesaid; and all affing, or pretending to aff, under any Charter formerly granted from the Crown for any particular or l'pccial Purposes therein expressed, by Persons making or endeavouring to make use of such Charter for any such other Purpose not thereby intended, and all affing or 'pretending to aff under any such obsolet< Charter as

was

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 37. 431

1 was before described, and every of them, as to all or any such Acts, Matters or Things as should be so acted, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon after the said twenty-fourth Day of "Jung one thousand seven hundred and twenty, (Should be deemed to be a public Nuisance and Nufances, and the same, and all Causes, Matters and Things relating thereto, and every of them, Should for ever thereafter be examined, heard, tried and determined, as common Nufances were to be examined, heard,

'tried and determined by or according to the Laws of this Realm; and all Offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Information or Indictment in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record 1 at Westminster, or in Edinburgh, or in Dublin, Should be liable to such Fines, Penalties and Punishments,

whereunto Persons convicted for common and public Nufances were by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm subject and liable, and moreover Should incur, and fullain any further Pains, Penalties 'and Forfeitures, as were ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Premunire, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second: And it was further enacted, That if any Merchant or Trader at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, Should suffer any particular Damage in his, her or their Trade, Commerce or other lawful Affairs, by Occasion or Means of any Undertaking or Attempt, Matter or Thing, by the said Act de dared to be unlawful, and would sue to be relieved therein; then and in every such Case such Merchant or Trader Should and might have his and their Remedy for the same by an Action or Adrians to be

grounded upon that Statute, against the Persons, Societies or Partnerships, or any of them, who contrary to that Act Should be engaged or intcrefled in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt; and every such Action and Actions Should be heard and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record aforesaid, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance Should be'

granted or allowed; and in every such Action the Plaintiff Should or might recover Treble Damages with Full Costs of Suit: And whereas Persons have presumed to publish in America a Scheme for supplying a pretended Want of a Medium in Trade, by letting up a bank on Land Security, the Stock.

of such Bank to be raised by public Subscriptions for large Sums of Money, whereof final] Sums were from time to time to be paid in and by the particular Subscribers, and to be managed by Directors, Treasurer and other Officers, and Dividends to be made as therein mentioned; and the said.1 ' Company of Subscribers were to promise to receive the Bills which they Should issue for and as so much -- ' lawful Moneyas Should be therein respectively mentioned in all Payments, Trade and Business;

after the Expiration of twenty Years, to pay the Pofltilor the Value thereof in Manufactures; and

sundry other Schemes, Societies, Partnerships or Companies, have been and may be seton Foot in,

America, for the Purpose of raising public Stocks or Banks, and unlawfully bluing large Quantities of Notes or Bills there, contrary to the true Intent and Aleaning of the said recited Act And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said recited Act doih extend to, or can be executed in, his Majesty's ' Dominions, Colonies and Plantations in America, in Regard that the Information or Indictment against.

the Offenders therein mentioned, and likewise the Actions to be grounded upon that Act, and thereby given to the Alerehant or Trader who should suffer any particular Damage, were appointed to be heard and determined in some of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Edinburgh, or in Dub

info that the said Act without further Explanation and Amendment may not be sufficient to sup

press and prevent in America the mischievous and dangerous Undertakings and Attempts therein;

'mentioned, and thereby designed to be prevented and luppressed: 5 For Remedy whereof may it please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice.and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and singulur the Paragraphs, Clauses, Sentences and expref act'6 Geo. i. fions therein contained, for suppressing, restraining or punishing the extravagant or unwarrantable Prac enlarged and tices therein mentioned, did, do and mall extend to all and every the public, extravagant and unwar iftengthtned.

rantable Practises herein before mentioned or described, and did, do and shall extend to, and are and The raid Act to

shall be in Force, and carried into Execution, in all and every his Majesty's Dominions, Colonies and e*toad 10 Ani' Plantations in America y and that all and every the Undertakings, Attempts, Matters and Things inrca'" the said recited Act mentioned or described, and prohibited to be acted, done, attempted, endeavoured er proceeded upon, within the City of London, and other Parts of this Kingdom, as also in Ireland, and other his Majesty's Dominions; and all other the Undertakings, Attempts, Matters and Things herein before mentioned or described, are and shall be deemed to be illegal and void in his Majesty's Dominions,

Colonies and Plantations in America also, and shall not there be pracriled, or in any wise put in Execution; and that all Offenders against the said recited or this present ac5f, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Information or Indictment in' any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in any of his ala jesty's Dominions, Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be liable to such and the like Fines, Pe f^esanapen»c. realties and Punishments, whereunto Persons convicted in Great Britain for common and public nu V; on0filn' fances are by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm fubiedf or liable; and moreover shall! incur and sustain any further Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as were ordained and provided by the said:

Statute Of Provision and Premunire, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of the "laid King richard the Second; and that if any Merchant, Trader or other Person hath fullered or shall Sufferershcrr«' suffer any particular Damage in his, her or their Trade, Commerce, exchange or other lawful Af relieved, fairs, by Occasion or Means of any Undertaking or Attempt, Matter or Thing carried on, attempted or done in America, and by this Actor the said recited Act, declared to be illegal, and will file to be relieved therein; then and in every such Case such Merchant, Trader or other Person, shall and inny have his, her and their Remedy, for the same, by any.adrian or Suit grounded upon this Act, against the re

432 C 38. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

speflive Persons, Societies or Partnerships, or against: any one or more of the Persons, who contrary to this Act have or hath been or shall be engaged or interested in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt; and every such Action and Suit (for what hath been or shall be so undertaken, carried on, attempted or done in America) shall be heard and determined in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within any of his Majesty's Dominions, Colonies or Plantations in America; and in every such Action trcbiedamaties and Suit the Plaintiff (in case he or she recover) may and shall recover Treble Damages, with Full and I'ull Cotts. q0ft; S of Sllit.

Notes of Ame

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons rican Societies whatsoever, who shall be possessed or of or entitled to any Promissory Note or Notes, Bill or Bills, any Court of which have been or shall be i(tued by any such Societies, Partnerships or Companies of Persons in Record. shall be America., shall and are hereby impowered to commence or bring at any Time hereafter, his, her or paidimmedute their Action or Suit, in any Court of Record in any of his Majesty's Dominions, Colonies or plan y' tations in America, against the respective Persons, Societies, Partnerships and Companies, who have

or shall issue fuel 1 Notes or Bills, or against any one or more of the Persons who have been within the Space of six Years last pall, or shall be hereafter engaged or interested in any such unlawful Undertaking or Attempt, or who shall have signed such Note or Notes, Bill or Bills, in order to recover present Payment in lawful Money of the full Sum mentioned or expressed in such Note or Bill, to which Payment every such Person is hereby declared to be personally liable; and in such Actions or Suits, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover and have Judgement for immediate Payment by the Defendant or Defendants in lawful Money, of the full Sum mentioned in such Note or Bill, with tawful tn together with lawful Interest for the same from the Day of the Date of such Note or Bill, with Full tei ed and Fuji Costs of Suit, although the Time limited for Payment according to the Tenor of such Note or Bill Coiu. shall not then be come or part.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conorued to extend, to

inflict any of the Fines, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments or Treble Damages aforesaid, upon any Person or Persons whatsoever, who have or hath attempted, promoted, undertaken, a (lifted or carried on in America any of the Matters or Things declared to be illegal and void by this or the said recited Act, if such Person or Persons does or do within ten Days after Demand made, pay and ailcharge such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, as shall be secured or made payable by such Note or Notes, Bill or Bills; and desist from, give up, relinquish and wholly forbear to at further in any Sort, cji redtly or indirectly, in any such Matter or Thing, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September. one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; anything herein contained to the contrary not with

Concermnr Plan J - a 1

t a cions, jtefar

tier 15 Geo. 2. C. 31 & 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 & 33. 29 Geo. .2, C. 3 6? 35. 30 Geo. 2. f. g,

CAP XXXVIII

An act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier Manning his Majesty's Fleet.

Prermbie. ' WHEREAS the Welfare and Prosperity of his majeify's Dominions are greatly concerned in 13 Geo. 2. c. 3. giving all due Encouragement to Mariners and Seamen to enter voluntarily into the Ships of the "i7 ' Royal Navy, for the Service and Defence of their Country Be it therefore enacted by the king's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, bounty money and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from increased. and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, every able Seaman

who shall, on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, voluntarily enter himself to serve on Board any of Iris majesty's Ships of War, shall receive and be entitled to a Bounty of five Pounds, over and above his Wages; and every ordinary Seaman who shall, on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, voluntarily enter himself to serve on Board any of his Majesty's Ships of War, shall receive and be entitled to a Bounty of three Pounds, over and above his Wages.

Widows of

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Seaman, under the Degree of a Warrant, vor a the service etto" Commission Officer, entering voluntarily into the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall receive'a^vear's be killed or drowned in the said Service, and shall leave a Widow, to whom he was lawfully married; Pay as Bounty, every such Widow sending or producing to the Commissioners of the Navy a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein die redder, that (he is the real Widow of the said Seaman so killed or drowned, shall receive such Sum of Money, by way ot Bounty, as shall amount to, and he equivalent with, one year's Pay or Wages of such Seaman, computing the same according to the Rate of the Monthly Wages or Pay he served for, or was entitled to, at the Time of his Death: And the Commissioners of the Navy For the time being are hereby authorised and required, upon producing such Certificate at the Navy Office, to order and direct the Payment of fvich bounty money accordingly. ah 1 Geo. 2. '

III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of

C 14, rented. < his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service., it was enacted, That no Person whatsoever, who Should lift and enter Jfimself to serve his Majesty as a ' Seaman on Board any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, should be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever (other than for some criminal Matter) unless

433

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 38.

for a real Debt, or other just Cause of action, and unless before taking out such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or same other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before one or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the Sum justly due and owing to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the Defendant or Defendants in the action, or Cause of action, on which such Process should issue, or the Debt or Damages and Costs for which such Execution should be issued out, amounted to the Value of twenty Pounds at the least, a Mc ' morandum of which Oath should be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ, for which Memo randum or Oath no Fee should be taken: And that if any Person should be arrested contrary to the Intent of the said act, it should be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer or Officers, to examine Into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals to discharge such Seaman so arrested contrary to the Intent of the said act, without paying any See or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Seaman so arrested was actually,

belonging to one of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, and arrested contrary to the Intent of the said act; and also to award to the Party so complaining such Costs as such Judge or Judges should think reasonable; for the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who took out the said Execution might have had for His Costs, or the Plaintiff in the said action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the De ' fendant in the said action: And it was thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any Plaintiff and Plaintiffs, upon Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of action to such Seaman or Seamen in his Majesty's Service, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before his en tering into his Majesty's Service, to file a common Appearance in any action to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to proceed therein to Judgement and Outlawry; and to have an Execution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so actually belonging to one of his Majesty's Ships as aforesaid: it is hereby further enacted, That so much of the said act of the first Year of his present Majesty, as relates This atto ex to the preventing and prohibiting any Seaman from being taken out of the Service of his Majesty, his tend to Ireland. Heirs or Successors, or to any other of the Matters and Things herein before recited, shall, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, be exercised, executed, take Effect, and he of Force within the Kingdom of Ireland.

IV. And whereas Mariners and Seafaring Men, taking Advantage of the present War with Spain, Seamen in have insisted on very extravagant Wages, by which the Trade of the Nation, and the Manning of the Merchants Ser Royal Navy, is put under great. Difficulties For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority pay more than aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand 35s. personth, seven hundred and forty-one, until the first Day of March following, no Person or Persons, Bodies Po except such litick or Corporate, shall by themselves, or by any other Person or Persons, directly or indirectly, by ^eremadebe way of Gift, Loan, Premium, Deposit, or by any other Means, Device or Contrivance whatsoever, 'fore March n, give or pay, or agree to give or pay, to any common Seaman, Mariner or Seafaring Man, or any Person 174°- EXP. employed or to be employed as such, on Board any Merchant Ship or Vessel; nor shall any such Seaman, Mariner or Seafaring Man, or other Person as aforesaid, directly or indirectly, by any the Means aforesaid, take or receive more Wages, Pay or Hire, than after the Rate of thirty-five Shillings per Month, and in the same Proportion for any greater or lesser Time than a Month, for his Service during the Whole or any Part of the Voyage he shall be bound for or go upon', excepting what shall be paid or received by virtue of, and according to, such Contracts in Writing, which have been, or shall be, made on or before the eleventh Day of 'March one thousand seven hundred and forty, really and bona fide, according to the Method, and in the Manner, prescribed in and by an act of Parliament of the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government aa Geo. 2. of Seamen in the Merchants Ships; and all Contracts, Agreements, Bonds, Notes, Writings, Instruments C 36.' and Securities, of what Nature or Kind soever, for the paying or receiving more or greater Wages, Pay ur Hire than as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, if made or entered into after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, and before the first Day of March following, are hereby declared to be, and shall be absolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever and if made or entered into after the eleventh Day of March in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of the same Month, shall be void only as to so much of the vtages, Pay or Hire thereby agreed for, as shall exceed the Rate and Proportion of thirty-five Shillings per Month, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this act; and if Penalty on eiv any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall give or pay, or agree to give or pay, to ing greater 5 any Seaman or other Person, any more or greater Wages or Hire than as aforesaid, contrary to the true Wages.

Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Sum or Value so given or paid, or agreed to be given or paid, as aforesaid, for the whole Voyage on which such Ship or Vessel is or shall be bound, the said Penalty to be divided and paid in Moieties; one Moiety thereof to the Use of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and in the Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

EXP.

Vql. VI K k k V. Provided,

434

Proviso,

Concerning tnen, see fa, 17 Geo. '2.

Preamble, citing the 12 Anne. 15.

See farther 26 Geo. 2. & 2 Geo. 3.

9 Geo. 2. C

10 G. 2.

11 Geo. 2. \2 Geo. 2, C 13 Geo. 2.

C 39, 40. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 174r.

V. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to any Contracts or Agreements for the Hire of any Seaman, or Persons employed as such, in Voyages from any Parts beyond the Seas, to fther any there Parts beyond the Seas, or to Great Britain, C 34, 18 Geo. 2. c. 31. zogfo. 2. C 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 31 Geo. 2. r. 10.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Longitude and Latitude thereof.

Act

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Publick Reward for such Person or Persons

fall discover the Longitude at Sea, the Commissioners therein named, or any five or more of them,

have hrh Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them, for discover ing the said Longitude; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think proper to make experiment thereof,

they shall certify the same under their Hands and Seals to the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being, together with the Persons Names who are Authors of such Proposals 3 and upon pro ducing such Certificate, the said Commissioners are thereby authorised and required to make out a ' Bill or Bills for any Sum of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary for making the

Experiments, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for Discovery of the Longitude, to make those Experiments: And for a due and sufficient Encouragement to any such Person or Persons as shall discover a proper Method for find ing the said Longitude, it is thereby further enacted, That the Authors or Discoverers of any such Method shall be entitled to the respective Sums therein mentioned, if it determines the said Longitude according to the respective Degrees of Exactness in the said Act described; and that a Moiety or such

or Sum shall be due and 'paid, when the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them,

agree that such Method extends to the Security of Ships within eighty Geographical Miles of the

Shores, which are Places of the greatest Danger: And whereas it is absolutely necessary for ma

such Discovery useful at Sea, and for the Security of Ships approaching near the Shores, that the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands

and Plantations thereto belonging, should be first surveyed, and the Longitude and Latitude of such Places determined more exactly than has hitherto been done: And whereas some doubts have arisen, whether by the Words of the said Act of Parliament the said Sum of two thousand Pounds appointed for making such Experiments, or any Part thereof, can be applied for such Survey, or six ing the Longitude or Latitude of such places be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a(fem, bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said of for discovering the Longitude, or any five or more of them, shall have full Power to apply such Part of the said Sum of two thousand Pounds mentioned in the said Act, as has not already been laid out in Experiments, as they shall think necessary, for the making such Survey, and determining the Longitude and Latitude of the Chief Ports and Head Lands, on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Blands and Plantations thereto belonging; and that such Sum or Sums, Part of the said two thousand Pounds, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them shall think necessary, 'shall be paid immediately by the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to make such Survey, and determine such Longitude and Latitude, out of the Money that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, unap

r. il'. piled, for the Use of the Navy.

CAP. XL

*9 An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from tyre r3s; City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum

o3i6. of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in

them, and for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge Lottery of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

PR.

WHEREAS tyre Money already raised for and towards building a Bridge cross the River tioair.cs,

from the Woolstaple or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surreyby virtue of several Acts of Parliament made in the Reign of his present Majesty, will not be sufficient to answer and defray the Expenses of finishing and completing the Building of the said intended Bridge, and the several other necessary Works by the said Acts of Parliament directed to be done and performed; Therefore may it please your Majesty that it may enacted. (Ac,

275,000 I.

"275, 00oh to be advanced by 5l. Lottery Tickets. Adventurers allowed 2l. 10for every; o Tickets Sufcrthtr

"they subscribe for. directors of the former Lottery continued, i s I, percent. for every Prize, j s6

"amounting in the whole to 41, 250l. to be deducted. Residue of the Moneys to be applied to the build co. V e.aa.' "ing the Bridge. Penalty on idling Chances of Tickets for less than the whole'l ime of drawing. 29 2. f.

"500l. Penalty on selling Interests in Tickets not in the person's Possession. Commissioners may pur 3t* "chase Lands, V to make new Ways."

CAP. XLI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrasts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous not only to raise such Supplies as are necessary to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War with Success, but also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million, out of the Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and to that End and Purpose. do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Treasury toif by or out of such Moneys as noware, or shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of out of the.

the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been direct'

by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued, and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of thirty-nine thousand five other Sums hundred eighty eight Pounds ten Shillings, and ten Pence three Farthings, now remaining in the Reappropriated to ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and [he parent forty, but not applied for the Service of that Year and also the Sum of eleven thousand four hundred Year, thirty-four Pounds and four Shillings, remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, reserved to be disposed of by the Authority of Parliament, shall and may be issued and applied as Part of his Majesty's Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas for many Years past there have been no considerable new Loads or Veins of Tin For butlam and Copper discovered, and the greatest and most considerable Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall are become so deep, that all Means for the draining Water out of them have al 13. '

ready proved ineffectual; and it hath been found by Experience, that under the present Duties upon 10j& 11 rfr 3*

Coals the Application of Fire Engines to the draining the Waters out of the Mines in the said County g f. 4.

of Cornwall hath been impracticable, from" the great Expense attending the same; Therefore for the 9^fe«.v.'6?t?zz. Encouragement of such valuable Works, wherein a great Number of 'Pinners, Labourers and Adven 11 am p 2 turerfc are employed, and subsist thereby; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after ^£'. 1. C 9. the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, for all Coals which shall be 6 <?«. 1. <. 4! used in Fire Engines, for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper, within, the said County of Cornwall, and for which Duties have been first answered and paid, a Drawback shall be al incowa; i//°shall lowed and made of all such Duties, upon Proof by Oath made before the Custovner or Collector of the be allowed a laid Duties (which Oath he is hereby empowered and required to administer) that such Coals have been Duties °salt soused and applied, which Drawback of all the said Duties shall be returned and paid by the Collector j Dutyl'n of the said Duties to fudi Person so making Proof as aforesaid. cws pi farther

IV. And whereas it may so happen, that there may be a want of Money for carrying on the cur*['Y'*Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, before Moneys sufficient, |, " C r9; ' may have arisen into the Exchequer from the said Surplusses, to satisfy and pay the said Sum of one million by this Act granted; 'In such Case it shall and may lie lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any

kkk.a three

436 C 41' Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

Money to be three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, by Warrant under their Hands t]°e'si; tkin°n to Pf*1 an suffer any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, or Corporate, to advance and lend Fund at; £ to his Majesty at the Receipt of his Exchequer, lb much Money as together with the Moneys then re

ic s: percent, maining in the said Exchequer of the said Surplusses, Exeesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be wanting to complete the said Sum of one Million, upon Credit of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Excelfes or Overplus Moneys, and to be repaid out of the same, axe they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with an Interest for the Forbearance thereof in the mean Time, after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; anything herein. before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. the supphcs, ° V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parlia land Tax. ment, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be 'raffed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising tyre said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, Malt Tax. either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part, of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parlia sait Tax. ment, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt; 'and upon Red and tvhite Herrings, for the further Term of seven Years, and for allowing' Rock Salt to be used in making Salt from Sea jvater at the Salt works at Meath in the County of Glamorgan; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium or Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall Money remain be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also the Sum of thirty-nine thousand five hun chlquer.6 X dred eighty eight Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence three farthings, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, but not applied for the Service of that Year and the Sum of eleven thousand four hundred and thirty fourpounds four Shillings, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, reserved to be disposed of by Authority of Parliament; and the Sum of one million by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed, subject

nevertheless to such Restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say,

10d^for Naval' ^1. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall Services. and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two millions two hundred sixty four thousand six hundred ninety one Pounds ten shillings and ten Pence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say) For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, 'and for half-pay to Sea Officers, for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be per 10;, 27; 1. 18s. formed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed.

8 d. for Trans

VII. And it is hereby also enabled. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there thtffoicesan<^ may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and five America. thousand two hundred seventy five Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence, for or towards the Charge 124, 564]. 3 s. of Transports hired to carry the Forces to America; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one for vidlna^for hunched twenty-four thousand five hundred sixty four Pounds, eight Shillings and three Farthings, the Forces in for the Expense of Victuals provided for the Soldiers employed in the Expeditions in America.

America.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there

greenvvichho foal ansi may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, spitai, upon Account, for or towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the better

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

191, 2961. 4s.

IX. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there

office of the a ail mav he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred ninety ordnance. one thousand two hundred ninety six Pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament.

X. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there

forthcmarines. shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred twenty-four thousand fifty-two Pounds, and five Shillings, for defraying the Charge of six thousand nine hundred and thirty Marines, 'Commission and non commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

ninety

A.D. 1741. Anno decimo quarto Georgii II.

C 41. 437

ninety thousand two hundred and one Pounds ten Shillings for raising and maintaining four thousand 9°>1c, L six hundred and twenty additional Marines, Commission and non commission Officers included, for the "ddhional Ma? Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty one. rincs.

XI. And it is hereby likewise cnaeled, that out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million >.703, 1941. 6». seven hundred and three thousand one hundred ninety four Pounds six Shillings, and twopence three fo/maintainin^' Farthings, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more thcland forc: % particularly expressed; that is to say, Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight hundred Jor ille us so* eighty three thousand one hundred eighty nine Pounds, two Shillings and sixpence, for defraying the jjgti sg l'i'«, Charge of twenty-nine thousand and thirty-three effctftive Men, Commission and non commission 6 d. foi Guards Officers included; and also including two Regiments of Foot employed on the Expedition under the and gamfims. late Lord Cathcart, and two thousand three hundred twenty - two Invalinds; for Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums [of Money not exceeding one hundred six z'd'ior^ o s' teen thousand three hundred twenty-two Pounds four Shillings and twopence, for raising and main additional taining five thousand seven hundred and five additional Land Forces, Commission and non com Land Forces, million Officers included, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or 266, 41a!. 16s. Stuns of Money not exceeding two hundred sixty six thousand five hundred and twelve Pounds six 5d halfpenny teen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plan x^no?ctf°gi at tations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placen braitar, C tia, Gibraltar and Georgia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or 4.94?> s. Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand nine hundred forty-eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and pedn/onersuof fourpence, upon Account, for the Out pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven chelsea hof hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-six thousand one hundred pital fifty seven Pounds ninteen Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Ex \ and Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and not provided for forextraordi by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-three thousand nine hundred nary Expenses ninety five Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, four maintaining a Regiment of Foot raised in ear America, for his Majesty's Service, consisting of thirty-six Companies, for the Service of the Year one 53, 9951. 13 s thousand seven hundred and forty-one, commencing the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand 4d ^rare^i seven hundred and forty inclusive; any Sum or Sums of Aloney not exceeding eleven thousand six America. t m hundred and eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, for maintaining the Charge of several u, 6nl. 13 s. Officers appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces on board the Fleet in the Expedition under the 4d fr ° "cers Command of the late Lord Cathcart, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any forces for'lord Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand two hundred seventy seven Pounds ten Shil cathcart's ex lings, for maintaining the Charge of the Staff Officers, appointed by his Majesty, to attend the Hospi pedi, on n tal established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of the late Lord Cathcart, for the p \e0s.ee'Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fe for Staff offi venty five thousand nine hundred fifty-two Pounds seven Shillings and fourpence Farthing, for defray ^rsf ratitnld ing the Expense of six thousand Hessians, taken into his Majesty's Pay, from the twenty-fifth Day of established for March exclusive, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, in the raid expect! elusive, being two hundred seventy five Days; as also the Sum of thirty thousand two hundred and tlon': ll s five Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence, for what remains unpaid for levy money for the said ^fartimig Forces, pursuant to a Treaty dated the ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty; and for6cco Hei ' the Sum of forty-nine thousand six hundred and eight Pounds six Shillings and one Penny, for what r, ans j " remains payable of the Subsidy for the six thousand Hessians taken into his Majesty's Pay, to the twenty °!np.ffd of fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, pursuant to a Treaty dated the the levy rrio said ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 5 .' exceeding sixty nine thousand eight hundred forty-one Pounds, five Shillings, and fourpence Halfpenny, 49, 6081. 6 s. for defraying the expence of six thousand.dcra« taken into his Majesty's Pay, from the twenty-fifth Day of > d. of the March exclusive, to the twenty-fifth Due, of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, fjue^n/or inclusive, being two hundred seventy five Days; as also the Sum of twenty-five thousand eight hun 69, 841 L 5 s. dred seventy five Pounds, for what remains unpaid for the levy money for the said Forces, pursuant to 4 d. Halfpenny, a Treaty dated the fourteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, New Style; for. 0 ancs' and also the Sum of forty-four thousand five hundred sixty nine Pounds eight Shillings and one Pen oi. unpaid ny, for what remains payable of the Subsidy for the six thousand Danes taken into his Majesty's Pay, ^0t^cyi evy* to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, pursuant to the said Treaty dated the fourteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine. New Style; yab9ie of'th'e1' and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-nine thousand three hundred Pounds [seven subsidy. Shillings and sixpence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces z9v5°°i. 7 s and Marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, subject nevertheless to such Ly' officer" Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning pay the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred twenty six ia j."ns°to re pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's I, and Forces and duced Officer Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to widows, them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; which said Sum of four thousand one hundred twenty six Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over 8.. to

433

C 41.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii XI A.D. 1741.

cojocol. to suppoit the Queen of Hungary.

C 02i 1. jos. id. Halfpenny to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties.

to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to' direct and appoint.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, for the further enabling his Majesty in the moult effectual Manner to support the Queen of Hungary, for preventing the Subversion of the House of Austria, and for the maintaining the Pragmatick Sanction, and supporting the Liberties and Balance of Power in Europe.

XIII. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand twenty-one Pounds ten Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for raising one million two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one;

ao, oooo I. to the and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to replace to the said Sink sinking Fund. ing Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for one year's Interest due on or before the eighth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum on the principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red more to fhe6d' anc White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and any Sum or Sums of Money not

sinking Fund,

exceeding twenty-three thousand seven hundred and eleven Pounds eight Shillings and sixpence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from Britisi) or Foreign Fruits, or Sugar, at mid futnmer one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, at three Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest on five hundred thousand Pounds charged thereon; and any Sum or Sums of a4oney not exceeding foui 1 to the thousand Pounds, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Samt Peter, ifejhmnjitr rtpiiring West and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase three Leasehold House: mmfter Abbey, now standing on the North Side of the said Church, and to pull down the same, in order to lay oper 10,000 1. to the whole North Side of the said Church; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousanc Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British) Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England', on the Coast of Africa, and there shall and may be issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousanc. Pounds, by them to be applied for the further settling and improving the said Colony; and any Suir aotcoo kto the or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, for the re settling and re establishing tin Sufferers at unhappy Sufferers of the Province of Carolina, in the late dreadful Fire at Charles Town; and any Sun Charles Town or Sums of Money, not exceeding six thousand two hundred forty-nine Pounds sixteen Shillings ant 4a. fur Pence three Farthings, to make good the Loss sustained by several Merchants, and by the Officer ^'drtlungs, for commanding the six new raised Independent Companies of Foot in the Island of Jamaica, by the Sail b^the Failure ure Master Henry Popple, appointed by his Majesty, Agent to the said Companies; and any Sumo oj Henry pop Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and sixteen Pounds seventeen Shilling pie. and fourpence three Farthings, to make good the Loss sustained by Richard Fitzwittiam Esquire, Cap

ad 'Farthings' tain an Independent Company of Foot in the Island of New Providence, on Account of the Payo 4.3 ar na. tjje company under his Command, by the Failure of the said Henry Popple, appointed by his Majesty Agent to the said Company; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and lift' Pounds, to make good a Loss sustained by the receiver-general of Scotland, by the Failure of the fair Henry Popple.

06251. 4s. 3d.

XIV. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore make lroocu he ac there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thou fa ni Deficiency cf six hundred twenty-five Pounds four Shillings and threepence three Farthings, for making good the De the General ficiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty. Fund.,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not b

issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by an Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Act of this present Session of Parliament; and as to the said Sum of twenty-nine thousand three hundrei Pounds seven jsb filings and sixpence by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid Application of is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribei

- shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or re

ceive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Tim when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he iferved, was reduced; that no Person (ha; ! have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment. Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Imnloyment of Profit, Civil or Mill! tary, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of an Garifori or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have 0 receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who hat 8 - religne

wards maintaining the African Forts. io, ocol. to the Colony of

also 6.501.

half-pay,

See 15 Geo. 2. c. 19.

A.D. 1741. Anno dccinio quarto Georgii II. c. 42. 439

resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, aftijceo.z.

1. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the C 23/

Year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds out of the growing Produce of the said Fund; and for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty-one thousand Pounds one Shilling and eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by Sale of Lands in the If and of Saint Christophers, and for the further appro' printing the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament; several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed,

amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-four thousand five hundred eighty seven Pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, enacted and de 1 dared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of thirty-four thousand five hundred The Overplus

eighty seven Pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according zvliow

to the Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such to\epappiicdv.

Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or loti their Limbs in the

late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything In this Act, or the said former Adito the contrary notwithstanding "

"for lost Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, C Further Time given to Clerks and Ap "EXP.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the Highways of this Kingdom are greatly damaged and made ruinous by the ex, lt jj, ceftive Weights carried thereon; 'For preventing thereof. Be it enacted by the King's mostm.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and b

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and ii Geo. 2. A?, lfter the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, it shall and may Trustees ap oe lawful to and for all Trustees appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, by any Act or Acts of p0 "*rre Parliament for the Repairs of any Highway or Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Eng may cause land, or for any five of them, at any or as many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, as they have erected, or Weighing en shall credt, for the receiving of any Toll or Tolls, to order and cause to be built or erected any Crane, fr£aed°atethe Machine or Engine, which they shall judge proper, for the weighing of Carts, Wagons, or other toil gates; Carriages, for the conveying of any Goods or Merchandise whatsoever, and by Writing signed by them, Farther front any five of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages, which shall pass through X'tcuo. f. any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof; and for them, or any five of §7 6' ' 3' them, or for any Person or Persons empowered by them, or any five of them, to receive and take, over a, nd shall weigh and above the roll already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the Sum of twenty Shillings a hundred goodss es and k Weight for every hundred Weight which every such Cart, Wagon or Carriage, together with the and take 20 s. Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weight of sixty hundred; and that the Money aris 3 Hundred for ing from such additional Duty of twenty Shillings the hundred, shall be applied to the Repair of such weight, to be Highway or Highways where such Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, are or shall be placed. appfied'to

1 II Provided always, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven mending the Hundred and forty-one, it shall and may be lawful for any Farmer or other Person to carry Goods for Farmers may Hire, from the fifteenth Day of April to the twenty-ninth Day of September, in Carriages drawn on carry Goods Wheels bound with Streaks or Tyre of any Breadth; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise forhire> C notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay such additional cotleflors may Duty of twenty Shillings the hundred as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said True seize for the lees, or any five of them, or any Person or Persons empowered by them or any five of them, to levy 2ddltional the same by Distress and Sale of Goods of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, in such Manu ner as they are empowered to levy any other Toll or Duty which is or shall be given by any other Statute or Statutes for Repair of such Highway or Highways, where such Cranes, Machines or other Engines shall be placed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall orp do hinder, or with Force, or otherwise attempt to hinder or obstruct the weighing any such Cart, Wag ftn^o^pofing6^ gone or Carriage as aforesaid, or the seizing, distraining or carrying away any such Distress, or any Mat the Collector* ter or Thing which shall be seized, distrained or taken for Default of Payment of the said additional in their Duty. Toll or Duty of twenty Shillings the hundred;, or shall refeue the same, or use any Violence to any Person

440 C 43.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. A.D. 1741.

"whit Carriages shall not be weighed.

at 5 Geo.

«.12. strengtly

repi

ed by 15 Geo. 2.

Person or Persons concerned in such Weighing, Distraining or Seziure; every such Person shall, on Oath thereof made by one Witness before a Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such. Offence shall be committed, or such Offender shall dwell, be sent to the common Gaol of such County or Place for three Months, and shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be employed in the Repair of the said Highways; which Penalty shall be levied on the Goods of such Person so offending as aforesaid, by awarrant from such Justice; and if the Penalty be not paid in three Days after Distress made, the Person who shall be authorised by the said Warrant to make such Distress, may sell the said Goods, and detain out of the Money arising from such Sale the said Penalty of ten Pounds, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the said Goods.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be deemed or construed to extend to Carts, Wagons, or other Carriages employed only about Husbandry, or carrying of only Cheese, Butter, Hay, Straw, Corn unthreshed, or Chalk, or any one Stone, Block of Marble or Piece of Timber, nor to Caravans, or the covered Carriages of Noblemen and Gentlemen for their private Use, or such Timber, Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for his Majesty's Service.

VI. And whereas and Act was made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts faffed for repairing and

amending the Highways of this Kingdom; which hath proved insufficient for that Purpose, by reason that the said Act extends to such Wagons and Carts only as travel for Hire, and by reason of many Dif ' Acuities in the Manner of convicting and punishing the Offenders against the same; 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and all and singular the Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend to all Wagons

ned, and made and Carts, and to the Owners and Drivers thereof, his and their Horses, with the Geers, Bridles, hal niore extensive. ters and Accoutrements, whether travelling for Hire, or not for Hire, or in any Manner whatsoever; n part repeal ancj tat a]j ancj every Person and Persons who shall offend against the said Act, or this present Act, shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted upon Oath within the Space of three Days next after such Offence before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty or Division, where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Offender or Offenders shall happen to be) severally forfeit, be subject and liable to, the respective Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act contained; to be levied, recovered and applied in such Manner, and to such Uses, as in and by the said Act is mentioned and directed; his and their Horses, with the Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, shall for the Space of three Days next after such Offence be and remain, subject and liable to such Seizures and Distresses, and for the Use and Benefit of such Person and Persons, as they would or might have been, had they been seized or distrained in the Fact, during the Commission of such Offence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall at any Time or Times hereafter be brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Matter or Thing which he, she or they shall General issue. do, or cause to be done by virtue or in Execution of this Act, that in such Case the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Actions shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence on any Trial or Trials to be hereafter had in such Action or Actions; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action of Actions shall discontinue such Action or Actions, or become nonsuit, or if Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Treble Costs, such Action or Actions, that then the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Actions shall re ctmarmvg High cover his or their Treble Costs of Suit: any Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever to the contrary in any notwithstanding

£« C 33. 2i g!wi 2> f, 2s. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 £? 30. 28 Geo 2. C 17. 30 Geo. 1. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. r. 34.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to enable fhomes Smith, Esq; Lord of the Manor of Farlington in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Costs and Charges.

PR.

WHEREAS the conveying good and wholesome Water to the Town of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton, and the Parts adjacent, will be very desirable, and of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, as well as for the Garilon, the public Offices, and Shipping; May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, UY.

"Fresh Water to be brought to Portsmouth, from Springs in Farlington. Pipes to be laid through the "king's Roads, 'and private Estates, paying for all Damages. Damages to be settled by a Jury. Ver "to be enrolled by the Clerk of the Peace, which shall be binding, and not removed to another Court. Ground shall not be entered on, till Satisfaction paid. Pipes may be laid through the Streets. x' Ur. of Portsmouth. Not to damage the Fortifications. Proviso, in Behalf of other Springs.

Anne

I. D. 1742.

C r j 2. 44 r

Anno decimo quinto GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the first Day of December, 174.1, in

the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, GY. being the sir if session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two. EXP. See 20 Geo. 2. c. 5.

And the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt, to discover whether all such Malt made r Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or Places, to exported, has been really exported; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Mjlttereon 14 ch Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou j"ne 1742, to fid seven hundred and forty-two, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Store clear uut°' 'q11' pufe, or in any other Place or Places, as is before directed, to be exported, mail, within fifteen Months ^hhin*

xt after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, remove and clear fifteen Mumh«. jit of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Time af r the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two shall be locked up and rured in such Storehouse, or other Place, in order to be exported; and shall always, from Time to Time, every fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehouse, or other Place or Places, in order to be ported, all and every Part and Parcel of Malt, that at any Time within every fifteen Months after the ft clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be ide use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and lo g the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CAP. II.

n atto repeal so much of an Act passed in the !aft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, as obliges Persons not travelling for Hire to make use of Wagons with Wheels bound with Streaks or Tyre of a certain Breadth, or the said Streaks to be fattened with Nails of a certain 1 Size.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the Preservi preamble, rc tion of the Public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, reciting, That whereas an citing the Acts Act vas made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act >4 Geo. 2. c. 42. for making more ejfcshlal the several asis puffed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, and which had proved insufficient for that Purpose, by reason that the said Act extended to such Wagons^e0, C* Carts only as travelled for Hire, and by reason of many Difficulties in the Manner of convicting and punishing the Offenders against the same; it was enacted, That the said Act, and all and singular the Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, should extend, and be construed to extend to all Wagons and Carts, and to the Owners and Drivers thereof, his and their Horses, with the Geers, Bridles, Halters, and Accoutrements, whether travelling for Hire or not for Hire, or in any Manner whatsoever, and that.all and every Person and Persons who should offend against either of the said Acts, should for every such Offence (being thereof Coilvifted as therein is mentioned) severally forfeit, be subject and liable to the respective Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act of the fifth Year of his late Majesty contained, to be levied, recovered, and applied in such Manner, and to such Uses, as in and by the said Act is mentioned and directed, and his and their Horses, with the Geers, Bridles, and Accoutrements, should, for the Space of three Days next after such Offence, be and remain subject and liable to such Seizures and Distresses, and for the Use and Benefit of such Person and Persons, as they would or might have been, had they been seized or distrained in the Fast during the Commission of such Offence: And whereas the extending such Part of the said Act as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks or Tyre with which the Wheels of Wagons are to be bound, or to the Nails with which they are to be fetor fattened on to such Wagons as do not travel for Hire, or to the Owners or Drivers thereof, has been found inconvenient to Farmers and others, and highly detrimental to the Markets of this Kingdom; ' Be it enacted by the King's cetnener? it: oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Cords Spiritual and Temporal, and waysjaf its ommons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the 16c«. a: id Act of the last Session of Parliament, as tends to extend such Part of the said Act of the fifth Year of 033.

s late Majesty, as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks or Tyre, or to the Nails with which they are to be

t or fattened on to such Wagons as do not travel for Hire, or to the Owners or Drivers thereof, stall, f rjd. S

om and after the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, be and is hereby re Gf 30.

Med to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. sst o 2 C »->.

30 Geo. 2. c. 23, 31 Geo. 2. r. 34.

I

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

44 2 G

Preamble

A Million to be raiseu for the Service of the Year 1742.

Clause of Credit,

at 3l. 1 os, percent.

Tallies to be struck, and Orders for Repayment with Interest as above,

To be paid in Course.

Officers to take no Fees.

Penalty for taking Fees, and for undue Prese:

: A P. III

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Sup ply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.

MOST Gracious Sovereign: We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons o: Great Britain in Parliament assembleri, being desirous not only to raise such Supplies as are necefiarj to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War with Vigour, but also to use such Ways and Meatu therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolvec to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Surpluses, Exceiles, and Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking fun/l, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and to that End and Purpose do most humbh, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are or shall: from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surpluses, Excesses, 01 Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, foi and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundrec and forty-two, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three of more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, art hereby authorised and empowered to ifiuc and apply the same accordingly.

Jf. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or thd high treasurer for the time being, shall think II adviseable to raise the said 'sum of one million, of any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Mannci hereafter mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the said sur plufies, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, 'Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds ten shillings/>d*r Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or am three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thi Treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as sail a. such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent upon th( Security of this Act shall be rated or afieffed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upoi the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediate have a Tally of Loan struck. for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing th same Date with his, her, or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant so Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds ten Shilling per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and al such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Order shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first en tred in the said Books of Register, shall he taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be pad out of the said surplusses, Excesses, and overplus Moneys; and he, fne, and they, who shall have his her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liabl to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Execu tors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoeve (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behai

aiv

as aforesaid;,) that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, VI or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his majesu' Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieve by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such See o Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall he madeei tiler in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Of ficers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Valuer the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, an 1 shall be forejudged of his Office or Place; and i such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Af iftrr then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be soever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the fai Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall he adjudged to fow'ai

an

A.D.

I? #2.

Anno decimo x5.uin.to Georgii II.

C 4) 5- 'AA:

nci the respective Deputies and Clqrks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and soils, in such Manner as aforesaid; which find Penalties, forfeitu.es, Damages and Coils, to be in Penaltiei how urted by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerics, iltall and may be recovered 10 >= rcccvcu J. y Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; therein no Elly in, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint hall beta

tny wife granted or allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it hall happen that several Tallies of Loan or n0 undu^ recorders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date orb brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be facncc. egiitred, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them

ill the same Day.

V provided also, That it hall not be interpreted an undue Preference, to incur any Penalty, in point of si.bsequent Or

dayment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders may be pjid lets, to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did and.

not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course; so as there be so much Money reserved ny icl is will satisfy precedent Orders, which hall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them, Interest upon topey precedent Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them., Orders when devi.

And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Moneyshall be due mandcrf*

for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his. Transfers alitor or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be endorsed and owed>

written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, interest.and benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other 5 which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without fee. or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may. in like Manner assign again, and so taties quatier \ and afterwards it hall not be in the Power of such person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is

herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any Treasury msy three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of raise the Sum by the Treasury for the time being, hall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Exchequer Bills, Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills instead of such Loans as aforesaid; then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, -

at the Exchequer any Number of new Exchequer Bills for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum. of one million, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner,

Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Par to be made out 1: -- --r - u- - Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one accordlns to ths

Lament for continuing the Duties upon Malt,

and

prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be Kulesof the

Malt Act,

thousand seven hundred and forty-two, are enabled made in pursuance of the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, and earrythe Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned same Powers, Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act: (except such Clauses &c'

as do charge the same on the Duties or Impositions granted or continued by the same Act) mail be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this present Act.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made in The Exchequer pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same. Bills to te paid shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and horn by or out of the growing put of the Sink produce of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except L Fur: d' such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or

other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be blued and applied, as fast as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for or towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserveft in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quare

A P. V

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road /mv Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks; and for building a Bridge at Paabury, and making it a County Bridge.

PR.

The Tolls altered, and continued for zt Years.

L I i 2

444 C 6> "*3

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

CAP. VI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one of the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called The Horfot House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel in the County of Bucks, to the Horjhoe House.

PR.

The two Acts continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Reads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley in the County of Worcester; and from the aid Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove in the County of jforcester, and for making the same more effectual.

PR.

Continuance for 21 Years.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof.

PR.

CAP. IX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one of the first, and the other' of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex; for amending the Road leading from Brent bridge, over Harwell heath, through the Parishes of Harwell, New brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road in the said County.

PR.

The Acts continued for 21 Years.

CAP. X

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King jvuliam the Third, for erecting work houses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there; and the other passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty1 Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor of the said Town.

PR.

CAP. XI.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two. EXP. 4 s. in the Pound.

CAP. XII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Pariftdoners of Saint Catherine Coleman, in fen»hurch Street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Par if; and for making the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

PR.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.

Preamble, ret iriig the Acts 7 Anne, C 7.

ERE AS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (entitled, An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine) it was declared and enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ' and their Successors for ever, should continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy the entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, ' out of certain Rates and Duties of Excise therein described, and such Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Au

Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, as are therein expressed j subject

to a Power and Condition of Redemption in that Act contained in that Behalf j and it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time upon twelve Months Notice after the first Day of An. ' gufl, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not be fore, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, 1 or their Successors, of the several Sums amounting to one million six hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said Sum ' of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Succefi ors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounas per Annum,

and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer

4

44-5

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 13.*

chequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors,

should have remaining in their Stands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid; Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the same Act, only excepted)

then, or in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, should

and determine; as by the said Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of her said late majesty's Reign, !lni'4 (entitled, An Act to raise one million two hundred thousand Pounds for public Uses, by circulating a further ' ' Sum in Exchequer Bills, and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for the Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Ar

rears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned) it is, amongst other Things,

declared and enacted, That the before recited Proviso or Condition for determining the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon twelve Months Notice, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, iqjon such Payments as aforesaid, should be and was thereby re

and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Suc ' celfors, for ever, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and should for ever have, receive, and enjoy the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise,

together with a perpetual Succession, and all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Ex 4 emptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor and Company, of the Bank of England are, or before the making of the said Act were entitled by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters then in Force, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Rules, Directions,

Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them, then in Force,

were contained or prescribed; and it was thereby also further provided and enacted, That at any Time,

upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred

thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing to them

upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or he entitled to, at the Time of such No 4 tice to be given, as aforesaid; Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in the said former Acts, or any of them, or in the said recited Act, always excepted) then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine; and it is also further provided and enacted, That from and after such Redemption of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and from and after Redemption should be made by Parliament of the Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of her said late majesty's Reign, settled and payable to the said Governor and Company, in the Manner therein mentioned, and from and after Redemption should likewise be made of the Fund established by the said recited Act, in relation to the said Exchequer Bills; then,

and not till then, the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England should cease and determine; but till then the said Governor and Company should continue a Corporation, and should have and enjoy all the Powers and Privileges they were entitled to, as aforesaid, as by the same Act 4 (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in regard the common Interest for Money is very much lessened under your majesty's most auspicious Government, are willing and contented to advance and pay into the Receipt of your Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, the further Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, upon their present yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, being allowed a Discount after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for the same, from the respective Time or Times of advancing or paying the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, into the Exchequer, as afortaid, to the first Day of Aitgijl one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, over and above the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are also willing to accept of an Annuity of ninety six thousand Pounds from the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, being after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the whole Principal Sum of three million two hundred thousand Pounds, together with the Allowance of four thousand Pounds per Annum, hitherto granted them towards their Charges of Ma 4 nagement, subject to such Conditions and power of Redemption as are herein after mentioned; provided that the present yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds payable to the said Governor and Company, in respect of their said Original Capital of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, be continued unto them until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and that the Privilege of exclusive banking, and all other the Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises,

Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages in this Act, or any former Act mentioned or contained,

4 be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Company: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous, not only to raise the necessary Supplies with as much Ease as is possible to your majesty's Subjects, for the carrying on the present War with Vigour, but also to use such Ways and Means in doing thereof, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company to advance the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds in the Manner herein after mentioned, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's

most7

2 Anne C 11.

446 C3

Anno decimo quiet to Georgii II. A.D. n742

Bank to advance 1, 600,000 1. for the piefent Year.

Each Payment not to be less than 4c0 000 1. at a month's Notice.

Three percent, to be di (counted,

The Bank, on Failure of Payment, to forfeit 12 I. percent, with Costs, and their Stock liable.

Provisoes of Redemption in the acts 7 and 12 Annse, lepealed.

Privileges of perpetual suc cefiion, and exclusive banking confirmed.

till August: i, 1764.

8 Geo. 1. C ?.i

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, an' Commons, in this present Parliament nfl embled, and by the Authority of the same, that the find Governor and Company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall advance and pay into the Paid Receipt o, j his Majesty's Exchequer lor his Majesty's Use, the full Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, at such Times and in such Proportions, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, 01 the High Treasurenfor the Time being, shall think fit to direct and appoint, so as the said Governor anc company.be not obliged to pay more than four hundred thousand Pounds at anyone Time, nor without, having one month's Notice, before each respective Time of Payment.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, the said Governor and Company shall have and receive back by way of Discount, so much as the Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per /tnmmi for each sum.of Money which shall be actually advanced and paid, for or upon Accoum of the said Sum oi one million six hundred thousand Pounds shall amount unto, from the Day of the actual Payment thereof, until the first Day of av.gujl one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of england anau make Failure in any of the said Payments so by this Act ap 1 pointed to be made, into his Majesty's Exchequer, as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times before limited in that Behalf, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and maybe recovered to his Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, inanyot his Majesty's Courts of Record at tvejhnmjier, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the Paid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys of which they flail have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, Bill, Suit, or Information there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Use agailift the said governer.and Company of the sail Bank of England, Damages, after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Centum for the Moneys so; unpaid con j trary to this Act, besides full Costs of Suit, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

III. And for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance

and pay the said sum.of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, with such Discount out of the same as aforesaid; to the end the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, may have a competent re compence and Consideration for so doing; it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Provisoes contained in the said recited Acts of tneseventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annf., and each of them, and all other Provisoes contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament for determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the respective Notices and Payments in the same respective Acts mentioned, shall be and are hereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England (o enlarged as aforesaid, and their suc cefiqrs for ever shall remain, continue, and be one body Corporate and Politic, by the name. aforesaid, and shall forever have, receive, and enjoy the said entire.yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession, and Privilege of exclusive banking, as herein after is mentioned; and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto" the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are, or before the making this al were, entitled by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or either of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters whatsoever now in Force, all which are by this Act ratified and confin.ncd to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption hereby repealed, cr intended to be repealed as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever, heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said Corporation, or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages, or any of them j1 subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Rules and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters and Things, as in the said A else and Charters, or any of them now in Force are contained or preferred, and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption, hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf.*'

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon twelve Months Notice after the firif Day of August, which Dial I be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the fin'd Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, as well of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds formaly advanced, as of the Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, before naentioned, now to be advanced, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of three million two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said Sum of three million two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon; Payment to the said Governor and Company, 'and their successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and lute rest Money which shall be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given, as aforesaid; Funds for.redemption whereof other Provssion is made in and by one Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George

D. 1742. Anno decimo quintd ge ortgii II C 13. 447

Ieorgk the First, intituled, An Act to enable the South Sea Company to dispose of the Effects in' their Hands f way of Lottery or Subscription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Annuity, payable at the exchequer, 'in order to ay the Debts of the far d Company; and for Relief of such who' tverc intended to have the benefit of a late act inching Payment of teh Pounds per Centum Wvrah mentioned; and in and by one other Act of Parliament t Geo. 2. c. 8. fade and passed in the first of Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for granting an Aid to is Majesty by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England at four Pounds per Centum redeemable by Parliament, nd charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, and for further applying the Produce of the sinking Fund, and or enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis and Saint christopher'r Debentures, for Annuiiids of three Pounds'

>ei"centum'; and for applying' the Arrears of his late Majesty's ' Citiil List 'Revenues, yrahd by orise other Act' of

'arliament mkde and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled An act 2 cco.z. C 3.

or raising a Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Etig

: uid, after the Rate four Pounds per Centum per Annum redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the ' Produce of the Sinking Fund, always and only excepted; then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said

early Fund of one bundled thousand Pounds final cease and determine.

V. And to prevent any Doubts that may arise concerning the Privilege or Power given by former acts of Arliament to the said Governor and Company of exclusive banking, and also in regard to the creating any ither Bank! or Banks by parliament, or retraining othdr Persons frbrn blinking during the Continuance of the aid Privilege granted to the Governor and Company of th'e'barik of England, as before recited; it" is hcfeby iirther enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, nootherbank nat no other Bank Avail be erected, citabhlhed or allowed by Parliament, 'and that it shall not be lawful for to beere(\yj in ] iny Bodj? Politic or Corporate whatsoever, erected or to be erected, or for any other Persons whatsoever, jnited or to be united in Covenants Or Partnership, exceeding the Number of six Persons, in that part' of p^nra,

Sreat Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or the Continuance Notes payable at Demand, or at any less Time than six Months fronvthe borrowing thereof, during thfe of this Act. Continuance of such said Privilege to the said Governor and Company, who are hereby declared; 'tol bfe and remain a1 Corporation', with the Privilege of exclusive banking as before recited, subject' to Redemption on; he Terms and Conditions before mentioned; that is to say, on one year's Notice after the first Day of dugtfl one thousand seven hundred and fikey four, and Repayment of th', e three million' two hundred thousand Pounds; and all Arrears of the one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and in tcreft Money that shall be owing them on all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills; or Parliamentary Funds (such Funds as are before mentioned only and always excepted] whien the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to at the Time of such noti'ce, to be giveri asafdresaid, and not other wise; anything in this Act, or any former Act or Acts 1 of Parliament to the eonitary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act of Parliament made and parted in thfe twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it is, among! other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for thur northeast ceflary Occasions, to call in, or direct to be paid to the said Governor and Company, and their Succef fors, by the respective Members of the said Company for the time being, proportionably to their respect'tive Ihtererts in the Fund or capital stock1 of the said Governor and Company, any Sum or sumsof money which the said Governor and Comp ariy in a general Court from time to time (liquid think northeast 1 ' cefl ary, which Moneys should be called in on such Notices, and in such 'Manner, 'and under such penal ties, as in the said recited Act are prescribrd; and that it should be lawful for the said Governor and Company, ' from time to time, in a General Court, to declare the said Money so called in, or any Part thereof, and frond such Time as such General Court should direct, to be added to the Capital Stock of said Governor and Company, and that from thenceforth such Moneys should be deemed and taken as Part of the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, and that the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company should be proportionably enlarged thereby; but no Power is given them by that or any other Act to increase their Capital Stock, by admitting or taking; in Subscriptions from any other Person or Persons than the Proprietors ': And whereas it is necessary that the said Governor and Company should be enabled to serve the Publick in such way and Manner as shall be rrioft safe and convenient for them Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Go power to enlace vemor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, in case they shall think fit, and not the Capital og otherwise, to admit and take in Subscriptions from such Person or Persons, and upon such Terms and Con the Bank, ditions, and at such Times as they shall think proper for enlarging 'their present Capital to any Sum not exceeding the further Sum of one million six hundred thousand rounds additional Stock, and from time to time in a general Court to declare, order, and make the same or any Part thereof, and from such Time or Times as such General Court shall order and direct, to be added to the present Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, and that then and from thenceforth, such Moneys shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, as; and for Part of the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, and the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company shall be proportionably enlarged thereby, and that all and every the Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, who shall! subscribe any Sum or Sums of Money, or for whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been subscribed towards the making up the said further Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds Stock, or such Part thereof, for which the said Governor and Company shall take in Subscriptions, and who shall have paid to the said Governor and Company the Sum so subscribed, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Person and Persons r spee tively, shall be, and be deemed and reputed to be. Members of, and united to, and incorporated with the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall at all Times, together with the other Members of the said Corporation, and Body Politic, and their Successors respectively be, and be adjudged, construed, reputed, accepted, am) taken to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the n.ime of

44-8 C 13. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and unified to the same Privileges, Advantages and Immunities, with the present Members of the said Corporation; any Law, Statute, or Provision to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding. f rtfiettncvv " '* 's hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Capital Stock of the said Governor

stock?r new ard Company of the Bank of England, so increased as aforesaid, shall be assignable and transferrable in the same Manner as the Original Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company was assignable and transferrable before the making of this Act; and together with the Produce thereof, shall be free from Parliamentary Taxes, Charges and Impositions, and all other Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever; and the Transfers or Assignments of Stock or additional Stock in the Books of the said Company, shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater Stamp, or other Duties than are now payable for the Transfers or Assignments of their present Stock, or any Part thereof; anything in this Act contained, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Being Governor,

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Per soil in respect of his being cof the Bank, Governor, Deputy Governor, Director, Manager or Member of the said Company, or for having any to create n Dif Stock or Share therein, or for any Matter or Thing to be by him done or performed in the Affairs of

a 1 lty" the said Corporation, shall be now or at any Time hereafter disabled from being or continuing, or from being

elected, or serving as a Member of Parliament, or be liable, or subject to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability prescribed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for not qualifying himself to execute his Trust with respect to the Affairs of the said Corporation, as Persons who shall take or execute any Office or Place of Profit or Trust are subject and liable unto, by any Law now in Force, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt, within the Intent or Meaning of all or any the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the

true Infent and Meaning of this Act, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall have, receive and enjoy the said Annuity of one hundred thousand Pounds now payable to them, in respect of their said Original Capital Stock of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, until the said first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, over and above the Interest of the said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds tone advanced, as aforesaid; which Interest the said Governor and Company are to receive back by way of Discount in the Manner herein before mentioned; anything in this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

what shall be a X And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or Resolution Notice to the of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker of the said House in Writing, and delivered at the pub banlc within the lc]c Office of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a Meaning of this sufficient Notice within the Words or Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons counter

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counting, or alter terfeit or alter any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Dividend Warrant, or any Bond or Obligation C t^fuiter16' un^er the Common Seal of the said Company, or any Endorsement thereon, or shall offer or dispose of or yeath. Put away any such forged, counterfeit or altered Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond or Obligation, or the Endorsement thereon, or demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of the said Company, or any their Officers or Servants, knowing such Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond or Obligation, or the Endorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud the said Company, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

Servants break

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Servant of the said ing their Trust Company being entrusted with any Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security, Money ^t|1ile)f°.nlpan5'> or other Effects belonging to the said Company, or having any Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond, Deed or any Security or Effects of any other Person or Persons lodged or deposited with the said Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the said Company, shall secrete, imbezil or run away with any such Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond, Deed, Security, Money or Effects, or any Part of them; every Officer or Servant so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIII. And whereas by the Charter or Constitution of the said Company, it is ordained, appointed and declared, That there shall be from time to time for ever of the Members of the said Company a Governor, Deputy Governor and twenty-four Directors, of and in the said Corporation; which Governor, ' Deputy Governor and Directors, or any thirteen ormore of them (of which the Governor or Deputy Governor tote always one) shall be, and be called a Court of Directors for the ordering, managing and directing the Affairs of the said Corporation, and shall have such Powers or Privileges as are therein mentioned: And whereas by the above-mentioned Limitation it may so happen that a Court of Directors cannot be held by reason of the unavoidable Absence, or otherwise, of the Governor and Deputy Go 1 vernor for the time being, to the great Damage and Hindrance of the Business of the said Corporation Dueftorsmay Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever a Court of Directors is summoned or thousfia chair appointed to be held, and the Directors shall be met according to such Summons or Appointment, if it t"7f° happen, that the Governor and Deputy Governor for the time being, shall be absent for the Space that Govern? at I two Hours after the ul ttal Time of proceeding to Business; it shall and may be lawful for the Directors, any Meeting, who shall be then met (of whom there shall be always thirteen or more) or the major Part of them, to choose a Chairman for that Time, and to proceed to Business, and that the Proceedings and Acts of the

salt!

jnaii inter

Death.

coaflltut on of the Company.

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 14 — 19.

aid Court of Directors, shall be a? valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Governor or Deputy Governor had been present; anything in their Charter to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

449

Public al. Concern kg Bark see farther 19 Geo. 2. c. 6.

24 Geo. 2. c. 4.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts of Parliament, one made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways, from Sheet Bridge in the Parish «/"petersfield, to the Totvn ff/'portfinouth in the County of Southampton; and another Act made in tile twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term in and by the said Act granted, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned Act granted.

PR.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from ciren cester Towns End to Saint john's Bridge in the County of Gloucester. P. R.

The Act continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing the Powers granted by three several Acts of Parliament (one for repairing the Road from stump cross to newmarket heath, and the Town of Cambridge; another for repairing the Road from Fouhnire to Cambridge; and the third for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual the said two former Acts); and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said two former Acts.

PR.

The former Acts continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

The former Act continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and workhouses within the Town of Colchester in the County of/'essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof. P R.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight hundred choufand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and for ascertaining the Customs and Duties upon Quicksilver taken as Prize during the present War; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament Preamble, assembled, being defirotis to raise the neceslury Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the easiest Manner we are able for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Annuites which by this The Sinking Act shall be granted and made payable, in respect of the said principal Sum of eight hundred thousand funjnppropn. Pounds, until Redemption thereof by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned, shall, from and after are "p»y the the Feast Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun Annuities. tired and forty-two, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys which from and after the said Feast Day shall from Time to Time arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surplusses, Excefic's or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly,

II. And for or towards raising the Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, Be it further enacted by the Authority afore voj. VI Mmm said.

450 C ig.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

Subscription Money to be paid atihee^nk,

Annuit es to be 3 percent.

A.D. 1742.

said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay to the first or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any.sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds for the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the said beast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectcaoiier of the tively, until the same piall be redeemed according to the Tenor or true Meaning of the Proviso or Condi banfc to give southeast tion herein after mentioned in that Behalf; so as such Cashier or cahiers do first give Security to the good liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the public Use, the Moneys so to be advanced or contributed ancfto account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater Sum so to be advanced or paid; and the Purchase Money for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days times of paying and Times herein after limited; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof on or before the sixth Day of July the Subscription; the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and one other fourth Part thereof on Money. or before the sixth Day of September then next ensuing; and one other fourth Part thereof on or before

the sixth Day of November then next ensuing; the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the sixth Day of December then next following; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at two of the Times of paying most usual Feast or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord the Annuities. Christ, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days;

the first Payment thereof to be due at the said Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, or within six Days after the said Feast Day; nevertheless the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition herein after contained in that Behalf and not otherwise; the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, is hereby authorised and required, upon the advancing and paying to him any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in Writing, signed by himself, for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof; and from Time to Time to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he shall receive of or for the said Sum, not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds, as fall as he shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within five Days at the farthest, and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof; in which Account the said Cashier or Cashiers shall have just Allowance of all Moneys which he shall have paid foi prompt Payment, pursuant to this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and Names to be en Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books the Bank S 21 'n which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the salt Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid; to which Bool or Books it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, from Time to Time, to have resort at all seasonable Times, and to inspect the farm without Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall on or before that Duplicate Bonks twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred ant to be transmitted forty-three, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books, into that Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer there to remain forever.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by Virtue of this Act t have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys b; this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and shall have good and fureestate; and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act after wards contained concerning the same; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, am the Principal Moneys prdd for the same, and every of them during the Continuance thereof, shall be fre from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

V. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the said Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid, accord tng to the true Meaning of this present Act; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tha the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Timej until the said Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament according to this Act, appoint and employ on sufficient Person within their Office in the city of London, to be their chief or first Cashier or Cashiers and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that f much of the Moneys of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys of the Fund, commonly call The Sinking Fund, which shall or ought to be from Time to Time separated and set apart in the said Re

ceip

Annuities to be redeemable.

Cashier to give Receipts,

and pay the Money into the Exchequer.

Contributors

to the Exchequer,

Annuities to be paid free of Charges,

The Eank I appoint a chief Cashier) and an Accomptant General,

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 19. 45 C

ceipt of Exchequer, for answering the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, after the said Rare of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be! sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, be from Time to Time half yearly as aforesaid, issued and paid j at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprelt, and upon Account of the Payment of the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such ca fhier and Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from time, to time be issued, shall from time to time without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall from The bufilcfi cf time to time inspect and examine all the Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the 'h: Aicompunt Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every cner "1,

Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said Annuities, after the Rate of three

Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be dependable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay readily to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act; it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers within the Times limited by this Act, the Purchase Money payable for an Annuity or Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the

Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for prompt Payment of the Purchase Money, or of such pr Cent, for Proportions of the Purchase Money, as shall be advanced before the said sixth Day of July one thousand prompt pay seven hundred and forty-two, or before any other the respective Days of Payment appointed by this Act ment' as aforesaid; said Interest to be computed for the respective Sums so advanced and paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, from the Time or, respective Times of the actual advancing and paying the same to the said Cashier, until the said respective Days of Payment appointed by this Act as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or The m°neycon* contributed upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds,

shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities, Jp after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money, by him, her or them advanced upon this Act, shall have and be deemed to have an Interest or Share in the said Stock, and in the proportional Annuity attending the same at the Rate aforesaid, for the Moneys so by him, her or them advanced; and that the said Capital or Joint Srock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times in the Office of the said Chief Accomptant for Transfer Books The Time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the to be said Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if such Party be absent, by his, her or their Attorney, thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of aligning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

IX. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock with the Annuity or Annul Annuities may ties attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, at be devised. tested by two or more credible Witnesses, but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till

so much of the said Will as relates to the said Stock or Annuity be entered in the said Office; and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be chargeable on the said Trans No Stamps on fers, or any of them, any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Transfers.

X. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Persons who shall accept any Assignment or Acceptors of Transfer of any Stock, from any Contributor who shall have paid only Part of the contribution money s ">ckt0 Pay for the same, to the Use of the Public, shall be liable to pay the Residue of the said contribution money, Contribution and to such Forfeitures for Non payment thereof, as the original Contributor would have been liable if

no such Transfer had been made.

XI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall or may purchase or obtain, or be prov lpo* admitted to purchase or obtain any of the Annuities at the Rate aforesaid upon this Act, unless the whole,

or one fourth Part at lead:, of the Consideration Money for the same, at such Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid to the said Cashier on or before the sixth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.

M m m 3

Penalty on not paving the Contribution

No See to be taken of the Contributors.

Allowance to the Cashiers,

452 C 19. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

XII. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who shall on or before the said mone" ^, xt -'JU^ one thousand seven hundred and forty-two have advanced to the said Cashier or Ca, money. fn; ers one part Gf his} her or their Purchase Money, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators,

S'jcceflors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers one other fourth Part of his, her or their Consideration Money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, oil or before the sixth Day of September then next ensuing, and one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the sixth Day of November then next following, and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the sixth Day of December then next following; then and in every such Case reflectively, so much of the con iideralion Money as shall have been actually paid for the first Payment to the said cashier.or Cashiers for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and no Interest at the Rate aforesaid shall be payable for the said first Payment; anything in this Act contained to the contrary, notwithstanding.

jcorporation"ai

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor the Annuities be and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or

redeemed. any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of rhem) shall continue a Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging for the Pur

cr» pes 'n this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parlia

ate dodii abilhy. ifan ent, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Adacter or Thing in Pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or other Receipts concerning the same, or for bluing the said yearly Fund, or any Part thereof, or for paying the said Annuities, or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken, for any Transfer of any Sum great or small to be made in Pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that the Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power to allow to the Cashier or Cashiers, who shall receive the said Contribution or Advance Money, not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, for his or their Pains and Trouble in receiving and accounting for the same, a Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds out of the Contribution or Advance Money aforesaid; shall also have Power out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, to allow and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers for the Time being, an Allowance not exceeding two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum for receiving the Adoney to pay the Annuities upon this Act, and applying the same to that

cencralcornp ant fe, and for his Pains and Trouble in keeping and rendering his Accounts thereof; and an Allowance not exceeding two hundred Pounds per Annum to the said Accomptant General for the Time being, for his Service and Trouble in performing the Duty and Trust incumbent upon him by this Act; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London., by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said Annuities, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the Principal Sums for which the said Annuities shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities, then, and not till then, the said Annuties shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from, and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising by the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose other than such Uses and Purposes as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. And that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall he deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XVII. And to the End there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the Whole the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Public Service, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury. any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or in like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Mali, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

3 and

Manner of redeeming of the Annuities.

What shall be a sufficient Notice.

The Money may be raised by Exchequer Bills,

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 19. 453

and forty-two, are enacted or prescribed, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in Pursuance of the same Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro inthchmeman vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said n r ai directed in last mentioned Act, relating to the Exchequer Kills authorised to be made by the same Act, except such the Malt Act. Clauses as do charge the same on the Duties or Impositions granted or continued by the same Act, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in Pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and rc enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which Hull be made Exchequer Bill in Pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the be rcp.id out same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of puis llkl"s the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Exceiles, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated ro any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied as sass as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Intered, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby intended, That the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and also the several Sums of two hundred and fifty Pounds, and two hundred Pounds per Annum, by this Act granted as aforesaid, as an Allowance to the said Cashier or Cashiers, and Accomptant General, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Royal Highness the Prince of Annuities le wales, or his Royal Higness the Duke of Cumberland, or their Royal Hignesses the Princess Royal, the longing to the Princess Amelie, the Princess Carolina, and the Princess Lovisa, shall not be charged with any al

Fees or Taxes for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted by his Majesty to their said ^x, ^a, c0 Royal Highnesses, or any of them, but that such Annuities or yearly Payments, and their said Royal Highnesses, for the Time of the Continuance of those respective Annuities or yearly Payments, 'shall be free and clear from all Fees, Taxes, Impositions, or other Charges whatsoever.

XXII. And whereas during the present War with Spain, a great Quantity of Quicksilver hath been taken from the Enemy in the American Seas, and hath been condemned as Prize, Part whereof is al 8 ready brought into this Kingdom, and is now lying in Warehouses, and being of the Product of Eu 8 rope, it may be a Doubt, whether the same by the Laws now in Force may not be subject to the Pay 8 inent of the high Duties to his Majesty, as not coming from the Place of its Growth, which will not 8 only be a Discouragement to the Captors and Importers thereof, but will put them under a Necessity to 8 send such Goods for the future directly to foreign Markets, which will be a Loss to his Majesty's Re 8 venue, and tend to the Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom; 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Quicksilver which has been already taken from the Enemy, or shall Quicksilver at any Time or Times hereafter be taken during this present War, and hath been or shall be condemned talien frof" as Prize, and which has been brought, or shall hereafter be brought into this Kingdom, in any British Ships, duly navigated according to Law, and for which the Duties due to his Majesty have not been already paid, or secured to be paid, shall be subject to the Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only to which the same would be by Law liable, if imported directly from the Place or Places of its Growth; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys Appropriation coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Paros the ffomt' liament, intituled, An Act for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in pxiam nt. that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest,

Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties,

shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty two; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges thereon, ami the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, not exceeding one million upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, by or from the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys commonly called The sink jug Fund, and all the.monies ooming into the Exchequer upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament,

entitled.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

1, 168, 756l. 17s. id. for Naval Services.

entitled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds by this at granted as aforesaid, hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as is herein after prescribed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two million two hundred sixty eight thousand seven hundred fifty six Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed.

>68, 6451. 15 s.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there i. for Tram ancj may be jffijed and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty eight

vorces°co'1 ame thousand six hundred fortyfive Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence, for or towards the Charge of rjca. Transports hired to carry the Forces to America, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one

111, 9171.195. hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred and seventeen Pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny, for id. for Victuals, the Expense of Victuals provided for the Soldiers employed in the Expedition in America,

XXV. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and ten thousand four hundred thirty-one Pounds sixteen Shillings, for or towards the defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services not provided for by Parliament.

XXVII. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred and six thousand two hundred fifty-three Pounds fifteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of eleven thousand five hundred and fifty Marines, Commission and non commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.

XXVIII. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as

- aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million

Guards and Gar eight hundred and nine thousand one hundred forty-three Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence for or rifons, viz. towards maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly ex

I, 004, 947l^and pressed; is to say. Any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million and four thousand nine taming5T554, lundred forty seven Pounds and ten Pence, for defraying the Charge of thirty-five thousand five hundred ekective Men. and fifty-four effective Men, Commission and non commission Officers included, and also including two including 2313 thousand three hundred and twenty-three Invalids, for Guards, Garisons, and other his Majesty's Land Invalids. Forces in Great Britain, West Indies, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and

forty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-three thousand nine hundred ninety five Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, for maintaining a Regiment of Foot raised in America for the Service of the West Indies, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred sixty six thousand six hundred and sixteen Pounds six Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Land Forces and Garisons in the planta mbmctc^rul tonnes Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, tar, &c.' Providence, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any 44, oosl. 3s.7d. Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-four thousand and eight Pounds three Shillings and seven Halfpenny, fur Pence, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred in the Year one thousand seven extraordinary hundred and forty-one, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex yearni741"'6 ceding eleven thousand six hundred and eleven Pounds thirteen Shillings, for maintaining the Charge of

II. 61117 13s. several Officers appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces on the Expedition under the Command of for Officers going major-general Wentworth, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum or with Central Sums of Money not exceeding 011c thousand two hundred seventy seven Pounds and ten Shillings, for wentworth, m maintaining the Charge of the Staff Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital established

ros. for fr the Service of the Expedition under the Command of major-general Wentworth, for the Year one Staff Officers at thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy four tending the Hof thousand one hundred ninety-two Pounds five Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of one Pi, al Regiment of Horse, two Regiments of Dragoons, and four Regiments of Foot, transferred from the

7 d 'for several ^rl^3 to t^'e Sritish Establishment, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum Regiments tr.mf or Sums of Money not exceeding forty seven thousand two hundred seventy three Pounds nine Shillings ferred from the I. and five Pence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid to the Troops of hisma r fli to the British jesty the King of Denmark, being one thousand one hundred and ninety four Horse, and five thousand Eftaolishment. flx hundred and ninety-two Foot, together with the General Officers in the Pay of Great Britain, from ^d^halfpenny, the twenty-fifth Day of March exclusive to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hun

for the Danish died

Troops, 1740.

10,000l. to Greenwich Hospital.

210, 4311. 16s. to the Office of Ordnance.

206, 253l. 15s. for the Marines.

1, 809, 1431.

19 s. ro d. for maintaining the Land Forces

s3.9951- s 4d. for a Regiment of Foot in America. 2, 66, 6161. 6 s. 5 d. Halfpenny, for Garrisons at

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo qinnto Georgii II. c. 19. 455

dred and forty-one inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-one thousand seventy 51, 071, 1.4s. two Pounds four Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of the said Troops of the< h.ifprnny, King of Denmark, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fixih day of December one thousand seventh' dani<h hundred and forty-one to the the third Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-one — two, r00f^, 74' both inclusive, together with the Proportion of the Subsidy due for the said ime, and also for the forty-two Days Pay and Wagon Money for their return home, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of 35, 309 I. 7., Money not exceeding thirty-three thousand three hundred and nine Pounds seven Shillings for defraying Anrai 10 the the Charge of what remains to be paid to the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden as Landgrave of Hrffun Troop Hejj'e Cajfell, being one thousand two hundred and sixty four Horse, and four thousand nine hundred and i74° eight Foot, together with the General Officers and Train of Artillery in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of March exclusive to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred sixty one thousand 161.6071. t71. six hundred and seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of the said Troops of the King of Sweden as Landgrave of Hesse Caffcll, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the T'oop5', 7 twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuanc to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-five thousandS*71J ' 6 seven hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of the General officets in Finland Staff Officers appointed to attend the Forces in Flanders, together with the Contingencies for the said <15, 51741. Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not g (or 3n exceeding one thousand three hundred and sixty five Pounds for defraying the Expense of the Hospital Hospital in for the Service of the Forces in Flanders, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and Flanders, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty seven thousand nine hundred sixty eight Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces 6d'9for half-pay and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, subject to such Rules to be ob officers, served in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and j f Pen any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred sixty eight Pounds, for paying of £'ns r°jucctj Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon officers Widows, the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two j.which said Sum of four thousand one hundred and sixty eight Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XXIX. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 500,000l. tnfu? said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred pu" the house thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to concert proper Measures, and form ofauftria> C such Alliances, or enter into such Engagements with other Powers as his Majesty shall judge necessary for the Support of the House of Austria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there Several Sums re shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand forty-eight paid the Sinking Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the Fund

same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to replace to the pup" a un; !> Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England JP oooo L sait for Half a year's Interest due on or before the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty, on the Principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Ado n.ooool. Salt ney, not exceeding twenty-one thousand Pounds, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out Duty' of the same, for a Half year's Interest, due on or before the fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, on the Principal Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, lent on the Credit of the Salt Duty, towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and the Sum of twenty seven thousand eight hundred fifty-one Pounds one Shilling and twopence Half Penny 77, 5511. 1 s. to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of sd. Halfpenny, the Duty of twelve Shillings per Barrel, on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Spirits, at Mi swects chaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and the Sum of nineteen thousand and eighteen i9>°l81; 4s pounds four Shillings and eleven Pence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the '

same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within n6 the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at Michaelmas one thousand fe yd Deficiency" ven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred sixty three of the Grammes thousand seven hundred thirty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and seven Pence, to make good the Defi for 1741. ciency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum 10,000l. towards or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the maintaining the british Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England on the Coasts of Africa; A ncan fci, s and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards the repairing and finishing sor the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, _ {<.<-. church

XXXI. And Westminsterr

*s>737 I. iis.

2 d. 3 Farthings, towards the General Fund for, 74i*

The said Sumsshall be applied to no ol her Use,

Rules for the Application of half-pay.

See 16 Geo. 2. '*5

14geo. 2. C 41.

The Overplus of last year's half-pay, how to be applied

9w. 3. C 3, 9. y Ann. ft. J. C 17.

30 Ann. C 26,

6 Geo. 1. c. 11. 2, r. 2)5.

C 20. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

XXXI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore > raid, there shall and may be idued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand seven hundred thirty seven Pounds eleven Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-one.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be iitucd or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payment directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present session of Parliament.

XXXIII. And as to the said Sum of twenty seven thousand nine hundred and sixty eight Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; It is hereby enabled and declated by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to lay, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment Troop, 'or Company, in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual "Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers'; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the reduced Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken of the establishment of h/.lf pay in Great Britain,

XXXIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

'intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty one million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Din and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders lojl, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were ap propriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum and Sums of Mo.

ney not exceeding twenty-nine thousand three hundred Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, was ap 1 propriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Foot Forces and Marines, subject never theless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid 1 Act were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of twenty-nine thousand three hundred Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers; according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Actor the said former Adito the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace; and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk j and for the betcer making of Gold and Silver Thread.

WHEREAS of late great Frauds have been committed by a Sort of Tinsel Copper, or other base Metal, being brought into this Kingdom partly manufactured, which is spun or 'wrought upon Silk, and worked up in Imitation of Gold and Silver Lace, and is so exactly counterfeited, that Persons of Skill in that Manufacture are daily liable to Impositions; not only tends to the Discouragement of the Manufacture of Gold and Silver Lace, and the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue, but is of dangerous cor.sequence to the Public in general: And whereas several Abuses may be committed in refining of Silver, and gilding thereof, and in the making of Gold and Silver Wire and Thread, especially in not allowing a due Proportion of fine Silver to Silk; whereby the Silver break ing, and crumbling off from the Silk, there is not only a great Loss to the respective Buyers, but an p ' irreparable Prejudice to the Nation in general, in the wacting and consuming of the Bullion thereof; and the said Silver and Gold Thread, and the Manufactures of which the same consist, consequently have not that Credit, Use and Service that Silver and Gold Thread, and the Manufactures thereof made abroad,

fiavc, to the great Discouragement of the Exportation of the said Silver and Gold Thread, and Manu

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

C 20. 457

Qfactures, and the Use and Wear of the same at home For Remedy thereof. Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aiimeul infe and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and riot "Silver, after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, all Copper, Brass, and every ft, e^yrn other Metal inferior to Silver, shall be spun upon Thread, Yarn, or Inclc only, and not spun, mixed, or 1'* i!"' wove, wrought, or set upon Silk; upon Pain, that each and every Person offending therein, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for each and every Ounce so spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or set Penalty 51. upon Silk.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of The Weight of July, all Silver Wire to be drawn for the making of Silver Thread, hall hold at least eleven Ounces Silver Thread, lifteen penny weight of fine Silver upon the Pound Weight Troy; and that all Silver to be gilt and made Weight of c<k use of in the wire drawers Trade, hall hold at least eleven Ounces eight Penny Weight of fine Silver Silver Tread, upon the Pound Weight Troy, and shall not have less than four penny weight four Grains of fine Gold,

without any Allay laid upon each Pound Weight of the said Silver; upon Pain, that the Refiner or Maker thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for each and every Ounce so made contrary to the Directions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of f'° 'v'rc t

July no gilt Wire shall be coloured with Verdgreafe or Deadhead, or any other forced Colour, upon or co ourc<1. Pain, that the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for every Ci

Ounce so coloured; and for all Gold and Silver prepared as aforesaid, and reduced into Plate, there shall weight of Cold be allowed at the least six Ounces of the said Plate to cover four Ounces of Silk, except large Twist, and Silver du freeze, Freezon, Frost and Cheque, and also except round Brocade used in the making brocaded Gold into Plate, and Silver Silks or Stuffs only, in which there shall be allowed at the least six Ounces of the said Plate to

cover five Ounces of Silk, and no more; all which Gold and Silver Plate shall be spun close upon well

boilded and light dyed Silk only, except Frost, being run thin, and spun upon different coloured Silk;

and in case any Spinner of Gold and Silver Thread, or other Person, shall lay Gold or Silver Plate upon Penalty. 6d.

any greater Proportions of Silk, or in any other Manner than as before directed by this Act (except as noreshle

herein before is excepted) such Spinner, or.other Person, shall forfeit and pay two Shillings and sixpence than8hcitin di

for every Ounce so spun

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, from Penalty of». and after the said first Day of July, shall sell, or offer to Sale, any Gld or Silver Orrice Lace, mix 6 d. an Ounce ed with any other Metal or Material than Gold or Silver, Silk and Vellum, the Person so selling, or for (elil"e old offering the same to Sale, shall forfeit and pay for every Ounce the Sum of two Shillings and six withotiemetal. Pence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever after the Fanalty 5s. an said first Day of July shall sell any Gold or Silver Wire, Plate, Thread, Lace, or Fringe, by any other punce "Weight than Troy Weight, the Person so selling shall forfeit for every Ounce so sold, the Sum of five tro^weight/" Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Pei, alty of 5s

July, if any Maker or Seller of any Goods made or mixed with Gold or Silver Thread or Plate, shall fellin'*

make or sell any Goods mixed with Gold or Silver Thread or Plate, made contrary to the Intent and go]dlnoer°siivrrn° Meaning of this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay five Shillings for each and every Ounce Thread or Plate of Gold and Silver Thread or Plate so made or sold. mixed contrary

to this AO.

Penalty on importing Gold, Silver, or Works, of baler Metal.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July no Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or any other Work made thereof, or any Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Work, made of Copper, Brass, or any other inferior Metal, or Gold or Silver Wire or Plate, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain; upon Pain of being forfeited and burnt, and upon the Penalty of one hundred Pounds to be paid by the Importer thereof, for each and every Parcel so imported.

VIII. And for the better detesting of Frauds that may be committed by the Refiners, in laying a less Quantity of Gold upon Silver than is directed by this Act; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat from and after the said first Day of Juh every Ingot or Bar of Silver designed to be made use of for gilt Wire, hall be weighed in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, who attends the Forge where such Ingots or Bars are made, before the same is covered with Gold; and shall be weighed in the Presence of, and marked by the said Excise Officer, after the Gold is laid thereupon; and if any Refiner or Maker of such Ingots or Bars as aforesaid, shall refuse to permit any Excise Officer appointed for that Purpose to be present, and attend when such Ingots or Bars are weighed, either before or after the covering the same with Gold in Manner as is above directed, every Refiner or Maker shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That of the several Penalties and Forfeitures made and inflicted by this Act, one Moietyshall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform, sue or prosecute for the same, and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein noeftoin, Protestiou, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance hall he allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued for what he or they shall do in the Execution of this Act, he or they may plead the General lime, and

Vol. VI N n n give

Ingots of Silver for gilt Wire to be weighed in Presence of the Officer

and mark'd after the Gold is laid on.

Refiner not admitting the Officer to forfeit sol

Forfeitures, Half to the King, C

General I flat

[Treble Costs.]

Limitation cf Actions.

[Proviso.]

Counterfeit Lace or Fringe, made before' July i, 1742.

Counterfeit Lace or fringe.made for t.heatr; cal Uses.

Public A.

Concerning g{ld eitrr 'Silver, Cdc. see farther 22 gec. 2, C 36.

C 21, 22. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 174-

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall become nonfi, cr discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against him or them, the Deft dant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy as in otl r Cases were Costs are allowed to Defendants.

XI. Provided always, That every Suit, Action or Prosecution, to be brought by virtue of this Act, fh be commenced within six Months after the Offence committed.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to inflict any Penalty u on any Person for selling, or exposing to Sale, any Silver Wire, or Silver or Gold Thread, or any La or f ringe, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty tw though the same be not made according to the Rules and Directions of this Act; provided Proof bema by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before some Justice of Peace of the County, Cit, Riding, Division, or Place where the same shall be sold, or exposed to Sale (which Oath the said Jitfti is hereby empowered and required to administer) that such Goods are really and bona fide the Manufactu of this Kingdom, and were made on or before the said first Day of fiidy.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to pr. hibit any Copper, Brass, or other Metal inferior to Silver, spun upon Silk, and really and bona fide mani fastured in this Kingdom, before the said first Day of July, and so proved upon Oath as aforesaid, b. ing wrought or sewed with Silk upon any Garment or Apparel actually made use of in Theatrical Et tertainments only.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to pre hibit any Copper, Brass, or any other Metal inferior to Silver (spun upon Thread, Yarn, or Incle, as th Act directs) being wrought, or sewed with Silk, upon any Garment or Apparel actually used in Theatr

eal Entertainments only.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and take to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and oth.

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

29 Geo. 2. c. 14. 31 Geo. 2. f. 32. 32 Geo. 2. c. 24.

[Preamble.]

Description of Officers not admitted to sit in Parliament.

5 W. & M. C 7 § s7

12 W. 3, C 10

§. s9.

6 Ann. C 7.

§5

1 Geo. 1. c. 56.

Returns of such Members declared void.

Penalty on Persons sitting or voting, after disabled by this

Ad.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, ar Promotions, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

J

CAP. XXII.

An Act to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

FOR further limiting or reducing the Number of Officers capable of sitting in the House of Commons

__ Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of th

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That front and after the Dissolution, or other Determination of this present Parliament no Person who shall be Commissioner of the Revenue in Ireland, or Commissioners of the Navy or Viftu ailing Offices, nor any Deputies or Clerks in any of the said offices, or in any of the several Office following; that is to say, The Office of Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, o of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or of the Tellers of the Exchequer, or of th. Chancellor of the Exchequer, or of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, o of the Paymasters of the Army, or of the Navy, or of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or o the Commissioners of the Salt, or of the Commissioners of the Stamps, or of the Commissioners of Appeals or of the Commissioners of Wine Licences, or of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, or o the Commissioners of Hawkers and Pedlars, nor any Persons having any Office, Civil or Military, withii the Island of Minorca, or in Gibraltar, other than Officers having Commissions in any Regiment then only, shall be capable of being elected, or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, II any Parliament which shall be hereafter summoned and held.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hereby disabled or declared to be incapable to sit or vote in any Parliament hereafter to be held, shall nevertheless be returned as a Member to serve for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town, Cinque Port, or Plac< in Parliament, such Election and Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void to all Intents anc Purposes whatsoever: if any Person disabled, and declared incapable by this Act to be elected shall, after the Dissolution, or other Determination of this present Parliament, presume to sit or vote a: a Member of the House of Commons in any Parliament to be hereafter summoned, such Person so sitting or voting, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Day in which he shall sit or vote in the faic House of Commons, to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered by the Persons so filing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which nc Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and only one Imparlance, and hall from thenceforth be incapable of taking, holding, or enjoying any Office of Honour or Profit under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 23 — 25. 459

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Prorifo.

111 this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, or relate to, or exclude the Treasurer or Comptroller of the Navy, the Secretaries of the Treasury, the Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or Southeast Concerning Parti: cre.taries of the Admiralty, the Undersecretary to any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, ox ament see father the Deputy Paymaster of the Army, or to exclude any Person having or holding any Office or Employ Ga 2 C l ment for Life, or for so long as he shall behave himself well in his Office; anything herein contained »9. o8.

to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

CAP. XXIII.

An act for securing to John Byrom, Master of Arts, the sole Right of publishing, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of shorthand invented by him.

PR.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to empower the Justices of the Peace of a Liberty or Corporation, to commit Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, Riding or Division, in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate.

[9 Geo. 1. c. 7.]

WHEREAS Doubts and Questions have arisen, touching the Commitment of Offenders, by Justices of the Peace of Liberties and Corporations, to the Houses of Correction of Counties, Ridings or Divisions, in which such Liberties and Corporations are situate, though the Inhabitants of such Liberties and Corporations contribute to the Maintenance and Support of such Houses of Correction;' Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Justices of a Liberty or Corporation, may commit Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, &c.]

That in all Cases, where any Person liable by Law to be committed to the House of Correction, shall be apprehended within any Liberty, City or Town Corporate, whose Inhabitants are contributory to the Support and Maintenance of the House or Houses of Correction of the County, Riding of Division, in which such Liberty, City or Town Corporate is situate; it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of such Liberty, City or Town Corporate, to commit such Person to the House of Correction of the County, Riding or Division, in which such Liberty, City or Town Corporate is situate; which Person so committed, shall and may be received, detained, dealt with and ordered, and be set and kept to hard Labour, or conveyed and sent away, or discharged, and be subject and liable to the same correction and Punishment, to all Intents and Purposes, as if committed by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding or Division.

[Farther provisions concerning Justices, 16 Geo. 2. c. 18. l8 Geo. 2. c. 20. 24 Geo. 2. c. 44 & 55. 26 Geo. 2. c. 14 & 27. 27 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20. 1 Geo. 3. c. 13.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expense; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt, lost by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane.

---

3 Geo. 1. c. 4. 6 Geo.

17. u Geo. a. C 26.

9.10 & 11 TV., 3. C 4 & 21. 12 TV. 3. C 11. X Ann. flat, z C 14. 4 Ann. C 12. 12 Ann. flat. 2. C 3

C 18. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30, 2 Geo. 2. c. 28, 6 Geo. 2. c. 17. 7 Geo. 2. c. 14, 9 Geo. 2. c. 23. 10 Geo. 2. C

WHEREAS the several Rates, Duties and Charges of Excise upon all Strong Waters, Brandy, Spirits or Aqua Vita, imported from beyond the Seas, are by the several and respective Acts charging and impoung the same, directed and required to be from Time to Time satisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchants, Importer or Importers of the same in ready Money, upon his or their Entry or Entries made, and 'before the landing thereof: And whereas the permitting Rum or Spirits of the Growth or Manufacture of his Majesty's Plantations in America, to be landed before Payment of the several Rates, Duties and Charges of, Excise now imposed thereon, and to be put into warehouses, "upon the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers of such Rum or Spirits, first giving good a d Sufficient Security for the Payment of the same, will be an Ease and Convenience to the Proprietor and Proprietors, Importer and Importers thereof, and may cause and promote a larger and greater Importation thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Cpnferit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, all such Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, as shall be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, directly from the said Sugar Plantations, or any of them, upon the Entry thereof may forthwith, and before Payment of all or any Part of the said Duty of Excise, be landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, and carried or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall be for that Pc oof: provided at the Charge of the respefitive Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers of i .: Pam or

Nun*.

iz Car, 2. C 3

<9'24-'

22 Car. 2. C 4.

2 TV. & M. flat 2. C 0.

3 & IV & C 15.

7 6* 3 TV. 3. C 3°

S & 0 TV. V [, C X 3 G/.V*

Rum, 8cc-1 r ported fror, ins British c.w 1 may be Lrur onsecurii; /. C

Rums, C landed without Warrant, forfeited j

one half to the King, C

The Casks to be gauged and marked.

Warehouse Keepers to enter in Books the Rum, &c. lodged in their ware housesj

and render Account on Oath,

[Penalty.]

Conditions of Delivery uut of the Warehouses.

C 25*

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

Spirits, and shall be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them for the Tirr being, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers of such Rum or Spirits, that shall t so landed, first giving (at his or their Charge and Expense) his or their Bond, or other good and sufficief security, which the Commissioners or other proper Officers of the Excise are hereby required and irn powered to take for Payment of all and every the Duties of Excise, which such Rum or Spirits is charge with and liable to pay, as soon as the same shall be sold, in case the same Avail be sold within six Month, from and after the Time the same shall be so landed and put into Warehouses as aforesaid; and in caf the same shall not be sold within the said six Months, then to pay the same at the End of such six Months such Duty of Excise to be computed according to the Gauge of such Rum or Spirits, to be taken at th Time the same shall be so landed and lodged in Warehouses as aforesaid.

II. And be it futher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Rum or Spirits as shall be so borough into such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall not be taken or carried out thence on any Account whatsoever, other that is herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Rum or Spirits Ilia!

be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the Customhouse, and with the Collector of Excise 'at the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and th said Duties of Excise secured, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the same, first signed b the said Collector or other proper Officer of Excise, or without the Presence of an Excise Officer, that rj such imported Rum or Spirits as shall be so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessi.' contrary to the true Meaning thereof, or the Value of the same shall be forfeited, and shall or may be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; videlicet, one Moiety of the same to the use of his Majesty his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety to the use of such Person or Persons as will seize the said Run or Spirits, or inform or sue for the same or the Value thereof, to be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered o: mitigated by any Law or Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise or any of them, or by Ac tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for tha Part of Great Britain called England, or the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. '

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before such Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations shall be landed and lodged in such Warehouse or Warehouses, a Mark shall be fe on every Calk or Vessel of such Rum or Spirits, mentioning the particular Quantity of Rum or Spirits 0 the British Sugar Plantations which is contained therein, according to the Gauge thereof to be then taken and who is or are the respective Proprietor or Importer thereof; and the Keeper or Keepers of fuel Warehouse or Warehouses, and the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the Commissioners o his Majesty's Excise to attend the said respective Warehouses, shall each of them keep one or more Book or Books, wherein they shall respectively and separately, fairly enter in Writing, an exact, particular and true Account of all such Rum or Spirits of the British Plantations, as shall from Time to Time be brought into and carried out of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses to which he or they shall respectively belong, and the Days and Times when the same shall be brought in and carried out, and the Namt of the respective Person or Persons to whom, or for whose Use the same was delivered out, and shall at the End of every six Months or oftener if required, transmit in Writing an Account thereof upon Oath to the Commissioners of the said Duties of Excise for the Time being, together with an exafl Account a) how much is then remaining in the respective Warehouse or Warehouses, to which they respectively belong; and the Commissioners for the said Duties of Excise are hereby required and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall be respectively transmitted to them as aforesaid, to inspect ami examine the said Accounts; and if upon such Examination it shall appear, that any of the said Rum or Spirits were delivered out of the said Warehouses otherwise than as herein is mentioned, or before Payment of his Majesty's said Inland Duties of Excise, for such the said Rum and Spirits as shall have been so delivered out of the said Warehouses, then the said Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers, and Officer and Officers respectively offending therein, shall not only be disabled to hold or enjoy any Public Office or Employment, but shall also forfeit and lose for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, levied and recovered or mitigated by such Ways, and Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Excise or any of them, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Court of e chequer at Edinburgh, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rum or Spirits so lodged in; Warehouses as aforesaid, shall and may from Time to Time be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, upon Payment of his Majesty's Duties of Excise thereon, and upon the Proprietor otj Importer, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by him or them for that Purpose, producing to the respective Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers, and the Officer appointed by the Commissioners of the Excise to attend these Warehouses, a Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates, signed by the Collector, Receiver or other proper Officer of Excise, appointed to receive the Duties payable thereon, certifying that he has received all and every the said Duties of Excise, to which the said Rum or Spirits so denied to be deliverd out of such Warehouse, was liable and subject to pay, such Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers, and Officers of Excise attending such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, so much Rum or Spirits as shall be mentioned or e pressed ill such Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates respectively, to have paid the said Excise

Dutiesj

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 25. 461

Duties; and the respective Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers are thereupon to give such Importer or Proprietor, or Person so employed to take Care of the Delivery thereof, a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Rum or Spirits so delivered out, which Permit or Certificate shall be also signed by the Excise Officer attending the Paid Warehouse or Warehouses, who Dial] be appointed by the commissioners for the said Excise Duties or the major Part of them, to prevent the seizing thereof.

VI. Provided always, That no Proprietor, Importer or Buyer of the said Rum or Spirits, or other 'vj>: t Quantme»

Person or Persons, to be by him or them appointed, flail receive out of any such Warehouses aforesaid, rcd

any less Quantity of Rum or Spirits at one Time, than one Puncheon, Hogshead or other Call:, con'

tnining not less than twenty Gallons, unless such Rum was for the Use of the Mariners and Seamen in the Voyage.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proto prietor or Importer of such Rum or Spirits, so to be lodged in any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, to affix one Lock to every such Warehouse, the Key of which flail remain in the Custody of such Proprietor or Importer; and to and for the Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said of for the said Excise Duties, to attend such Warehouse or Warehouses, to affix one other Lock upon every such Warehouse or Warehouses, the Key whereof to remain in the Custody of the said Officer for the said Excise Duties; and the said Proprietor or Importer shall and may in the Presence of the said Warehouse Keeper or Excise Officer (who are hereby obliged to attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose) view, examine, shew.and receive out of the said Warehouse or Warehouses, the said Rurn or Spirits or any Part thereof, not less than the Quantity herein before for that Purpose mentioned, upon paying the said Duty of Excise for the same; and upon producing such Certificate or Receipt from the Collector or Receiver of the said inlanj Duties of Excise, of the same being paid in Manner as is herein before for that Purpose particularly prescribed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every such Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Rum in War plsntations, as shall be so lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, shall be subject and liable to the houses, subject lame Duties, both of Excise and Customs, to be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, and to be rnana

ged and collected by the same Persons, and in the same Manner, subject and liable to all and every the an u" same Rules, Entries, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in and by the several Acts of Parliament, by which the said Duties are granted or any of them, for that Purpose particularly described, appointed, limited and enacted, save and except in the particular Instances hereby mentioned and provided for, and to be applied to the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Rum or Spirits shall after Rums, e. islanded, be permitted or suffered to remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses, in which the same shall be "winingin the so lodged for the Purposes aforesaid, for any Time exceeding the Space of six Months, after the same flail

be so landed and lodged in such Warehouse as aforesaid; and the [mportor or Proprietor, or other Per Months'

Ion or Persons by him or them appointed, flail not within the said six Months pay, or cause to be paid to the Collector or Receiver of the Excise Duties appointed to receive the same, all and every the Duties of Excise, to which the same are subject and liable; and flail omit to procure or bring such Certificate herein before directed to be had and made, from such Collector or Receiver to such Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers, and to the Officer of Excise attending the same, of the Payment of the said Duties of Excise, within the Time aforesaid; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners shall be sold by of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, to direct and order such Rum or Spirits f0 A "aion to pay lodged in such Warehouse or Warehouses, for which the said Duties shall not be paid within the Time the D'U1CS' c aforesaid, to be put up to Sale by public Cant or Action to the bell Bidder or Bidders for the same; and Concer7', '}S. the Money arising by such Sale, shall be in the first Place applied in Discharge of the said Duty so pay fanbjl bgcjx. able thereon, and the Charges attending such Warehouse or Warehouses, and also the Expence of such"7 s)

Sale; and the Surplus of the Moneys so arising by such Sale, (if any) after Payment of the said Duties 2. C i. and Charges, flail go and be paid to the Proprietor or Importer of the said Rum and Spirits, who so "9 Gn 2 C j2 landed and lodged the same in the said Warehouse'2- c. 39.

24 Geo. 2. c. 40.

26 Geo. 2. f. 13. 27 Geo. 2. f. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. 2. C g £? 23.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act flail continue and be in Force Continuance of from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth Aa

Da of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the next lceott 21s Session of Parliament and no longer. c.

tinned by^\ Geo.

XI. And whereas by the high Floods and overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane at Lcftwich, 36-

near Northwuh, in the Cpanty of Chester, in the Month of December one thousand seven hundred and Du, jesonsait forty, twelve Tonnes of Roek Salt or thereabouts, belonging to Ralph Barrow of Norihwich aforesaid, excufta to Rat a ' were wasted and consumed; for feeuring the Payment of the Duty thereof, Bond was given by him Bartow.

or some Person or Persons on his Behalf; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and in Consideration of the Duty secured to be paid by the said Ralph Barrow, in respect of the said twelve Tonnes of Roek Salt, the said Bond or Bonds given by the said Ralph Barrow or any other Person or Persons, fof and in respect of the Duty of the said twelve Tonnes of Rock Salt, shall from henceforth be discharged and vacated; and the same is and are hereby discharged and vacated accordingly; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County, of Surry, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, and for enlarging the Time for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

PR.

!G', 2'*9

WHEREAS the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the jvoolstaple

11 c»'s'*'z* or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore

f-25- ' in the County of Surry, are by virtue of several acts of Parliament passed in the Reign of his pre e font Majesty, empowered to make, open, design, assign and lay out such new Ways, Streets and raf

sages, as they Avail find proper to be opened and made on each Side the River of Thames, to and from

e the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Grounds as they hall find necessary for them to be possessed of, ' and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down or employed for that Purpose, comprised within certain it Geo. 2. c. 33. ' Bounds and Limits mentioned and described in an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An lit to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, and to enable them by a Lottery to raise Money for the several Purposes therein mentioned, and to enlarge the Time for exchanging Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery hft, burnt or otherwise defrayed, and 14geo. 2. C 40. ' in one other Act made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppofte Shore in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum of Money toiuarcls finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trujis reposed in them, and for the exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge e Lottery, of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed: And whereas the Approaches to the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, might be rendered more open and convenient, to the great Ease of Passengers, and the Public in general, in case the said Commissioners were enabled to open and widen a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, ficuate between the Old and New ' Palace Yards, within the Parish of Saint Margaret at Westminster, and for that Purpose were enabled to purchase, pull down, and remove certain Buildings, Houses, Grounds and Estates, situated within the said Lane, and thereunto adjacent, and which are not comprised within the Limits prescribed by the said afore mentioned act: 'Wherefore for promoting and encouraging a Design so useful and beneficial to the Public, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, ipc.

Sa farther St. margaret's Lane to be widened. Any Interest of the Crown may be conveyed to the Commissioners ic, t, f the Bridge. Commissioners may dispose of purchased Lands. 20,000l. towards building the Bridge, 29 Gel' 2' r" 3I' anc making Ways. Commissioners to account to Parliament annually.

go Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing any Cloth, or Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Woollen Yarn, or Wool left out to dry, from being stolen, or taken away in the nighttime.

For forger Law!

concerting rr m, C H ER E AS Clothiers and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture are under a Neeeflity

4 W of letting their Cloth, and other Woollen Goods remain upon the Rack or Tenters, as also of '34 j?, /. 1. ' sufferittg their Wool to lie exposed in the nighttime, in order the better to dry and prepare the same; St 4- cp I whereby their said Goods are more frequently liable to be stolen by wicked and evil designing Persons, is M - sf. 2-who are encouraged in their Wickedness, by the Difficulty of proving the Identity of the Goods stolen; 'C 3 3'*' 3- Therefore to secure the Property of such Clothiers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, st'e/\-'c 19* anc to facilitate a Discovery of such Goods so stolen 3 Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma eef 3- C " and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

II. 6- C present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth 23 H. S. o 17. jjay of September one thousand f.'ven hundred and forty-two, in case any Cloth or Woollen Goods re pq El.'maining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Woollen Yarn, or Wool left out to dry, shall be stolen pr il " j<*c ! tal: en away in the nighttime; shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more Justice or Justices 'j 12 Car. 2. of the Peace of the same County or Place, upon Complaint made to him or them, within ten Days after C 32. 13 f !+ such Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen Yarn, or Wool, shall have been so stolen or taken away, by the Car. z.ft; ft ftj Owner of such Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen Yarn, or Wool, by Warrant under his or their Hands 19- " ' and Seals, to authorise and empower any Constable, Headborough, or other Peace Officer in the Day

to enter into and search the Houses, Outhouses, Yards, Gardens or other Places belonging to the; k.9&50

ej, r C. co. 10 & n IV 3. C 10. 3 Gcc. i. C si. 4 Cw. i. 11. J C > > u. i z Get, i. C 34. 13 Geo. I. C. 23. 5 (?sr. 21. 12(7*5.2. r. 21.

Houses

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

C 2 8. 463

Houses of all and every Person and Persons whom the Owner of such Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen mjv b4

r \xr 1 n- - r 1 T n*T n' r 1 ' 4^-, m.idc for Cloth

stolen off Tcn» ters, and Wool,

-'- O CLEFT to dry.

such Oath, have reason to suspect to be io ftojen, taken away or received, he shall forthwith apprehend

all and every Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Cloth, Woollen Goods or Wool

shall be found, and carry him, her or them, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same

County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or lown Corporate'; and if the said Person or Persons so fuf Woo, tn co<kls

pefted, apprehended and carried before the find Justice or Justices, shall not then and there give a satis counted for be

factory Account, how he, she or they acquired the Property or Possession of such Cloth, Woollen a justice.

(roods, Woollen Yarn or Wool, or shall not, within some convenient Time to be set by the said.

Justice or Justices, produce the Party or Parties of whom he, she or they received the same, or some other credible Witness to depose upon Oath such Property or Right to the Possession of the said Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen Yarn or Wool (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) that the said Person or Persons so suspeifted, and not giving such satisf.ic tory Account, nor producing any such Witness upon Oath to testify as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged as convicted of the said Offence of stealing or taking away the said Cloth, Woollen Goods,

Woollen Yarn or Wool, and shall for the first Offence forfeit and pay to the Owner of such Cloth, Offender to for woollen Goods, Woollen Yarn or V ool, treble the Value thereof; and in Default of Payment thereof, m me Value, in the time appointed by such Justice or Justices for the Payment thereof, such Justice or Justices of the jevfey^bydi peace shall issue forth his or their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, itrcfs and Sale; returning the Overplus if any be; and in Default of such Distress, shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the County, City or Place where the said Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize, or until he, she or they pay the same; and if such Person or Persons shall again commit the said Offence, and be thereof Seconl offence eonvidfted as before, then they and every of them so offending the second Time, and being thereof so con flx Months m" i'idled, shall, over and above the Forfeiture of treble the Value of the Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen Prl onnmn "Yarn, or Wool so found to be recovered and levied as aforesaid, be committed to the common Gaol as aforesaid, there to remain for the Space of six Months without Bail or Mainprize; and if such Person or Persons shall again commit the said Offence, and be thereof convicted as before, the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall forthwith issue his or their Warrant to commit the said Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol as aforesaid, there to remain till the next Assizes or Great Session, where the said Offender or Offenders shall be tried for the said Offence; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not by producing the Party or Parties of whom he, she or they acquired the Property or Possession of such Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen Yarn or Wool, or otherwise prove to the Satisfaction of the Jury, that he, she or they lawfully obtained the Property or Possession of the same, he, fly or they shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and suffer Transportation Transportation for the Space of seven Years, and shall be liable to the same Punishment, and to the Jr like Methods of Prosecution, Trial and Conviction for returning from such Transportation as other Fe offence.

Ions transported are liable unto by virtue of the Laws now in Force.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons so suspected and apprehended as aforesaid, shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination which shall be given or made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so aggrieved (unless he, fly or they have twice before been convicted of the same Offence) to appeal unto the Justices of the Peace in their Appeal to the General Quarter sessions, which shall happen to be held next after such Judgement or Determination qi^mers'^, 1)ns given or made, who are hereby authorised and empowered to give such Relief, and make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet; and such Judgement, Order or Determination as shall be. by them made upon the f. id Appeal, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to alter or repeal any Law now in Force, for the Punishment of any Person or Persons ltealing or receiving such Cloth, Woollen Goods, Woollen Yarn

or Wool, except in such Cases where the Proof is laid upon the Offender or Offenders as aforesaid; ^c'j "Jan Lr Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this King -- dom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin.

25 Geo. 2. c. 14.

26 Geo. 2. C S Gf 11. 29 Geo. 2. c. 33. 50 Geo. 2. C 12.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tile i'lefarmerla ms Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the 1

Authority of the same, That if any Person whatsoever shall, after the twenty-ninth Day of September in t.*'

the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, wash, gild, or colour any of the la afui^it. 3. Silver Coin called a Shilling or a Sixpence, or any counterfeit or false Shilling or Sixpence, or add to or9Ed. 3. St. 2.

C 1, a H 3-

17 Ed. 3, see, 1. 25 Ed. 3. St. 5. C 12, 13 & 20. 27 Ed. 3. St. 2; C 14. 5 R. 2. C 2. 14 R. 2. C 2. 17 R. 2. C r. 2 II 4. r. 3. 11 II 4.

C S. 3 U. 5. C 6 & 7.9H. 3. St. 1. C 11. i H. 6. C 1. 2 II 6. C 6 & 12. S H. 6. C 2a. 3 II 7. C 6. 4 II 7. C 2. 19 H. 7- t. 5.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 19. 1 Mar. Scjf. 2. C 6. 14 El. C 3. 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 31. 18 Car, 2. C 5. 25 Car. 2. C S. 6 is? 7 IV 3. C 17. 7 C S IF,

3. C 10 & 19, IF. 3. C 1 & 2. 8 &9IF, 3. C 26, 9IF, 3. C 2, 9fit 10 IF, 3. (, 21, I Arm, St. 1, C 9. 4 Arm, C 22. 7 adr.r, C 24.

alter

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

Uttering fall Money knowingly, six Months Imprisonment,

Uttering false Money twice

alter the Impression, or any Part of the Impression, of either Side of such lawful or counterfeit Shilling or Sixpence, with Intent to make such Shilling resemble or look like, or pass for a Piece of lawful Gold Coin called a Guinea, or with Intent to make such Sixpence resemble or look like, or pass for a Piece of lawful Gold Coin called an Half guinea; or shall file, or any ways alter, wash, or colour any of the Brass Moneys called Halpennies or Farthings, or add to or alter the Impression, or any Part of the impression of either Side of an Halfpenny or Farthing, with an Intent to make an Halfpenny resemble or look high treason to like, or pass for a lawful Shilling, or with Intent to make a Farthing resemble or look like, or pass for guild silver coin, a lawful Sixpence, the Person and Persons so offending in any of the Adatters aforesaid, their Counsellors, Aiders, Abettors and Procurers, shall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of High Treason.

II. And whereas the uttering of false Money, knowing it to be false, is a Crime frequently committed all over the Kingdom, and the Offenders therein are not deterred, by reason that it is only a ' Misdemeanour, and the Punishment very often but small, though there be great Reason to believe, that the common Utterers of such false Money are either themselves the Coiners, or in Confederacy with the Coiners thereof: 'For preventing whereof, Be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, utter or tender in Payment any false or counterfeit Money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to any Person or an/security for Persons, and shall be thereof convicted, such Person so offending shall suffer six Months Imprisonment, two Years move, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for six Months more, to be computed from the End of for the second tie fa; d six Months and if the same Person shall afterwards be convicted a second Time of the like yea"c<lmurtfon Offence of uttering or tendering in Payment any false or counterfeit Money, knowing the same to be ment and Secu so, such Person shall for such second Offence, suffer two Years Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his rity for two or her good Behaviour for two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said first two Years; years' nr the same Person shall afterwards offend a third Time in uttering or tendering in Payment any false

fence Felon'" or counterfeit Money, knowing the same to be so, and shall be convicted of such third Offence, he or without Clergy. fhc Audi be ans hereby adjudged to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy,

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall after the said twenty-ninth Day of September utter or tender in Payment any false or counterfeit Money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to any Person or Persons, and shall either the same Day, or within the Space of ten Days then next, utter or tender in Payment any more or other false or counter

withm ten Days; fejt Money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to the same Person or Persons, or to any other Person or Persons, or shall at the Time of such uttering or tendering have about him or her, in' his or or having other her Custody, one or more Piece or Pieces of counterfeit Money, besides what was so uttered or tendered, false Money in then such Person so uttering or tendering the same shall be deemed and taken to be a common Utterer of cyeax' inf'ri" Money, and being thereof convicted shall suffer a year's Imprisonment, and shall find Sureties for fonment his or her s00^ Behaviour for two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said Year and if' any Person having been once so convicted as a common Utterer of false Money, shall afterwards again

utter or tender in Payment any false or counterfeit Money to any Person or Persons, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, then such Person being thereof convicted, shall for such second Offence be and is hereby adjudged to be: guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons convicted of any of the Treasons and Felonies respectively herein before mentioned, shall suffer Death as in case of High Treason and Felony respectively; but the Blood of the Heirs of such Offender shall not be thereby corrupted, nor shall his Wife thereby forfeit or lose her Dower out of or in his Lands or Real Estate.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Person and Persons that shall be guilty of any of the Treasons, Felonies or Crimes aforesaid, shall be indicted, arraigned, tried, and convicted by suchlike Evidence, and in such Manner as is now used and allowed against any Offenders for counterfeiting the lawful Coin, provided that there shall be no Prosecution for any of the Offences made Treason or Felony by this Act, unless such Prosecution be commenced within six Months next after such Offence shall be committed.

VI. And whereas the coining or counterfeiting any of the Copper Money of this Kingdom is only a*Misdemeanour, and the Punishment often very small; 'Be it hereby further enacted by the Authority Coiners of Cop aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, shall after the said twenty-ninth Day of September make, coin per Money to be or counterfeit any Brass or Copper Money, commonly called a Halfpenny, or a Farthing, such Person of ysm'°ned tw° fer, d'ng therein, and his, her and their Aiders, Abettors, and Procurers being thereof convicted, shall suffer two Years Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behavour for two Years more, to

be computed from she End of the said first two Years.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That whoever shall after the said twenty-ninth Day of September apprehend any Person or Persons who have committed any of the Offences hereby made High Treason or Felony, or who shall have made or counterfeited any of the Copper Money aforesaid, and shall prosecute such Offenders, until he, she or they shall be thereof convicted, such Prosecutor and Prosecutors shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County or City, where such Conviction shall be made, for every such Offender so convicted of any of the Treasons or Felonies aforesaid, the Sum of forty Pounds; and for every Person so convicted of counterfeiting any of the said Copper Money, the Sum of ten Pounds, without paying any Fee for the same, within one Month after such Conviction,

Subsequent of fenpe, Felony without Clergy.

Blood not to fre corrupted.

Evidence to be the Tame as now used against counterfeiting

the Coin.

4.01. for convicting a Person of Treason or Felony t And 161. for con ticting a Perfoi)

of counterfeiting and Demand thereof made, by tendering a Certificate to the said Sheriff or Sheriffs for the Time being, cofnficate°tob'e' or his or ^cir under flu riff, under the Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom such Conviction by the " shall have been made, certifying such Conviction, and that the Offender or Offenders were apprehended

r; n

judjje.

and

A.D.

742.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

C 29. 465

and prosecuted by the Persons claiming the said Reward, and thereby directing in what Shares and Proportions the said Reward shall be paid and divivid&d to and amongst such Prosecutor or Prosecutors; Certificate the said Judge or Justices are hereby required to give without Delay or See; and if the j'cna!7 on 'l, C said Sheriff or Sheriffs shall not pay the said Reward accordingly, within the Time aforesaid, he or they ?"crllj!' 4. shall forfeit to such Prosecutor and Prosecutors severally, double the Sunt which by the said Certificate northeast 1= CV a' shall be directed to be severally paid to them, to be recovered by him, her or them, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill or Information, with treble Cods of Suit, expended or paid in recovering the same; and such She iff or Sheriffs shall be allowed, or may deduct such Rewards, upon his or their accounting with '^7i7u°chv, iy his Majesty, without any See to be paid in respect thereof; and if he or they shall not on passing such c

Account have Money sufficient in his or their Hands to answer what shall have been paid for such Recounts, C wards, then the same shall be repaid by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out of the Revenues of the Crown, on Certificate for that Purpose, from the Clerk of the Pipe.

VIII. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever being out of Prison, Amomnon' shall after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, commit any of the Offences aforesaid, and shall af ir^tpea h two terwards discover two or more Persons, who shall after the Time aforesaid have committed any of the others, they shall said Offences, so as such two or more Persons shall be thereof conviifled, such Discoverer shall have, and bepatdoi.ed.

is hereby entitled to his Majesty's most gracious Pardon for such his or her Offences.

IX. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of uttering or tendering auner any false or counterfeit Money as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, in any other County or City, the Clerk of the Assize, or the Clerk of the Peace for the County or City where there Coumy. such Conviction was so had, shall at the Requdtof the Prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's Behalf, otfemes aga^fi certify the same by a Transcript in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction; this Act are offer which Certificate two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate be cettcdmtoftbe ing produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction, so'cl/v'i

X. And whereas by an act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen, Anns C 5 ' Anne, intituled, An Act for the continuing the former Act, for the Encouragement cf Coinage, and to en 4- '

1 courage the Winging foreign Coins, and British or foreign Plate to be coined, and for making F rovifton for the Mints in Scotland, and for the prosecuting Offences concerning the Coin in England, there is a limited Sum C of four hundred Pounds a Year, directed to be allowed out of the Coinage Duty for the Expenses of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin; which Sum for several Years last past has proved greatly deficient, infemuch that there appears to have been expended for the canying on of those Prosecutions, the Sum of seven hundred and two Pounds three Shillings and seven Pence, over and above the Sum of four hundred Pounds per Annum allowed for that Service; and as the Law now stands,

the said Sum of seven hundred and two Pounds three Shillings and seven Pence, cannot be brought to Account; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners Arrears Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and may, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, charges of Pro order and allow such further Sums of Money as the Expenses of the said Prosecutions have in such last % 0tl0 "10 b. c. Years amounted to, over and above the said four hundred Pounds a Year and also shall and may, at all E times hereafter, order and allow out of the Money arising by the Paid Coinage Duty such Sums of Mo pences fettjc<i. ney, for defraying the future Expenses of the said Prosecutions, as he or they shall see fit, provided the s 27 G. 2, said Expenses do not, in any one Year, exceed the Sum of six hundred Pounds. C 11.

24.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Iriffj Linens exported.

WHEREAS the Manufactures of Linens made in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, are finnerpr' ' yv greatly improved and increased, whereby the Pi ice of Linens, as well of foreign as home Fa ' brick, hath been considerably reduced: And whereas the further Extension of the said Manufactures of z % h". % c. 4.

Linens will be a great Advantage to the said Kingdoms Therefore we your majesty's most dutiful 1 El. C 12. and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant to your 7 3.0.30.

Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, such additional Duty upon foreign Cambricks to be imported in to 1 Great Britain, as is herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be a '

enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent \aam. C igtet of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the 21. 12 Aim. Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and - c 19

forty-two, over and above all Subsidies, Duties, Impositions, and Payments already due and payable to "2i 1 ^"I. his Majesty, for such foreign Cambricks, which shall be imported into Great Britain, there shall he £ 3 ^, e0'* raised, collected, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a further Duty of one i, 5d. addi shiuing and five Pence on every Half Piece of such foreign Cambrick, containing six Else and an Half; tionai Duty on and two Shillings and ten Pence upon every whole Piece of such foreign Cambrick, containing thirteen evcp Half Pieci Else, during the Term of seven Years; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia bhck^'and^zt" ment and no longer; the same to b. c. raised, collected, levied and recovered, in such Manner and Form', "rd. r0anevezrj.' vol. VI 0 0 o and Whole Piece,

Reward far fit porting British

C 29. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

and by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, payable upon foreign Cambricks are to be raised, collectted, levied, and recovered.

A.D. 1742.

as the Duties now

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said additional Duty upon foreign Cambricks, there shall be given and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever,g<geofll" tjt Bounty onc Bcnny > fr every Yard of Brii tjh and Irish Linens made of Hemp or Flax, of the Value

'*"'ft V Ppnrp 'hi>y "v7 > rd nnrl nnt pv^pprlino thr* y/alitp r\f fvirpltrp Pphpp*/?»* V o rrl n, 1 nnp f tct fnpn rtir I

a5.

'Continued by

ing Linens for Exportation.

diresions to the Officers of the

Ol

sixpence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard; and of one Halfpenny foi every Yard of such British and Irish Linens, under the Value of sixpence per Yard; which from and af

20 Geo. 2. 0.36.' ter the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and within the Term ol seven Years, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of March, or at any Time thereafter, before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa, Americaor Portugal, or which shall be exported to Spain, from and after the Time that it shall be lawful to export such Linens to that Kingdom.

Manner of enter jj Provided always, That the Exporter of such British and Irish Linens, shall, in his Entry thereof,

express the Quantity and Value; and likewise endorse on the Cocquet granted upon such Entry, the true Quantity and Value of the said Linens intended to be slipped; and moreover shall, before he receives any such Bounty, produce a Certificate from the Searcher, or other proper Officer appointed, to see the same shipped, verifying the Shipping thereof; and shall likewise give sufficient Security to the Collector or Customer of the Port, in the Penalty of double the Value of the Goods intended to be exported, and one hundred Pounds, which Security they are hereby empowered to take in the Name, and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, that such Linen so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought on Shore again in any Port or Part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the I fie of Alan; and shall also, before he receives any such Bounty, make Oath, or being a £hiaker, a solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation, the proper Officers of the Customs have hereby Power to administer) of the rtpedftive Values of such Linens, upon which the said Bounties respectively are granted, and that the same were made in Great Britain or Ireland.

IV. And to prevent Linens exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard being exported for the sake of the said Bounty, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector and Comptroller,

ven^fraudulent" or oti, er proper Officers of the Customs may open, view, and examine any or all such Linens as shall be

Hntries. entered at the Value of twelve Pence per Yard, or under, and compare the same with the Value and Price

thereof sworn to or affirmed in the Entry and Endorsement on the Cocquet; and if upon such View and Examination, it shall appear that such Linen is of greater Value than twelve Pence per Yard, then, and in such Case, the Exporter or Proprietor shall, on Demand made in Writing by the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Goods or Merchandizes are entered, deliver, or cause to be delivered, all such Goods and Merchandizes into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Exportation, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown; and upon such Delivery, the Customer or Collector of such Port, with the Privity of the Comptroller, shall, out of any Money in the Hands of such Customer or Collector arising by Customs, or other Duties belonging to the crown, pay to such Exporter or Proprietor the Value of thirteen Pence per Yard, taking a Receipt for the same, from such Exporter or Proprietor, in full sa tisfadlion for the said Goods, as if they had been regularly sold; and the respective Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the said Goods to be fairly and publicly sold for the best Advantage; and out of the Produce thereof, the Money so paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such Customer or Collector, with the Privity of the Comptroller, to be replaced to such Funds, from whence the same was borrowed; and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer towards the Sinking Fund, by the Title of The additional Duty on Cambricks granted by this al.

V. And in order to prevent Abuses by exporting Linens which shall be under the Value of sixpence per Yard, when the.merchant shall in his Entry and Endorsement on his Cocquet express, that the Value thereof is sixpence per Yard, or upwards, in order fraudulently to obtain a Bounty of one Penny, instead of a Halfpenny per Yard; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Searcher or other proper Officer, after the Entry of any of the said Goods, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open and strictly examine any Bail, Truss, Chest, or other Package, to see if the Goods are right entered, and endorsed on the Cocquet; and if on such Examination, the same shall be found to be right entered and endorsed, the Searcher shall, at his own Charge, cause the same to be repacked, which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they think it reasonable; but in case the Officer shall on Examination find such Goods to be less in Quantity than shall be expressed in the Endorsement in the Merchants Entry or Cocquet, or under the Value of sixpence per Yard, or that the Goods shall be entered and endorsed under a wrong Denomination, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded, all the Goods contained in all and every the Package or Packages endorsed on the said Entry or Cocquet may be seized, and the same shall be forfeited ami lost, and the Owner or Merchant shall lose the Benefit of receiving the Bounty for such Goods.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any British or Irish Linens for which such Bounty shall have been given or claimed, shall be relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, or the

yar/s 12'ie I' Man, the same shall be forfeited, and every Person concerned in bringing back or rebinding the same, shall forfeit twelve Pence for every Yard so brought back or relanded.

[Proviso.]

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any Bounty on any Linens that are striped or chequered, or made into Buckrums or Tilletings.

Farther Directions to the Officers.

Goods forfeited for fraudulent Entry.

Goods forfeited lor relanding,

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 29. 467

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Linen of the Ma Bounty for ex nufaflure of Ireland to be exported from Great Britain, shall be entitled to any Bounty, hut such as shall porting irish be, at the Time of such Exportation, the Property of a Person usually residing in Great Britain, of which linen not to be the Exporter or Exporters of such Irish Linen are hereby required to make Oath (or being of the People "ufu it called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation) before the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs (who are r, fi" rs "gtcjz hereby empowered to administer the same) of the Port from whence such Irish Linen shall be ex Britain, ported.

IX. And whereas in many Ports of the Kingdom of Great Britain, from which British or Irish Linens may be exported, there may not be so much Money collected and received by the additional Duty here by granted, as may be sufficient to pay the Bounty to be allowed by this Act, whereby the Exporters of such Ports cannot have the Benefit of the said bountyfor Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Collectors of the Customs in any of the Outports in South Britain, Collector not or of any Port in North Britain, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the said addi having sufficient tional Duty, to satisfy and pay such Bounty which shall be due to any' Exporter or Exporters of britiji) m°"ey his or irijj) Linens as aforesaid; then such Collector of any of the said Out ports in southbritain, shall q^cifica'te6"0*(if required) give to the Person entitled to such Bounty a Certificate without Fee or Reward, under his Hand, attested by the Comptroller, of what is due to such Person for such British or Irifo Linen so exported from any such Port in South Britain, certifying to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, that he hath not Money in his Hands arising from the Duties granted by this Act, sufficient to pay the same; and such Collector of any Port in North Britain shall likewise (if required) give to the Per The fimetobe soil demanding such Sum or Sums of Money, lawfully authorised, without bee or Rewarn, a Certificate, done in North under his Hand, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, of what is due to such Peririuln' son for the Bounty of the British Linens exported from any such Port in North Britain, and upon producing such Certificate, and the Debenture of the Linens exported, to the Commissioners there, they are hereby required, in case there be any Money in the Hands of the receiver-general, or Cashier of the Customs there, arising by the Duties granted by this Act, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Person producing such Certificate and Debenture, being authorised as aforesaid, the Sum or Sums of Money so certified; and if they have not sufficient to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, they shall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, give such Exporter a Certificate certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London 5 which respective Certificates being affixed to the Debentures for the Bounty of the said Linens so exported, and being produced to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand by the Person authorised as aforesaid, that shall bring the same, to cause the Moneys thereby due to be paid by the receiver-general, or Cashier of the Customs, without Fee or Reward, out of such Moneys as shall be in his Hands, arising out of the Duties hereby granted for the Payment of the said Bounty; and in case such Receiver or Cashier shall not have Money in his Hands sufficient for paying the whole of such Sum or Sums of Money so certified as aforesaid, he is hereby authorised and required to pay the same, so far as the Money in his Hands will then go, and the Remainder from time to time, as the Money arising by the Duties granted by virtue of this Act shall be by him received; and he is also hereby required to observe a due Course of pjying such Debentures in the Order of Time which they shall be produced or presented to the of of the Customs, who shall cause such Debentures to be numbered progressively, as they shall be presented to them, or to the Officer or Officers appointed by them to receive the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Officer and Officers, who shall be concerned in collecting, levying, and accounting for the Duties arising by this Act, shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof; and all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall not be Money received paid by the respective Collectors who receive the same, to such Person or Persons as shall, upon the Ex by the Duties, portation of British or Irish Linen be entitled thereto, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall forth frail be kept to with be remitted and paid to the receiver-general, and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs, in whose Hands ra Bounties; all such Sums shall remain, and be applied only to the Payment of the Bounty granted by this Act, unless it shall appear, that more Money doth arise by the Duties hereby granted, than shall be sufficient to answer and discharge the Bounties payable by this Act; in which Case the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords and theoverplus Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, may and shall direct the same from time to to beaded to time to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Sinking Fund, by the Title of Duty on Cambricks iuklns by this Act.., u"

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Charges of put may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time be ting this Act in ing, or the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, to pay or cause to be paid out of the e«tion, to be Duties arising by this Act, all such additional Charges or Expenses as may attend the putting the same j out or lhe in Execution. u 1 s'

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds taken, or to be taken, and all Deben Bonds or Debentures

made, or to be made pursuant to this Act, shall not be chargeable with any of the Duties upon tures on this Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper: any Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary not with Act, notfuhjeft (landing. _ to Stamp Dot, es.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty granted by Drawback of the this Aston all foreign Cambricks to be imported into Great Britain, after the said first Day of August one additional Duty, thousand seven hundred and forty-two, shall upon Exportation thereof be drawn back and repaid in the on Exportation, same Manner, and under such Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, as the present Duties on foreign Cambricks are repaid and drawn back; Provided, That upon the Entry of any such foreign Cambricks

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

Taking a falls Oath, to forfeit zoo I. and he imprisoned 12 Months.

Mow to recover the Penalties.

for Exportation, the Importer thereof do make Oath (or being a Quaker) a solemn Affirmation, before the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs (who has or have hereby Power to administer the same) that such cambricks were imported into Great Britain, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven Hundred and forty-two; and that the said additional Duty had been paid for the same, and had not been nnce drawn back; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hall falsely make any Oath or Affirmation, by this Act directed to be made, and hall thereof be legally convicted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, such Person so guilty, hall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be imprisoned for twelve Months.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted, and determined, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlanceshall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for, or prosecute the same.

[General issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act; the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and if it hall appear so to have been done, the Jury hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiffshall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants hall have appeared, or if Judgementshall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble costs,

Concerning and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants have in other Cases by see farther 17 Law.

Get). 2. C 30.

ls Gca. 2, C 24, 25, 27 & 36. 21 Geo. 2. c. 26. 24 Geo. 2. f. 46. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.

---

CAP. XXX.

An act to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics.

[4 Geo. 2. c. 10.]

'WHEREAS Persons who have the Misfortune to become Lunatics, may, by reason of such their Disorder, be liable to be surprised into unsuitable Marriages, which may be of pernicious Consequence, and a great Misfortune to their Families:' Wherefore, for preventing the same, and the ill Consequence thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Lunatick not to marry till declared of sane Mind by the Lord Chancellor, &c.]

That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty two, in case any Person who now is, or at any Time hereafter shall be found a Lunatic, by any Inquisition taken or to be taken by virtue of a Commission under the Great seal of Great Britain; or any Lunatic or Person under a Phrenzy, whose Person and Estate by virtue of any Act of Parliament, now are, or hereafter shall be committed to the Care and Custody of particular Trustees, shall marry before he or she shall be declared of sane Mind by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or such Trustees as aforesaid, or the Major Part of them respectively; such Marriage shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing collusive captures there; and for obliging the Claimers of Vessels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses order to be cleaned and refreshed.

[7 & 8 W. 3. c. 22]

'WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade,

[and 5 Ann. c. 8.]

and by another Act of the fifth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

for the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, no Ship or Vessel whatsoever shall be deemed or pass as a Ship of the Built and Property of Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey or any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, or a Prize Ship made free, so as to be qualified to trade, to, from,

or in any of the said Plantations, until the Person or Persons claiming property in such Ship or Vessel shall make Oath, and register the same in the Manner therein directed; in case any ship's Name so registered shall be altered, or any Transfer of Property to another Port, such Ship is thereby directed to be registered de novo, upon delivering up the former Certificate of the Register to the proper Officers to be cancelled; and in case of any Alteration of Property in the same Port, by the Sale of one or more Shares in any Ship, after registring thereof, such Sale is to be acknowledged by Indorsement'

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 31. 469

'on the Certificate of the Register before two Witnesses; which, the Certificates of the Register of several Ships have been frequently sold to Foreigners, and such Certificates delivered to the Purchasers, and the Ships of Foreigners, under Colour thereof, have been admitted to trade from and to the said Plantations (though of foreign Property) contrary to Law, to the Prejudice of the Navigation of Great Britain, and the Plantations;' For the Prevention thereof for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Masters of Vessels

That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, no Ship or Vessel required by the said recited A else

to be registered, and carrying any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, to or from any of his Majesty's said ch0unteupcono.ib

Plantations in America, or to or from one Plantation to another, shall be permitted to trade, or be deemed cp

qualified for that Purpose, within the Intent of the said recited acts, until the Master or Person having

Charge of the said Ship or Vessel, shall upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker, upon his solemn Affirmation)

before the Governor or collectorof the Customs of every of his Majesty's said Plantations where the same shall arrive, give a just and true Account of the Name and Burden thereof, and of the Place from whence

flte came, and of the other Particulars according to the Form following; that is to say,

A.B. maketh Oath (or if a Quaker, solemnly affirms) that the Ship or Vessel called the The Oath.

whereof he this Deponent (or Affirmant) is Master, or hath the Charge or Command during this pre font Voyage, being of the Burden of Tonnes, came last from, and that (he

1 is, as he verily believes, the same Ship or Vessel described, meant and intended in and by the Certificate now produced by him; and that the same does now, as he believes, belong wholly to his Majesty's ' British Subjects, and that no Foreigner has directly or indirectly any Share, Property or Interest therein,

to his Knowledge or Belief.'

And in case any Ship or Vessel shall load or unload any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, before such Proof shall be made; that every such Ship and Vessel shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered and divided in like Manner, as if she had not been registered in pursuance of the said at of the seventh and eighth of King William the Third.

II. And whereas by the said A of the seventh and eighth Years of his said late Majesty King Will liam the Third, it is enacted, That no ship's Name registered shall afterwards be changed without re giftring the same de novo, which is by the said Act required to be done upon any Transfer of Property 1 to another Port, and delivering up the Certificate of the first Registry to be cancelled: And whereas Mailers of Ships have frequently lost or mislaid Certificates, to the great Prejudice of the Owners, who have thereby lost their Voyages, and been deprived of the Benefit of registring their Ships de novo, and such Lolfcs have happened at great Distances from the Port proper for the registring the Ship de novo; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, if any Ship or Vessel duly qualified to trade to, from and in his Majesty's said Plantations, shall happen to be in any of the said Plantations, and the Certificate of the Register thereof shall be lost or mislaid, the Master or other Person having Charge of the said Ship or Vessel, may make Oath, or being a Quaker a solemn Affirmation, before the Governor or Collector of the Customs, in the Port where the Ship or Vessel shall happen to be, in the following Form;

Loading or unloading Good, before Proof of English Owners, the Ship to be forfeited.

Oath to be made of Certificate lost or mislaid.

A.B. being Master (or having the Charge) of the Ship or Vessel called the does swear (or oath

solemnly affirm) that the said Ship or Vessel has been, as he verily believes, registered according to Law, to qualify her to trade to, from and in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and that he had a Certificate thereof granted at the Port of but that the same is lost or mislaid, and that he cannot find.

the same, and does not know where the same is or what is become thereof, and that the same hath not been nor shall be, with his Privity or Knowledge, sold or disposed of to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that he this Deponant (of Affirmant) and three Fourths of the Mariners navigating the said Ship or Vessel are his Majesty's British Subjects, and the said Ship or Vessel does now, as he believes,

belong wholly to his Majesty's British Subjects, and that no Foreigner has to his Knowledge or Belief any Share, Property or Interest therein.'

And the said Master or other Person navigating the said Ship or Vessel, shall also give good and sufficient Security to be Security in the Penalty of five hundred Pounds, if the Ship or Vessel be of the Burden of one hundred given, that no Tonnes or under, and foin Proportion for every Ship or Vessel of a greater Burden, to the Collector of the ue ft'11 Port where the said Ship shall be, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Ulej with Condition that ke made of the the said ship or Vessel was duly registered according to Law, for qualifying the same to trade to, from and found'1'1* in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and that the Certificate of the said Register, if found, shall be delivered up to the Commissioners of the Customs to be cancelled, and no illegal Use has been or shall be made thereof, and that the same has not been or shall be fraudulently disposed of, and that the said Ship or Vessel does wholly belong to his Majesty's British Subjects, and that no Foreigner has any Share,

Property or Interest therein; and upon making such Oath or Affirmation, and giving such Bond as aforesaid, the Governor and Collector of his Majesty's Customs shall freely, and without Fee or Reward, give the said Master or other Person having the Charge of the said Ship or Vessel, a Certificate under their Hands and Seals, of his having given such Bond, and made such Oath or affirmation, and thereupon the

470 C 31. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

liberty trade said Sliip or Vittel shall have Liberty to trade for that Voyage only, in the sane Manner, as if the origi foronevoyage nal Ccirificate had been produced, and the first herein before mentioned Oath or Affirmation had been at er the Regi and no otherwise; and the said Certificate so to be given, shall have the same Force and effcist during the said Voyage only, as the original Certificate of the Rdgifter if produced, and taking the said first mentioned Oath or Affirmation would have had, and no other; and the Officers taking the said Oath and Bond, shall transmit an Account thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs.

Directions for

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Certificate of the Register of any irgiflring ship Ship or Vessel shall be loll, and the Master or Person having Charge of the said Ship or Vessel, and one k novo, after or more of the Owners shall make Proof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's cu 'hc, f ', he Horns, in case the Owner or Owners or any of them shall reside in Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey or 7 stu c4 C Jersey, or of the Governor or Collector of the Customs, residing in any of his Majesty's Plantations i 11/ inerica, in case she was registered in such Plantation, and none of the Owners shall reside in Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey or jerjiy, upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation of the Lois of such Certificate, and likewise of the Name, Burden, Built, Property and other Particulars required by the said Aid of the fevemli and eighth of King William the Third, in the same Manner, and before the same Persons, as by that Act are required upon original Registers; and shall likewise give good and sufficient Security, in the Penalty of five hundred Pounds, if the Ship or Vessel be of the Burden of one hundred Tonnes, and foin Proportion for every Ship or Vessel of a greater Burden, to the Collector of the Port, to which such Sliip or Vessel shall belong; and that the original Certificate hath not been, nor shall be fraudulently disposed of, or used contrary to Law; and that the same when found, shall be delivered up to the Commissioners of the Customs to be cancelled; in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and the Governor and Collector of the Customs, refilling at the Plantations respectively; and the said Commissioners, Governor and Collector are hereby required to permit the said Ship or Vessel to be registrei de novo; and the proper Officers shall deliver a Certificate thereof to the Owner or Owners registring the same, in the Manner directed by the said^act of the seventh and eighth of King William the Third, and therein mention the Name by which the Ship or Vessel was formerly registered, and that such Certificate of a new Register is granted in pursuance of this al, instead of a former Certificate, which appears by such Proof as this Act requires, to be lost; and that such new Register and Certificate shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same were an original Register and Certificate, and no other; and a Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted by the Officers who shall grant the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs.

IV. And whereas by the before recited Act of Parliament made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Planta tion Trade, it is enacted among other Things, That in all Bonds (commonly called Plantation Bonds)

12 C w. 2. C 18. 1 that are given in the Plantations, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and 32 Car. X C 26. ' another Act made in the twenty second Year of his said majesty's Reign, to prevent planting Tobacco in England, and regulating the Plantation Trade, the Governors of the Plantations, before they permit any Ship, that by Law is to trade there, to load on board any of the Commodities enumerated in the said Act last mentioned, are to take Bond in the Manner, and to the Value expressed and directed by the said Act, that such Ships or Vessels shall carry all the aforesaid enumerated Goods that shall be laden on board the said Ship, to some other of his Majesty's British Plantations, or to Great Britain; and that the Condition of the said Bonds shall be within eighteen Months after the Date thereof (the Danger of the Seas excepted) to produce Certificates of having landed and discharged the Goods therein menti oned, in one of his Majesty's said British Plantations, or in Great Britain, otherwise such Bonds to be > 4 in full Force: But there being no Provision made in any of the said Acts, or any other Law, for returning and producing Certificates within any limited Time of the landing and discharging such Goods for such Ships as give Bond in Great Britain, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Acts made in the twelfth and twenty lccond Years of King Charles the Second; ' Be it therefore enacted by the au tv Condition tiioriry aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and et Plantation forty-two, That in all Bonds, commonly called Plantation Bonds, which shall be hereafter taken or en treri into in Great Britain, in pursuance of the said Act, or any other Law since made, whereby the Goods therein enumerated are to be brought to Great Britain, such Bonds shall be with Condition, that within eighteen Months from the Date thereof.(the Danger of the Seas excepted) a Certificate shall be produced from the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Goods shall be delivered, that they have been there lauded and discharged, otherwise such Bonds shall be forfeited, and the Penalty thereof shall and may be filed for in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively; provided that

this Act shall not extend or be conilrued to extend to Bonds given for Ships which lade Rice at Carolina

or Georgia, by Virtue of a Licence granted by the Commissioners of the Customs, to be carried to some 5 C 2s. Part of Europe, to the Southward of Cape Eimjlerre, pursuant to an al passed in the third Year of his present maictty's Reign, or for Ships lading Sugars in any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, by virtue of a Licence granted by the Commissioners of his maj.fly's Customs, to be carried directly to any is.cco. 2. C 39. foreign Part of Europe, except Ireland, pursuant to an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his ceninisg'p/an. present Majesty.

(aliens Jet farther

A. 33. jnd 24 C CC j, C cs S' 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35. 30 Geo. 2. r.

13 Geo. 2. c. 4. ' V And whereas by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 31. 471

t eouftgment of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service, it is declared and enacted by the Authority t aforesaid, That nothing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's Plantations in America, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to such Restrictions and Regulations, to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: And whereas during the present War with Spain, several Goods and Commodities of the Growth and Production of foreign Plantations, not belonging to his Majesty, and other Goods and Commodities! being the product of other Conn tries, have been already, and may be taken in America, which may by the Laws now in Force be fiihjcft to Forfeiture, or liable to the Payment of high Duties to his Majesty, as not coming directly from rhs Places of their Growth, or from the Ports or Places, where the said Goods can only or usually bare been first shipped for Transportation, which will not only be a Discouragement to the Captors and Im 4 porters thereof, but put them under a Necessity to send such Goods for the future directly to foreign 1 Markets, which will be alofs to his Majesty's Revenue, and tend to the Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Com t' 'p'won of modifies of the Growth or Prod uft of foreign Plantations, not belonging to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects which have been already taken, or shall be taken in America during this present War, and have 11 been or shall be condemned as Prize as aforesaid, and shall be imported into this Kingdom, in any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or in British Shipping, duly navigated, and for which the Duties due to his Majesty have not been paid or secured to be paid, upon producing such Affidavits and Certificates thereof as are herein after mentioned, shall pay such Customs and Duties only as the same would have paid, if the said Goods had been of the Growth and Product of the Plantations, Islands or Colonies, subject to the Crown of Great Britain; and that all other Goods, Wares and Merchandizes whatsoever, which have been or shall be taken and condemned as Prize in America as aforesaid, and which shall be imported into this Kingdom from any of the said Plantations, Islands or Colonies, upon producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector or Chief Officer at the Port or Place where such Goods were put oil board in America, that they are the same Goods which were condemned in the High Court of Admiralty, within such Plantation, Island or Colony, (the Truth of which shall appear to the said Collector or Chief Officer there, by Affidavit made by "the Person or Persons exporting such Prize Goods) and also upon art

Affidavit made before the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port in this Kingdom, where Concerning cu the said Goods shall be imported, by the Master, Purser or other Person who commands the Ship in Ji see i8 Geo. which the same shall be imported, that the Goods so imported are the same Goods for which the said Cer - ' tificate of the Collector or Chief Officer in America was made as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to, q and shall pay such Duties only in Great Britain as such Goods would be liable unto in case they had been Geo. II it. imported directly from the Ports or Places, of which the said Goods are of the Growth, Production or 30 Geo. 2. c. 18 Manufacture, or from those Ports or Places where the said Goods can only or usually have been first & for Transportation; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. 32. Ga. ic. 10.

VI. And whereas by the said Act of Parliament passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

1 it is enacted, 'Hiat for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Ship or other Vessel, Goods or Merchandizes taken Prize, and for leficning the Expenses that have been usual in the like Cases, the Judge or Judges of the Court of Admiralty, or other Person or Persons thereto authorised, shall proceed in the Manner directed by the said Act; and if the Case shall appear doubtful, and it shall be necessary for the clearing and determining such Doubt to have an Examination of Witnesses that are remote, that then the said Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Cap ' ture to be appraised by Persons named on the Part of the Captors, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge, for which Purpose the said Judge or Judges shall cause the Goods found on board to be unladen, and put in proper Warehouses, with separate Locks of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller of the Navai Of ' ficer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party or Parties desiring the same; and shall after such Appraisement made, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making such Claim, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimant to pay the Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be ad judged lawful Prize; and after such Security duly given, the said Judge or Judges shall make an ir.rer loquitory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released or delivered accordingly: And whereas there is no sufficient Provision made by the said Act for securing the Duties on such Goods as shall be so delivered by such Interloquitory Older, nor for preventing the Consumption in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantati ons in America of such European Goods taken as Prize, as shall be so delivered, which may be of the utmost Consequence to the Trade of this Kingdom Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Dlieflitn; fur no Goods taken as Prize final 1 be delivered by such Interloquitory Order as aforesaid, until the Duties paying the Duty payable for the same shall be first paid or secured to be paid, in such Manner as the Duty on Goods f in^be'pbne^ the like Kind ought to be paid or secured respectively; that no Prize Goods "of the Growth, Produc ail "

tion or Manufacture of Europe, which shall be brought into any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be delivered by such Interloquitory Order as aforesaid, until sufficient Security shall he first given to the Collector or Comptoller of his Majesty's Customs there, or where there is none such, to the Naval Officer there, to the Use of his Majesty, that all such Goods shall within three Months after be re exported out of the said Colony or Plantation; and that no Part thereof shall be confurned there.

VII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Ma 8 Anna', C 7,

jesty Queen Anne, for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities.

472

Claimants of Vdfels seized, to give Security to pay Costs.

11 W. 3. C JO.

12 3. C 11.

2 Ann. C 9.

3 Ann. C 4. f. 8, 10 Ann. C 29.

7 Geo. 1. c. 7 & si.

10 Geo. 1. c. 11.9 Geo. 2. c. 4.

foreign Goods may be taken out of the Warehouses and refreshed.

C 31. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742

modifies, it is enacted, That every Person upon Entry of any Claim in the Court where prohibited and uncustomed Goods are prosecuted, shall be obliged to give Security, in the Penalty of thirtypounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and in Default of giving such Security within the 1 Time limited by the Com fe of the court, for entering Claims, such Goods shall be recovered. And ' forasmuch as no Provision is made by the said recited Act, with respect to Seizures of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, by reason whereof groundless and vexatious Claims are frequently entered thereto, and the Offi cers of the Customs put to great Charges in the condemning thereof; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That front and after the twenty-fourth Day of june one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, where any Ship, Vessel or Boat whatsoever shall be seized by virtue of any Law now in Force, made for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, 'and where any Ship, vessel, or Boat of the burr then of one hundred Tonnes, or under, shall be seized for the unlawful Importation of Tea, Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters or Spit its, or for being used in the relanding any Goods whereon there is 3 Drawback or Bounty, or in the Removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of prohibited or uncustomed Goods after the unshipping thereof, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture; every Person upon Entry of any Claim in the Court where any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be prosecuted, shall be obliged to give Security in the Penalty of thirty Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim, and in Default of giving such Security within the Time limited by the Course of that Court for entering Claims, fuel: Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be recovered.

1 VIII. And whereas by an at passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of King wruiam the Third, 1 it is among other Things enabled. That all Wrought Silks, Bcngals and stuft's, mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and all Callicoes painted, dyed, printed, ot stained there, which are or shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall not be worn or otherwise used within this Kingdom, hut under such Limitations as are therein mentioned and expressed; and that all such Goods which shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall after Entry thereof, be forthwith carried and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall for that Purpose be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, so as none of them shall be taken or carried out thence upon any Account whatsoever, other than in order for Exportation, and not until sufficient Southeast curity be first given to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors (which the said Commissioners are thereby required and empowered to take) that the same and every Part thereof shall be exported, and not landed again in any Part of this Kingdom; and that the Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers shall keep one or more Book or Books, wherein he or they shall fairly enter or write an exact, particular, ' and true Account of all and every Chest, Bale, and Number of Pieces therein contained, of such of the aforesaid Goods only which shall be brought into, and carried out of his or their said Warehouse or Warehouses, and the Days and Times when the same shall be brought in and carried out; and it upon Examination it shall appear that any of the aforesaid Goods were carried out, unless for Exportation, or before sufficient Security given for their Exportation as aforesaid, that then the Warehouse or Warehouse Keepers so offending therein, shall not only forfeit and lose the Value of the said Goods so carried out as aforesaid, and be for ever disabled from any public Employment for the fu ture, but shall also forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every such Offence: And whereas the Goods before mentioned, upon opening thereof, are frequently found to be spotted or stained with Salt Water, or otherwise damaged in the Voyage, and unless permitted to be taken out of the Warehouse £ Warehouses to be refreshed and cleaned, they may totally perish, and the said Goods in several other Respects, in the Condition they come over, are entirely unfit for many Markets to which they are now sent, and thereby give other Nations the sole Vent of those Goods, and render the Value of them here muchriefs, which in both Cases would be of very great Loss to this Kingdom; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, if any Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the ma nufabture of Persia, China, or East India, or any Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or stained there, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, and secured in a Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, shall upon Examination by the proper Officers, appear to be spotted or stained with Saltwater, or otherwise damaged in the Voyage, or to be unfit for foreign Markets, unless cleaned and refreshed, dyed, glazed or calendered, then it shall and may be lawful, upon Bond being first given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to take, with two or more sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of double the Value of the Goods, with Condition that all and every Part of the Goods delivered out, shall be again returned into the same Warehouses within a certain Time to be limited in the said Bond, which Time shall be such as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable; then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers of the said Warehouses, by Leave of the said Commissioners, to suffer any of the said Goods in the Condition aforesaid to be taken out of the said Warehouses, or any of them, under the Care and in the custody of such Officer or Officers, as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, to be cleaned, dyed, pressed, glazed, calendered or refreshed, in order to make them the more merchantable and fit for foreign Markets; provided and it is hereby enabled, that the Officer or Officers who shall be appointed to have the Charge and Custody of the said Goods while they are out of the Warehouse or Warehouses for the' Purposes aforesaid, he paid for his or their Attendance and Trouble therein, by the Person or Persons at whose Request the Goods shall be delivered out; and in case of any Dispute, as to the Allowance to be made such Officer or Officers for his or their Attendance and Trouble therein, the same shall be adjudged and determined by the said Commissioners.

3

473

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 32.

IX. And whereas by the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth of William the Third it is provided,

That the Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers shall keep an Account, in the Manner therein di rested, of all the said Goods brought in and carried out of the said Warehouses, and transmit to the said Commissioners an exact Account thereof, upon Oath, every six Months, together with an exact Account how much shall be remaining in his or their said Warehouse or Warehouses respectively; which Accounts the said Commissioners are by the said Act empowered and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall be transmitted. to them, to cattle to be examined in the Manner therein directed, and to lay a true Account of the same before the Parliament, within the first Week of every Sessions thereof, '

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all the Accounts to be kept, prepared, trans Account to Permitted, or delivered as aforesaid, a true and exact Account shall be therein inserted and expressed, of all some nt of all so such of the said Goods as shall have been delivered out to be cleaned, dyed, pressed, glazed, calendered, the

or refrefled, by virtue or in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, and which shall be returned again into vtuefoufee to such Warehouses, mentioning the Days and Times when the same shall have been so delivered out or be refreshed brought back, together with an exact Account how much shall be remaining in the Care and Custody of and returned, the Officer or Officers appointed to have the Charge and Custody thereof, while they are out of the Warehouse or Warehouses, for the Purposes aforesaid.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That if the Officer or Officers who shall be intruded with the Penalty on Offi care and Custody of any of the said Goods delivered out of any of the said Warehouses for the Pur cera offending poles aforesaid, shall not return all such Goods into the Warehouse or Warehouses from hence they a£a'nft were taken, agreeable to the Intention of this act, the Officer or Officers offending therein, shall not only forfeit and lose the Value of the said Goods so carried out as aforesaid, and be for ever disabled from any public Employment for the future, but shall also forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and all Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned, shall and may be recovered and divided in like Manner as is provided by the said act of the eleventh and twelfth of William the Third, for Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures arising thereon.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for preventing the Mischief which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster.

WHEREAS by an at passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 5 Geo. 1. c. 26.

George the First, intituled, An Act for the ?naking more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of11 Geo i C z3his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs there of; it is enacted, That it shall not be lawful to have or keep more than two hundred Pounds of Gun powder at any Time in any House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Place, or in any Houses, Storehouses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, or other Places under one or the same Roof, or in any Yard or Yards within the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them, or within the Sub

urbs thereof, or within three Miles of the Tower of London, or within three Miles of his Majesty's

Palace at Saint james's, or within two Miles of any Magazine erected for keeping Gunpowder belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public, for more than the Space of twenty-four Hours, upon Pain of forfeiting such Gunpowder, and the Value thereof: And whereas the Dealers in Gunpowder continue to keep within the Limits aforesaid, as large and dangerous Quan

tities as they used to do before the making and passing of the said acts, evading or eluding the same,

either by dispoffng of such Gunpowder under diverse Roofs, or in Places not described by the said Sta tutes, or by taking Advantage of the Difficulty of proving the same to have been kept twenty-four Hours under the same Roof, or by some other Device or Craft; and although the Justices of the Peace authorised by the said acts, have Authority to cause dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder to be removed out of the Limits aforesaid, yet there being no Power given for detaining the same when removed, and the Property not being dive stead, the Owners or Proprietors thereof can immediately after such Removal demand the same again, and maintain an action at Law for the Recovery thereof, although the same be not detained an Hour after such Removal; whereby the good Intentions of the said Statutes are ut terly defeated, to the great and apparent Danger of the public safetyfor Remedy whereof, and for ig Car. 1. C «. the more effectual preventing in future the Dangers aforesaid, and for making the said Remedy more ex 1 ac - cs tensive, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excel Geo. 2- c 19 lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, it shall not be lawful for any Person or keep but 501. Persons, not being a Dealer or Dealers in Gunpowder, to have or keep within the Limits aforesaid more of Gunpowder; than fifty Pounds of Gunpowder, or for any Person or Persons being a Dealer or Dealers in Gunpowder, Dealers no more to have or keep within the Limits aforesaid, for any longer Time than twenty-four Hours, more than [o'"era°ka*>' two hundred Pounds of Gunpowder at any Time, in any House, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, 2°u0ursa.n Yard, Wharf, or other Place, or in any Houses, Storehouses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Yards, nor on the Wharves, or other Places, either under one and the same Rhof, or by dividing the same, and dii posing Thames, except thereof under diverse Roofs, or in diverse Places, or upon the River of Thames within the Limits aforesaid, in Ships, C except in Ships, Boats, and other Vessels actually passing and repassing on the said River of Thames, orde f, nr°toa^ ed tained there by the Tides or bad Weather; and exceptalfo in Carts, Wagons, or other Carriages actually by tider/orbad Vol. VI p p p loading Weather';

C

0^'

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

orcarrinfcsioai lading or unloading, or passing or repairing on the Highway; upon Pain of forfeiting all such gunpow itig or unloading, aik] the Value thereof, with full Coirs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who will inform and sue hi^hv'aj? on 1 e for the same, by any Action, Bill or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record atlfcjl tminster, which Courts are hereby empowered and required to give special Judgement in such Actions, Bills or Informations, to be brought upon this Act, as well for the Recovery of such Gunpowder in Specie, as for the Value thereof, besides Costs, and to award effectual Execution thereon; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided such Suit or Action be commenced within thirty Days next after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred, and shall be prosecuted without wilful Delay.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing within the Limits aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Parish Officer, or by any one or more Housholder or Housholders, being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants within the said Limits, assigning a rea officers to brealc fonaj, ie Cause for the same, to issue his Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, for searching in

open Ware ——

na't See 2 Geo. 2. c. 3s.

Action to be commenced within Days.

Any Justice to irt ue Search Warrants.

houses, C if Occasion.

To seize ard move unlawful Quantit es in Iz Hours 5

and detain the same till the

the daytime for dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder within the Limits aforesaid, any Houses, Store houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Yards, Wharves, or other Places whatsoever, or any Ships, Boats, or other Vessels on the River of Thames (except as herein before is excepted) within the Limits aforesaid, and for that Purpose to break open any such Houses, Storehouses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Yards, Wharves, or other Places aforesaid, or any Boats, Ships, or other Vessels, if there shall be Occasion; and that upon every or any such Search, it shall be lawful for the Searchers cr Persons finding the same immediately to seize, and then, or at any Time within twelve Hours after such Seizure, to amove or cause to be amoved, all such Gunpowder as shall be found within the Limits aforesaid, upon any such Search, exceeding the Quantity allowed by this present Act; and the same being so amoved out of the Limits aforesaid, it shall be lawful to detain and keep the same until it shall be determined in one of his Ma property be de jessy's said Courts of Record at Westminster, whether the same shall be forfeited by virtue of this Act, termmed by a an(j the person or Persons so detaining the same, shall not in the mean Time be subject or liable to any a^weilminster Action or Suit for the keeping or detaining the same until the Property shall be determined as aforesaid.

III. And whereas diverse Persons have permitted the Dealers in Gunpowder to lodge diverse Quantities thereof in their Houses, Warehouses, Yards, or other Places, not belonging to such Dealers, with a ' View of evading the aforesaid afts for Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall consent or agree, or knowingly permit or suffer any other

gunpowder^cobe person or Persons whatsoever, to have or keep any Gunpowder whatsoever, in any House, Warehouse, lodged with Shop, Cellar, Wharf, Yard, or other Place, within the Limits aforesaid, belonging to or in the Pof

them, not being session. Power or Occupation of any such Person or Persons, not being the Owner or Proprietor, or the

Owners or Proprietors of such Gunpowder; every such Person and Persons shall forfeit, for every such the Sum of one Shilling for every Pound of Gunpowder which he, she or they shall so consent or agree, or knowingly permit or suffer to be had or kept as aforesaid, contrary to the Meaning of this present Act; to be recovered by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, in such Manner as is before provided for the Recovery of the Penalties herein before mentioned.

IV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in such Gunpowder, or any Person or Persons by Collusion with the Owners or Proprietors thereof, to have or maintain any Action, Bill or Information upon this present Act; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything, done in Pursuance of this present Act, in every such Case such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter iu Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in Pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Suit or Action after Issue joined; or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

VI. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con starehouses ^ruec* to extend in any wise, to affect any Storehouse or Magazine belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs Magazines.^or Successors, wherein Gunpowder or other Stores shall be kept for the Use of the Public, or to hinder

the proving or trying Gunpowder by his Majesty's Officers as is usual, for the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to the carrying of Gunpowder to and from any of his Majesty's Magazines, or with Forces in their Marches, tobvinfcrcc, as

VII. And be it enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things well as this Act. therein contained, not hereby altered, shall be of full Force, and shall or may be observed and put in furtherprcvi Execution for preventing the Mischiefs aforesaid, notwithstanding the making of this Act.

Jipm concerning

cunpac dic, 22 Geo. 2. 38. 29 Geo. a. C 1&.

the Owners.

Proviso,

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Phis act net

1

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to revive several Acts for the Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine running of Goods, and to Copper Ore, of the britifl.b Plantations and for extending the Liberty given by the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar of the Growth of the Britiff Sugar Colonies in America to Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Starr or Bent.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned (which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial) are expired, or near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, 5 Geo. 2. c. 33. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, gc(x 2 C j?iintituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down and destroy turn pikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers Navigable, and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in and S Geo. 2. tituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for puniftnng such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously relating pulldown or defray Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other ll orks crcfted by Act of Parliament, '"//"neks for making Rivers Navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, which said Acts are expired, shall vjv\.d, r 'year} be and the same are hereby revived, and shall be in Force for the Purposes therein mentioned, from the < Made repeal first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, until the first Day of June one thousand fe, c. 16. ven hundred and forty seven.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the Aa 3 Geo. 2. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province C t/carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southzuard of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and f'ff r' "'e 0 belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to be in Force for five Years, " '

from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the and another End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of, 7 >9.

his present Majesty, to continue the said Act, from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day for continuing'* of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next the same till Session of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in America, ?ep(* z '74* shall be, and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said. first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Section continued "ill of Parliament. June i, 1747.

Continued by 27 Geo. 2. c. 18' and farther by 33 Geo. 2. c. 16.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act made in Clauses in 5 Geo. the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act against clandefine running of wicttjlomed C '

; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such foreign Goods, Goods'." Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed

or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships 3 and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels, not containing twenty Gallons at the leaf!; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which said several Clauses were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and by another Act passed in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, were continued from 9 Geo. 2. c. 8. the Expiration of the several and respective Terms therein mentioned, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty-ninth 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign 8 Geo. 2. c. 21. of his present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the said ct°"'e'" uei " first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then Farther conk next Session of Parliament. nued by 27 Geo.

2. C js.' and farther ly 33 Geo. 2. c. 26.

P p p 2 IV. And

476 C 33. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

S Geo. 1.1, is.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the to prevent the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger Running of Jnfeftion thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarentine; and to subject Copper Ore of the prodo.c

'r tlon 'f the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production arefub, 747.'jedi; which was to be in Force for two Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven

conti hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which rued by 27 Geo. Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or vessels to perform Quarentine) was by an Act made in the v'g'm' a" dj eleventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, further continued from the Expiration thereof, for three Years, 0 ct.u. c. t. ar){j prom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act (except T e0', C'2R9' the Clause obliging all Ships or vessels to perform Quarentine) made in the second Year of the Reign of a Geo. i. C 28. jjg present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Add (except the Clause obliging all Ships or vessels to perform Qua

5 Geo. 2. c. 21. rentine) was by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be (except so much of the same Act as relates to Ships or vessels performing Quarentine) and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Gee. C 30. < y. And whereas the Liberty given by the Act of the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign to carry

Sugar of the Growth and Produce of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, directly to foreign Parts, ' in Ships built in Great Britain, navigated according to Law, hath proved very beneficial to the said Colonies, and the extending thereof to Ships belonging to Great Britain, navigated according to Lave would greatly promote and encourage the Trade of the said Colonies; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Act to carry Su Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred plantations II anc forty tvvoj it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects, in any Ship or Vessel built reaiy to foreign in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated Parts extended according to Law, to ship or load in any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, any Sugars of the to all Ships be Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Colonies, or any of them, and to carry the same from Brit m° Great t^ience 'n any Ships or vessels to any foreign Parts of Europe; subject nevertheless to all such Rules cmunintphn Entries, Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in and by tatkm see farther the said Act of the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for that Purpose particularly appointed and 21 Geo. 2. c. 30. enacted.

24 Geo. 2. c. 51

6 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 Gf 35. 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

VI. And whereas upon the northwest Coasts of this Kingdom, and especially in the County Pala tine of Lancaster, the Sea is bounded, and the adjacent Lands are prevented from being overflowed by large sand hills, which are composed of such loose Sand, that in dry Weather, when any Violent strong ' 'West Winds happen to blow, the same is carried away, and thrown upon the adjacent Lands, not only to the Damage thereof, but also to the great Terror and Danger of the Inhabitants, who are thereby exposed to the Inundation of the Sea: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the best Way to preserve the said Hills from being blown away as aforesaid, is to plant them with a certain Rush or Shrub called Starr or Bent, which proves an effectual Method for keeping the same firm and solid, and which the Owners of the said Lands are at great Costs and Charges, in yearly Petting and planting for that Purpose: whereas it frequently happens, that many idle and disorderly Persons, ' residing near the said Coasts, do unlawfully and maliciously in the nighttime, as well as by Day, cut, ' pull up, and carry away the Starr or Bent so planted as aforesaid, and inilead of working in an honest 4. Manner for the Maintenance and Support of their Families, do privately sell and dispose of the said Starr or Bent, for making or Mats, Brushes, and Brooms or Befoms, and thereby the said Hills are rendered so loose and open, that the same are often blown upon the adjacent Lands, which are covered over therewith in such Manner as to destroy the Corn, Grass and Herbage thereof, and expose the same '.to Inundations, to the great Loss and Damage of the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands: 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, by Day or Night, without the Consent of the Lord or Owner of such Starr or Bent Hills, cut, pull up or carry away any Starr or Bent which already is, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall be planted or seton the said Hills or Banks, on the northwest Coasts of England, in order to preserve and to prevent the same from being blown upon the said adjacent Lands, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, Town corpp rate. Liberty or Division, where such Starr or Bent shall be cut, pulled up or carried away, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered upon Complaint or Information upon Oath made of such Offence (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised to administer) to summon the Party or Parties so complained of, and in Default of Appearance thereon, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend and bring before him or them the Person or Persons so accused or complained of; and upon Proof thereof made, either by Confession of the Party or Parties so accused, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Offender or Offenders: and every

Persona.

D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.

C 34. 477

Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, ishall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Lord or Owner of such Starr, Bent, or sand hills, the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chaitcls, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, together with the Charges of such di llrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and for want of sufficient Distress, the said Justice or Justices are hereby required to commit the Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, to the House of Correction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months; and if any Person or Persons so convicted shall after wards be guilty of a second Offence, and thereof lawfully convicted by such Justice or Justices, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, such Person or Persons shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one Year, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Starr or Bent shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons within five Miles of any such Starr, Bent or sand hills as aforesaid, such Person or Persons being convicted thereof before one or more such Justice or Justices in Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be the Cutter and Puller of such Starr or Bent from such sand hills, and hall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; one Moiety thereof to the Lord or Owner of such Starr, Bent or sand hills, the same to be levied in Manner aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Person or Persons shall be committed in Manner aforesaid, to the House of Correction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained hall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit or restrain any Person or Persons from the Exercise or Enjoyment of any ancient prescriptive Right, to cut Starr or Bent upon the Seacoasts in the County of Cumberland.

1 IX. And whereas by an Act made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, entitled, ^Act for Preservation ofmeadow s. Lands and Pafurages lying adjacent to sand hills, the pulling of Bent is prohibited and restrained under the Penalties mentioned in the said Act: And whereas the said Act hath by Experience been found ineffectual for answering the Purposes thereby intended; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, if any Bent Hall be nulled or cut from any sand hills in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, either by the Lord or Owner thereof, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, such Person or Persons being convicted thereof shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, to be disposed of in such Manner as in and by the said Act is particularly mentioned and expressed; if any Bent shall from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons within eight Miles of any sand hills in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Person or Persons being convicted thereof, shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be the Puller or Cutter of Bent from such sand hills, and shall he subject and liable as a Puller of Bent to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, to be disposed of in such Manner as in and by the said Act is particularly mentioned and expressed.

Penalty for cutting Siarr or Kent from the Sand hi lb.

Penalty on f cond Ostence#

Penalty on having Starr or Bent in Custody,

Proviso,

Penalty for cutting Siarr and Bent ia Scotland,

Penalty for having Starr and Bent in Custody in Scotland,

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to explain an Act: made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the stealing and destroying of Sheep and other Cattle.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[14 Geo. 2. c. 6.]

intituled, An act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the sealing and destroying of Sheep and

other Cattle, It was enacted, That if any Person or Persons should at any Time from and after the first Day of May in thcjyear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-one feloniously drive away,

or in any other Manner feloniously steal, one or more Sheep or other Cattle of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or should wilfully kill one or more Sheep or other Cattle of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a felonious Intent to steal the whole Carcase or Careafes, or any Part or Parts of the Carcase or Careafes of any one or more Sheep or other Cattle that should be so killed, or should assist or aid any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences, that then the Person or Persons

f' uilty of any such Offence, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, should be adjudged guilty of elony, and should suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas it is doubtful to what Sorts of Cattle besides Sheep the said Act was meant to extend; ' Be it therefore enacted ofcmtivthe AC and declared by the the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords fhjivxtend!" Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act was meant and intended, and shall be construed, deemed and taken to extend to any Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf and Lamb, as well as Sheep, and to no other Cattle whatsoever.

XXXV. I

I

478 C 35-

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. A.D. 1742.

CAP. XXXV.

12. nn, flat. X C 16.

5 Geo. 1. c. 25. jo Geo. 1. C 17. 8 Geo. 2. c. 18.

Continued to June 1, 1747, C

continued by 27 Geo. 2. c. 18, 'and again by 33 Geo. 2. c. 17. Clauses in 8 Geo. X C 15, for encouraging she Silk Manufacture s

1. C 29. r. Geo. 2. c. 28. S Geo. 2. C is,

continued to jure j, 1747.

Farther continued by 26 Geo.

2. C 32.'

and again by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23, The two last Clauses in an Act 9 Geo. X C 8. for continuing Laws, &c.

Farther continued as 8 Geo.

3. C j5.'

continued to June i, 1747, and farther by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

A CL au fe in an act9& jowil. 3. C 26. 19.

relating to ccp p r oc.

12 Anns, flat. 1. C 18. 5.

continued 14 Years.

j3 Geo. 1. c. 27.

An Act to continue several Laws for the Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and to explain a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, and other Things therein mentioned; and to ive further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the ( Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; which was to continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament;

and which was by an Act made in the fifth Year of his late majesty's Reign further continued for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by 1 another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty was further continued for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses contained in an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking offfever al Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the two Corporations of Assurance on any Suit brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Cofs of Suit, relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which were to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign continued from the Expiration thereof for three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign were further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty were further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the two last Clauses in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing of some Laws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for more effectual preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with Stuffs to be exported; which said Clauses were by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in Force to the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, and from thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty were further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and are hereby further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause contained in an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years j>f the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited Time a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of copper Bars imported; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for fourteen 'll ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the pro viso in the said last Act contained, being in the Words following; that is to say, Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Drawback Gaol be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but fuel) as hath been or Gaol be imported from the East Indies, and the Cpajl ofbi\ rbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for

A.D. 1742. Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 35.

fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shll be and are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, *entitled, ' An Act to prohibit for a Time therein limited the Exportation of Corn, Grain, (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork and Bacon, it is (among other Things] enacted, That no Person or Persons, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, shall direct, or indiresly export, transport, carry or convey out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or other the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain in Europe, or the Plantations in America, any Sort of Corn or Grain, (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork or Bacon, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and twenty Shillings for every Bushel of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour so exported, in which said Act is contained a Proviso, That no thing therein contained should extend to prohibit the exporting Corn from the British Plantations in America to Great Britain or Ireland, or from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, so as such Security be given as the said Act diress; which said Act is since expired: And whereas a Doubt has arisen, whether the Exporters of Wheaten Flour, and Malt ground or unground, are entitled to the Bounty by Law allowed to those who should export the same, by Reason it is not expressly provided by the said Act, That Wheaten Flour, and Malt ground or unground, should be exported to Ireland as well as whole Corn Be it therefore cnased and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act was meant and intended to extend to all Corn and Malt that was ground, as well as whole Corn 5 anything in the said before recited Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The Clause concerning Clerks and Apprentices.

EXP.

Anno decimo sexto GEORGII II. Regis

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the first Day of December, Anno Domini one jfjl thousand seven hundred and forty-one, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lords ' GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the faith, e. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the sixteenth Day of Novem her one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; being the second Session of this present parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty three EXP. At 4s. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three.

EXP.

Cap. m.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bows in the County of York, to Borough under Stainmare in the County of Westmoreland.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. IV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the more effesual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to tickjorclbridge in Newport Bagnel in the County of Bucks.

PR.

The AS 1 Geo. z, C 10. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town c/warminher in the County of Wilts. PR,

The AS 13 Geo. 1. c. 16. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Charterhouse Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate for raising Money effesually to enclose, pave, watch, clean and improve the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair, P R, -

479

Farther continued by 26 Geo 2. C 32/ and iig.un by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

14 Geo. 2. c. 3.

Exporters of Wheaten Flour and Mali ground, entitled to the Bounty allowed for exporting Corn.

480 C 7, 8.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

Preamble, reciting the Act 9 Geo. 2. c. 23.

Amended by i7geo. 2. C 17,

The former Dii' ties repealed,

New Duties granted,

The Duties,

To b*collected, a? the excise*

CAP. VII.

An Act for repairing the highroad from Borough Bridge in the County of York, to Catherick in the same County, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Tecs.

PR.

Certain Tolls are granted for 21 Years. See 22 Geo. 2. c. 59.

CAP. VIII.

An act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same, and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail tb said Liquors.

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Cintituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Re ' toilers thereof the Selling and Retailing of Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usque oaugh, Geneva, Aqua Vita, or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, either mixed or unmixed, in any lets Quantity than two Gallons, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, as in the said Act is directed, ' was prohibited under the Penalties therein mentioned, and a Duty of twenty Shillings for every Gallon of all such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters was thereby granted, and directed to be raised and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Retailers thereof, over and above all other Duties then

charged and chargeable upon the same, with diverse Provisions and Directions in the said act contained

for managing, collecting, paying and applying the same Duty and Penalties respectively: And whereas great Difficulties and Inconveniences have attended the putting the said act in Execution, and the same hath not been found effectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deftrous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the easiest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors herein after mentioned; and dc most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and aftci the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, the Duty of twenty Shilling; per Gallon granted to his Majesty by the said act, upon all Spirituous Liquors which any Retailer; thereof should be possessed of or interested in, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and also the Sum of fifty Pounds yearly, which by the said act was granted tc his Majesty for a Licence for vending, bartering or uttering such Spirituous Liquors, shall cease, determine, and be longer paid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Lieu and stead of the Duty and Imposition granted and directed to be raised by the said former act, and which is hereby repealed a; 1 aforesaid, there shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the several Spirituous Liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in Great Britain, and herein after mentioned, specified and enumerated (over and above all Duties, Charges and Impositions by any former Act of Parliament thereupon respectively set, rated and imposed) the several Rates and Duties of Exxife herein after mentioned and expressed; is to say,

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, sixpence

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn only from any Sort of Drink or Wash brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, other than and except Brewers Wash and Tilts, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny.

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny.

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort 01 Kind of English Materials, or any mix ture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Halfpence.

For every Gallon of Spirits made in Great Britain of any Kind of Wine or Cyder imported, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, sixpence.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters or Aqua Vitcs made for Sale of any other Materials, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, threepence.

III. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying and securing the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein; Be itfurthei enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this act granted, as are charged upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in England, Wales or the Town 01 Berwick upon Tzvesd, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Maj city's Revenues of Excise in England for the Time being, and such of the said Rates and Duties a; are imposed by this act upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in Scotland, hall b under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Timr

3 being.

A.D. 1743. Anno ciecimo sexto Georgii II. c. 8. ft j

being; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major P; irt of them, have hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be neccil ary m that Belialf; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties, or any Part thereof <., t necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid II to the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public!: Revenues, subject and liable to the Dies, Applications, and Purposes as shall by any future Act or Acts of Parliament be directed or appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities; Aii Cower, i C

Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act by

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act At*'

for taking aiuay the Court of tvards, and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Pur C veyance, and settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by the said Act of the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, upon

Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the Duties granted and directed to be raised by this Act, upon the said Spirituous Liquors therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the ft.id Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Tilings, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and that one Moiety of the bines, Penalties and Forfeitures hereby granted, shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by Fines an i CC this Act before and herein after imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such Ways, nalties how to Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any he recovered. Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of iiis majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer. in Scotland respectively; and one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, shall be to his Mu k?n h! jesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue otf, r to for the same. former.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue, or in pursuance of this or any other Act relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of the

Excise, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Actor such other General Issue. Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a ver dict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him or them against Treble Costs, any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

VII. And for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made from the Materials Drawback on

aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, there shall be a Drawback or Allowance of the several e3' z"

and respective Duties charged by this Acton Spirits that shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas; and'*

upon Oath being made before any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, that the Duties of the same are duly entered and paid, and that the same are exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits were hipped off, of the Quantities so shipped, and that the same.were hipped in the Presence of such Officers, the Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons exporting the same, shall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners of Excise, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits shall be shipped off, the several Duties charged thereupon by this Act accordingly.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of n. northeast to retafe March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume by Spirituous LI him, her or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her or them, 2,; °^'thout or for his, her or their Benefit, to retail any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aqua Vitce, 26 Geos. C 13. or any other distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters unmixed or mixed with themselves or any other Ingredients, and by whatsoever Name or Names they are or may be called, publicly or privately, without fitft taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner hereafter directed, within ten Days at least before he, she or they shall retale the same, for which he or they shall immediately upon taking out thereof pay down for the same, the Sum of twenty Shillings in Manner following; that is to say, If such Licence to Licence be taken out within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, then such Licence shall becoft2os. granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners for the Duty of Excise for the Time being, and the Duties for the same shall be paid at the chief Office of Excise in London. or at any other Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall appoint to receive the same; and that such Persons, as by the said Commissioners shall be appointed, whoflinl!deliver are hereby empowered to deliver such Licences to any such Person or Persons, upon his, her or their payout the Licences.

4s:

9*

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

fie/h Licences every Year.

Penalty 10l for retaling without a Licence;

ing down for the same the aforesaid Sum of twenty Shillings at the Time of taking out thereof; but if such Licence shall be taken out without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise, within their respective Collections and Distriftsj and the Duty for the same shall be paid by all and every the Persons so taking out such Licence, at the Office of Excise next adjoining to the Place where he, fly or they respectively reside or inhabit, or at any other Place, and to such Persons as his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for the Time being shall appoint to receive the same; and such Persons as by the said Commissioners shall be appointed, are hereby empowered to deliver such Licences to any such Person or Persons, upon his, her or their paying down for the same the aforesaid Sum of twenty shillings at the Time of taking out thereof: Management of And in case such Licences be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licences shall Licences m be granted under the Hands and Seals of two. or more of his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scot

Scotlan. land for the Time being, and the Duties for the same shall be paid at the chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh,

in the same Manner as is herein before directed, in regard to the Licences to be taken out within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; but if such Licences shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts, and the Duties for the lame shall be paid in like Manner as is herein before directed with regard to the Licences to be taken out in England, without the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall take out such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence ten Days at the lead before the Expiration of twelve Months, after the taking out the first Licence, before he, she or they do presume to offer to retale any such Spirituous Liquors, and in the same Manner to renew every such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of twenty Shillings for each and every new or renewed Licence, at the Places and at the Times before mentioned; and if any Person or Persons shall presume to offer or retale any of the said Spirituous Liquors, without taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for each Offence; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum of ten Pounds, the same being lawfully demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty, upon Information upon Oath being made before him or them of such Refusal or Neglect, by Warrant under his

or to be kept to or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the Hopfe of Correction hard Labour two for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty wherein such Person or Persons shall reside, there to Months. remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment; and the Person or Persons shall not be discharged until he, she or they shall have paid the said Sum of ten Pounds, or until the full Expiration of the said two Months.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever selling by retail any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters whatsoever, except to such Persons only who shall keep Taverns, victualling houses, Inns, coffee houses or ale houses; and if any such Licences shall be granted to any other Persons than as aforesaid, the same are hereby declared void to all Intents and Purposes.

XL Provided, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to enable any Person or Persons to sell any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters by Retale, unless such per f'on or Persons be first licensed to sell Ale or Spirituous Liquors by two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty wherein such Person or Persons shall sell the said Liquors, under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Physicians, Apothecaries, Surgeons or Chemists, as to any Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, which they may use in the Preparation or making up of Medicines for Sick, Lame, or distempered Persons only; and that no Person or Persons shall be deemed or taken to be a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, who doth not by him, or herself, or themselves, or by his, her or their Servant or other Person retale the same, to be drank or confuined in his, her or their Warehouses, Store

lalo s who ilia!] houses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Rooms, Sheds, or other Places to him, her or them belonging, or that

nnt t est in shall otherwise retale or send the same abroad out of their said Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars,

Vaults, Rooms, Sheds, or other Places, in less Quantities than one Pint.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties directed to be paid, levied or received as aforesaid, any Spirits made or distilled from Malt,

and retaled and consumed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which Spirits are commonly called and known by the Name of Aqua Sites in that Part of the Kingdom, or to subject the Makers,

Concerning Spirt Sellers or Retailers thereof, within that Part of the Kingdom to take such Licences as are herein before t: mn Liquors directed.

see farther

17 Geo. 2. C if. 19 Geo. 2. c. 12, 20 Geo. 2. c. 39. 24 Geo 2, C 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. C II 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 2().

3 3 Geo. 2. <.9Cf 2s.

CAP. IX.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate., in the City of London, to raise a certain Sum of Money, for Payment of Debts already contrasted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

PR.

To whom Licences shall be granted.

Proviso;

Proviso in Favour of Physicians, Apothecaries, Surgeons, or Chemists.

None to be deemed Rea

Pint.

This not to affect Retailers of Malt Spirits in Scotland.

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II.

C io, 11

483

CAP. X

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough through West kcnnet to Shepherds Shard; and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckharnpton, to the Top of Cheritl Hill; and from the Town of Avebury to the cross way at Bcchhampton, in the County of Wilts.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XI.

An act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct of Returning Officers at such Elections.

WHEREAS many Returning Officers of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have of late presumed to act in a moll; partial and ar bitrary Manner, sometimes upon false Pretences, that the Rolls of Electors of Commissioners for Shires were not regularly made up, or that the Commissioners for the several Boroughs entitled to vote in the Choice of a Member for the respective Districts of Boroughs were not duly elected, or were not authorised by proper Commissions, and sometimes without any Pretence at all, encouraged thereto from Hopes of Impunity, by reason that the Laws in being have either provided no sufficient Punishment for such Offences; or where Penalties are provided, it has been found by Experience to be extremely difficult, and scarcely possible to recover them For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act Part of the at of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called 3' '

Scotland, as enacts, That no Person or Persons who have not been enrolled, and voted at former Elec F tions, shall upon any Pretence whatsoever, be enrolled, or admitted to vote at any Election, except he or they (irft produce a sufficient Right or Title to qualify him or them to vote at that Election, to the Satisfaction of the Freeholders formerly enrolled, or the Majority of them present, and ordains the Returning Officers to make their Returns of the Persons elected, by the Majority of the Freeholders enrolled, and those admitted by them, reserving always the Liberty of objecting against the Persons admitted to, or excluded from the Roll as formerly, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas the Rolls of Electors of Commissioners to serve in Parliament for the several Shires and Stewartries within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, have not in every one of the said Shires and Stewartries, been made up every Year, at the Michaelmas Head Courts, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Year one thousand six hundred and eighty one, intituled, An Act concerning the Election of Commissioners for Shires For Remedy thereof, and the more effectually to carry the good Intentions of the said Act into Execution; Be Act made in it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as stand upon the Roll last made Scotland 16s1, up by the Freeholders, whether at the Michachners Meeting, or at the last Election of a Member to serve hrengthened. in Parliament, shall be the original constituent Members at their next Michaelmas Meeting, or Meeting for Election, to revise the said Roll.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Freeholders for any Freeholder Handing upon the Roll, to object to the Title of any Person who Hands at present may object. upon the Roll last made up, and for that Purpose to apply at any Time before the first Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, by summary Complaint to the Court of Session, who shall grant a Warrant for summoning such Persons upon thirty Days Notice to atifwer, and hall proceed in a summary Way, to hear and determine upon such Complaint; and if no such Complaint shall be exhibited within the Time aforesaid, then and in that Case no Freeholder, who at present stands upon the Rolls last made up in the said Counties and Stewartries respectively, shall be struck off or left out of the Roll, except upon sufficient Objections arising from the Alteration of that Right or Title, in respect of which he was enrolled, sustained by the other Freeholders Handing upon the said 'Roll.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Michaelmas Meeting, or Meeting Manner of 3: % for Election, any Person claiming to be enrolled shall by Judgement of the Freeholders be refused to be ing, when a admitted, or if any Person who flood upon the Roll shall by like Judgement be struck off, or left out of Per" clan] the Roll; it shall and may be lawful for him or them who is so refused to be admitted, or whose Name is to e imo e'so struck off or left out of the Roll, to apply (so as such Application be made within four Calendar Months after their being so refused, struck off or left out) by summary Complaint to the Court of Session, who shall grant a Warrant for summoning the Person or Persons upon whose Objection or Objections he was refused to be.admitted, or was struck off or lefrout as aforesaid, upon thirty Days Notice to answer, and shall proceed to hear and determine in a summary Way on such Complaint; and if any if.in) freeholder. Person shall be enrolled, whose Title shall be thought liable to Objection, it shall and may be lawful, for objects, Appeal' any Freeholder Handing upon the said Roll (whether such Freeholder was present at the Meeting or not) may be nude to who apprehends that such Person had not a Right to be enrolled, to apply in like Manner by Complaint to* court of the Court of Session, so as such Application be made within four Calendar Months after such Inrolment; e lon*

q_q q 2 and

484 C 11.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

Penalty on Officers not obeying the Court of Session.

Penalty on Appellant, If the Court of Session affirm the Freeholders Order.

and the said Court, after Service of such Complaint, on thirty Days Notice, upon the Person said to be wrongfully admitted to the Roll, shall in Manner aforesaid hear and determine; and if no such Complaint shall be exhibited within the Time aforesaid, the Freeholder enrolled shall stand and continue upon the Roll until an Alteration of his Circumstances be allowed by the Freeholders at a subsequent Michaelmas Meeting, or Meeting for Election, as a sufficient Cause for striking or leaving him out of the Roll.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if in any of the aforesaid Cases the Judgement of the Court of Session shall alter or reverse the Determination of the Meeting of the Freeholders, by directing that any Person shall be added to, or expunged from, the Roll of Election, the Sheriff or steward's Clerk shall, upon presenting to him the Extract of such Judgement, forthwith make the Alteration thereby directed in the Books that are kept by him; anj in case of his Refusal or Delay, he shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person in whose Favour the Judgement of the Court of Session is given, to be recovered by him or his Executors in the Manner herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Judgement of the Freeholders refusing to admit, or striking off any Person from the said Roll shall be affirmed by the Court of Session, the Person so complaining shall forfeit to the Object or the Sum of thirty Pounds Sterling, with full Costs of Suit.

or on making objections to others already enrolled.

Manner of aft

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to prevent all Surprise at the jmichaelmas ing to prevent Meetings, every Freeholder who intends to claim to be enrolled at any subsequent Michaelmas Meeting of Surprise on Free the Freeholders, shall for the Space of two Calendar Months at least before the said Michaelmas Meeting, to be enrolled" 8 eave t^le Sheriff or steward's Clerk a Copy of his Claim, setting forth the Names of his Lands, and 0 mro e, 'pities thereto, and Dates thereof, with the old Extent or Valuation, upon which he desires to be in rolled, and in case of his Neglect to leave his Claim as aforesaid, he shall not be enrolled at such michael mas Meeting; and in like Manner, whoever intends to object to any Freeholder who Hands upon the Roll, on Account of the Alteration of his Circumstances, shall, at least two Calendar Months before the Michaelmas Meeting, leave his Objections in Writing with the Sheriff or steward's Clerk as aforesaid, who is hereby required, upon Receipt of the aforesaid Claim or Objections, to endorse on the Back thereof the da^v he received the same, and also to give a Copy of the aforesaid Claim or Objections to any Person who shall demand the same, upon paying the legal Fee of an ordinary Extract of the same Length.

VIII. And whereas great Difficulties have occurred in making up the Rolls of Electors of Commissioners for Shires, by Persons claiming to be enrolled, in respect of the old Extent of their Lands, C where the old Extent does not appear from proper Evidence, and Votes have been unduly multiplied by splitting and dividing the old Extent of Lands, since the sixteenth Day of September one thousand six hundred and eighty one; 'For Remedy thereof, be it enacted and and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person is or shall be entitled to vote for a Commissioner to serve in Parliament, for any Shire or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or to be enrolled in the Roll of Electors, in respect of the old Extent of his Lands, held of the King or Prince, unless such old Extent is proved' by a Retour of the Lands of a Date prior to the sixteenth Day of September one thousand six hundred and eighty one, and that no Division of the old Extent, made since the aforesaid sixteenth Day of September one thousand six hundred and eighty one, or to be made in Time coming, by Retour or any other Way, is or shall be sustained as sufficient Evidence of the old Extent.

IX. Provided always, That Lands held of the King or Prince, liable in public Burdens for four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, shall in all Cases be a sufficient Qualification, whatever be the old Extent of the said Lands; any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Purchaser or singular Successor shall be enrolled till he be publicly infeoft, and his Seisin registered, or Charter of Confirmation be ex pede where Confirmation is necessary, one Year before the Inrollment; and that no Heir Apparent shall be enrolled, until his Predecessors Titles are produced, and allowed by the Freeholders, as a sufficient Qualification for his voting for a Member of Parliament; and that any Person may be enrolled, though

fheifvniel'rs" ' a^ent at le Time of such Inrolment, provided the Titles and Vouchers of his Qualification are pro and"be inrolled' duced, and laid before the Freeholders; and if any Person shall be chosen a Member to serve in Parliament tho' absent. for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall not be present at Every one chosen te Meeting of Election; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Member to serve in parlia in his Absence, ment so elected, before he takes his Seat in Parliament, shall take the Oath appointed to be taken by every Freeholder, who shall Claim to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, by the Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Eiefiion of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Juficlary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, j to be defied, or to sit or vote as Members of the House of Commons, before the Lord Steward of his Majesty's Household, or any Person or Persons authorised by him for that Effect, which he or they are hereby im 7 Geo. 2. c. 16. powere(] anc required to administer; and if a Member to serve in Parliament, so elected, shall neglect or On refuting refuse to take the aforesaid Oath, such Election shall be void.

the Oath, the Election declared void

Division of the old Extent of Land, to multiply Electors, prohibited.

Proviso;

How a Purchaser hall aft before he is enrolled; also an Heir apparent.

so serve in Parliament, hall take the freeholder's Oath, before he takes his Seat.

A.D. 1743 Anno decimo sexto Georgii II.

C

1 r,

485

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the annual Meetings of the Free whearcro ie holders at Michaelmas, the original confiituent Members shall be such Persons only as shall Hand upon oiipina!consti the Roll, that shall have been last made up, whether at a Michaelmas Meeting, or at a Meeting for ailmember. Election jas a Member to serve in Parliament, and that a Copy signed and extracted of the Roll made up

by the Freeholders at their Michaelmas Meetings, or Meetings for Elections, together with the Minutes Minutes o( Proof their Proceedings at their said Meetings, shall, by the respective Clerks of such Meetings be forthwith ending tube delivered to the Sheriff or steward's Clerk gratis, and shall be inserted in Books to be kept by the said She emred m Buok* riff or steward's Clerk for that Purpose, who shall forthwith deliver Copies of the same, extracted and his'^stcvvvrd'v signed, to any Freeholder who shall desire the same, paying the legal Fee for an ordinary Ext raft of the cic'k. same Length, and shall at every subsequent Meeting at Michaelmas, or Meeting for any Election, pro mimiielwu duce the said Books, for the Use of the Ereeholders; and in Case such Sheriff' or steward's Clerk shall to be produced neglect or refuse to enter the aforesaid Rolls of Election, or Minutes of Proceedings, into Books so to be at public lc kept for that Purpose as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to give Copies thereof, extracted and signed, Mccm, s5 or shall omit to produce the Books at any subsequent Meeting as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence, e on Rc" forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by any Freeholder within such Shire or tula, Stewartry, who shall sue for the fime, in such Manner as is hereafter directed; if the aforesaid principal Books, containing the Rolls and Minutes as aforesaid, final] not be produced at the Michaelmas Meetings, or Meetings for Election, a Copy of the said Roll and Minutes, extracted and signed by the Sheriff or steward's Clerk, shall be sufficient; and if the Sheriff" or steward's Clerk final] give out false Penalty on giving Copies of the said Roll or Minutes, extracted and signed by him, he shall for every such Offence forfeit av opl.es the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person to whom the false Copy is given, to be recovered 1 L lnu'es' by him or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed, and shall be for ever after incapable of holding or enjoying his said Office.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at every Election of a Commissioner The Roll of to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Eieflors bft Roll of Electors which shall be last made up by Freeholders, whether at the Michaelmas Meeting, or at may u^the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, shall be the Roll to be called over by the Commis laon fioner last elected, or in his Absence by the Sheriff or steward's Clerk, in order to the Election of Presses n'xt'l0, ' and Clerk, as also by the Presses, after he is chosen, for the Choice of the Member to serve in Parliament, and for the Determination of all the Questions that shall arise in the aajufting the Roll, and

in the Course of the Election, excepting so far as the said Roll shall, after the Meeting is duly constituted by the Choice of Presses and Clerk, be altered by Judgement of the Majority of the Freeholders Handing on that Roll, by leaving out those whose Circumstances are altered, and by adding others, who produce proper Titles.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at every Meeting for an Election of Penalty for ta a Commissioner to serve in Parliament, if the Commissioner last elected, or in his Absence the Sheriff or king false Votes. steward's Clerk shall, in the Choice of Presses or Clerk, receive the Vote of any Person that does not

stand upon the said Roll, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds Sterling to every Candidate for the Office of Presses or Clerk respectively, for whom such Person shall not have given his Vote, to be recovered by him or them, his or their Executors respectively, in Manner herein after directed; if the Commissioner last elected, or in his Absence the Sheriff or steward's Clerk shall, Penalty on vein the Choice of Presses or Clerk, not call for, or shall refuse the Vote of any Person whose Name is upon Vaics.600"* the said Roll, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the like Sum of three hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person whose Name hall not be called for, or whose Vote shall be refused, to be recovered by him, or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed; if the Presses after he is chosen shall, in the Election of the Member to serve in Parliament, receive the Vote of any Person who. does not stand upon the Roll duly made by the said Meeting, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling to every Candidate for whom such Person shall not have given his Vote, to be recovered by him, or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed; if the Presses after he is chosen shall, in the Election of the Member to serve in Parliament, not call for, or shall refuse the Vote of any Person whole Name is upon the said Roll so made up as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the like Sum of tw© hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person whose Name shall not be called for, or whose Vote shall be refused, to be recovered by him, or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed:

And it is hereby declared, That in case of Equality of Votes in the Choice of Presses or Clerk, the Com On Equality of missioner last elected, and in his Absence any Freeholder present who last represented the Shire or Sewar Votes, in chu try in any former Parliament; and if no such Person is present, the Freeholder present who preffded last flm'i'hai at any Meeting for any ..Election, and in his Absence the Freeholder who last presided at any Michaelmas qaaftw gvtte. Meeting; and if none of the said Persons shall be present, the Freeholder present who stands first on the

Roll, shall, besides their own Votes as Freeholders, have the calling and determining Vote, and that the Presses chosen shall, after his Election, in the Choice of the Commissioner to serve in Parliament, and all other Questions, where the Votes are equal, in like Manner, besides his own Vote as a Freeholder, have the calling and determining Vote.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons chosen to be Presses and Clerk, by the Majority of the Freeholders present, standing on the said roll, shall be Presses and Clerk -

of the Meeting for such Election; it hall not be lawful for any Number of Freeholders to separate clerk tcing. from the Majority of the Persons present, who stand upon the said Roll, and setup any Personas Presses chosen by ihe S

_ Majority of

Freeholders, no fcpsrated Party shall choose another.

or

Penalty on separating frrm the Freeholders.

Penalty on acting as Clerk, without any Authority.

Minutes of Election of Clerk to be signed, and delivered to the Cieik chnfen. Penalty on refuting to signor on tigning talfe Minutes.

Clerk to make a true Return.

Penalty on refuting, or making a laife one.

The Return to be annexed to the Writ.

[Penalty.]

When the Michaelmas Head Courtshall be held.

To be intimated in parish Churches eight Days before.

ttfage of the Shire cr Sutherland,

qnivicafson o: caf.rifiart's and Eivdloj's.

CII. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

or Clerk, other than those who shall be chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders present, landing on the said Roll, and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to aist as Presses or Clerk at any such Election, unkfs they are chosen by the Majority of Persons Handing on the said Roll; and every Freeholder who shall so separate from the Majority of the Freeholders on the Roll, and setup any Personas Presses or Clerk, other than those who shall be chosen by the Majority as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, to the Candidate who shall be chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders from whom such Separation was made; to be recovered by him, or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed: And if any Person presume to alas Presses or Clerk, who is not chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders present landing on the said Roll, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling to the Candidate who shall be chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders as aforesaid, to be recovered by him, or his Executors, as herein after diredkd.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioner last elc£led, or in his Absence the Sheriff or steward's Clerk, shall sign the Minutes of the Election of Presses and Clerk, and deliver the same to the Clerk chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders as aforesaid; if the commissioner last elected, or in his Absence the Sheriff or steward's Clerk, shall neglect or refuse to sign the aforesaid Minutes of Election of Presses and Clerk, and deliver the same to the Clerk chosen, as aforesaid, or shall sign false Minutes thereof, he hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person elected Presses, as aforesaid, to be recovered by him, or his Executors, in the Manner hereafter directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders on the aforesaid Roll, shall return to the Sheriff or Steward such Personas shall be elected by the Majority of the Freeholders on the Roll made up at the Meeting for Election, in the Manner aforesaid; if the Clerk chosen as aforesaid, hall refuse or neglect to return the Person elected by the Majority of the Freeholders on the Roll, made up at the Meeting for Election, or shall return any Person other than him who shall be elected by the Majority of the Freeholders as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, instead of the Penalty or Forfeiture to which he is made liable by the aforesaid Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling to the Candidate chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders on the aforesaid Roll; to be, recovered by him, or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff or Steward of any Shire or Stewartry, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon producing to him a Copy of the aforesaid Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the last Michaelmas Meeting, or at the last ele£lioti of a Member to serve in Parliament, extracted and signed by the Sheriff of steward's Clerk, and upon producing and showing to him the Original Minutes of the Election of Presses and Clerk signed by the Commissioner last elected, or in his Absence, by the Sheriff or steward's Clerk, shall annex to the Writ the Return made by the Clerk chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders on the aforesaid Roll; and if any such Sheriff or Steward shall neglect or refuse to annex to the Writ such Return, or if he shall annex to the Writ the Return made by any other Person pretending to be Clerk to the Election; he shall for every such Offence, instead of the Penalty or Forfeiture to which he is made liable by the aforesaid Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, to the Person returned by the Clerk, and chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders on the aforesaid Roll, to be recovered by him or his Executors, in the Manner hereafter directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff or Steward of any Shire or Stewartry, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, sir all hold the Michaelmas Head Court in all Time to come, on the Day on which it shall appear to him to have been most usually held in Times past; to prevent all Uncertainty in Time coming, every Sheriff or Steward shall, 'at least fourteen Days before Michaelmas next, appoint a precise Day for holding his Michaelmas Head Court, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and shall cause intimate the Day of holding his Court at all the Parish Churches within his said Shire or Stewartry upon a Sunday, at least eight Days preceding the next Michaelmas Head Court: And it is hereby declared, That tyre Days so to be appointed by the said Sheriff" or Steward before Michaelmas next, shall be the Anniversary for holding the Michaelmas Head Court of the said Shire or Stewartry in all Time coming.

XIX. And whereas by the Christitution of the Shire of Sutherland, and by constant Usage, the ftnall Barons of the said Shire have been represented in Parliament, not only by the immediate Vassals of the King and Prince, but also by those who held their Lands of the Earls of Sutherland, or of other Subjeil Superiors, and such Vassals holding their Lands of Subject Superiors, have been in use to vote at the Election of the commissioners for the said Shire of Sutherland, as well as the Vassals of the King and Prince, and that without any Restriition as to the sbiota of tyre old Extent, or of the valued Rent of the Lands, in respect whereof a Right to vote at such elections, or to be elected Commissioner for the said Shire was claimed, and thereby votes have been unduly multiplied, and several Persons have claimed a Vote in respeifl of the Superiority and Property of the same Lands, whereby great Confusions are likely to ensue in future election for Remedy thereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, no Person shall be capable, to be cledled Commissioner for the said Shire, or shall have Right to vote at such Election, unless he be infeoft, and in Possession. of Lands liable to his Majesty's Supplies, and other public Burdens, at the Rate of two hundred Pounds Sects valued Rent.

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georg ri II C ij. 487

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Person, and no more, shall be entitled to vote at such Elections, or to be elected, in respect of the same Lands; and that where Lands cin.iiostcs ri are now held by any Baron or other Freeholder, immediately of the King or Prince, such Baron or ei tion, C hm Freeholder shall be capable to be elected, and shall be entitled to vote for those Lands; and no vaital or sub vassal of the said Baron or Freeholder shall have Right to vote or be defied in respect thereof; and thekw.jj "* that where Lands are now held or shall at any Time hereafter be held of the King or Prince, by a t>rin<t.'

Peer or other Person, or Body Politic Or Corporate, who by Law are disabled to be a Member of the" wa Cifri House of Commons, or to vote in such Elections; in such Case the Proprietor and Owner of such Lands, and not any of his Superiors, shall be entitled to vote or to be defied, in respect of the same Lands; and on, ' that no Alienation of the Superiority to be made by such Peer or other Person, or Body Politic, incapable to el eft or to be defied, shall deprive the Proprietor and Owner of the Lands of his Right to vote in the Elections for the said Shire, or his Capacity to be defied; nor entitle the Purchaser of the said Superiority to vote or to be elected; and that the Property of Lands of the Valuation aforesaid, held in llrt inds Mil Part immediately of the King or Prince, and in Part of a Peer or other Person, or Body Politic, incapable to 'f |ilr elect or to be elected, shall be a sufficient Qualification to the Proprietor and Owner of such Lands, and shall entitle such Proprietor to vote, and to be elected for the said Shire; any Law or Usage to the aeon tl.t Owner ioc trary notwithstanding - beciettcs.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Freeholders and Proprietors, having when k.cehoi right to elect or to be elected a commissioner for the Shire of Sutherland, shall meet at the Head Borough dm in s.uher of the said Shire, at the Michaelmas Head Court, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand fllju r' seven hundred and fortyfive, and shall make up a Roll of the Electors having Right to vote in the Choice an auu'a* J of a Commissioner, in the Terms of this present Act, and of the other Acts of Parliament made touching the Fiction of Commissioners for the Shires in Scotland; and which Roll so made up, shall be revised

yearly at the Michaelmas Meetings, at and after Elections, according to the Rules prescribed in this Act, and in other Acts made for regulating the Elections of Commissioners for Shires in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And it is hereby declared, That the said Acts of Parliament do extend to the Shire of Sutherland as well as to the other Shires in Scotland, except in so far as it is otherwise provided by this present Act.

XXII. And whereas at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Districts of Boroughs

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', it often happens that more Persons than one claim to be

admitted to vote as Commissioners for the same Borough, which fttrnifhes Pretences to the Clerks of the presiding Boroughs for partially making false and undue Returns For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the annual Election of Magistrates and Counsellors, and in all the At annual tke proceedings previous to the Election of the Magistrates and Counsellors for the succeeding Year, it shall tions themino not be lawful for the Minority of any Meeting for Election, either of Magistrates or Counsellors, or Dea pjjaw from the" cons, or other Persons who by the Constit utiort of the respective Boroughs may have Votes in the Elec Majority' tion of Magistrates or Counsellors, to separate from the Majority of those having Right to act by the Constitution of the Burgh at such Meetings, upon any Pretext whatsoever; to make any separate Election of Magistrates, Counsellors or Electors; but the Minority shall in al! Cases fubtnit to the Election made by the Majority in all the Parts of Election; and if any Person elected by the Minority of any such Penalty on O: -- Meeting, shall presume to vote in the Election of Magistrates or Counsellors, or in leeting the Magistrates fenders, or Counsellors, or in any other Step of the Election, he shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling to any one of the Majority of such Meeting, to be recovered by him irf the Manner hereafter directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person elected to be a Magi - No Person el strate or Counsellor by a Minority of those having Right to vote in Elections of the Magistrates and ted by the m. counfeliors, shall upon any Pretext whatsoever presume to act as Magistrate or Counsellor; and if any no.icy, (hellluce Person shall notwithstanding presume to act as Magistrate or Counsellor, he shall for every such Offence ° rae1['t(ja forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to the Magistrates or Counsellors elected by the Majo whevio°hnfcn.'s rit^r, or to any of them who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by him or them in the Manner herein after directed.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Wrongs done by for any Constituent Member at any Meeting for Election of Magistrates or Counsellors, or of any Mettle a*aior, tying previous to that for the Election of Magistrates and Counsellors respectively, who shall apprehend any ^thevourt ot Wrong to have been done by the Majority of such Meeting, to apply to the said Court of Session, by a Session. funirnary Complaint for rectifying such Abuse, or for making void the whole Election made by the said Majority, or for declaring and ascertaining the Election made by the Minority, so as such Complaint be

presented to the said Court of Session within the two Calendar Months after the annual Election of the Magistrates and Counsellors; the said Court shall thereupon grant a Warrant for summoning the Magistrates and Counsellors elected by the Majority, upon thirty Days Notice, and shall hear and determine the said Complaint summarily, without abiding the Course of any Roll, and shall allow to the Party who shall prevaibtheir full Costs of Suit.

XXV. And whereas the Magistrates and Counsellors of the Royal Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by virtue of several Laws now in Force, are bound to take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, subscribe the Afltirance, and to take and sign the Oath of Abjuration, for and on Account of their Election into their respective Offices; and that in his Majesty's Courts of Session, ju

fticiary or Exchequer at Edinburgh, or at the Quarter sessions of the respective Shires and Stewartrits,

i 4 4 within

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 17

Manner of the Magistrates and Counsellois taking the several Oaths,

The Clerk to

74 3-

within which the Royal Boroughs are situate; has been found by Experience to be attended with great Trouble and Expense to the said Magistrates and Counsellors For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Magistrates and Counsellors to take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, subscribe the Assurance, and take and sign the Oath of Abjuration, before the Council of their respective Boroughs; and which Oaths the Chief Magistrate, or any other Magistrate of the said Boroughs respectively, is hereby empowered and required to administer; and the Oaths so taken, shall be equal in all Respects as if they had been taken in the Courts, and before the Judges directed by the several Acts of Parliament above referred to,

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at every Election of Commissioners for sign thecammif choosing Burgesses lor any District of Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the common fion, and fix the Clerk of each Borough within the said District, shall make out a Commission to the Person chosen com roulhf 'iie B" nftflioner by the major Part of the Magistrates and Town Council assembled for that Purpose; Ma

6'gistrates and Town Council shall take the Oath of Allegiance, and sign the same with the Assurance, and shall take all the other Oaths appointed to be taken at such Election, by this or any former Act if required

j and the said Clerk shall affix the common Seal of the Borough thereto, and sign such commission, and shall not on any Pretence whatsoever make out a Commission for any Personas Commissioner, other than him who is chosen by the Majority as aforesaid; and if any common Clerk of any Borough shall neglect or refuse duly to make out and signa Commission to the Commissioner elected by the Majority as aforesaid, and affix the Seal of the Borough thereto; or if he shall make out and signa Commission to any other Person who is not chosen by the Majority, or affix the common Seal of the Borough thereto; he hall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling to the Person elected Commissioner for the said Borough as aforesaid, to be recovered by him or his Executors in the Manner

herein after directed, and shall also fufter Imprisonment for the Space of six Calendar Months, and be

for ever after disabled to hold or enjoy the said Office of common Clerk of the said Borough, as effectually as if he was naturally dead.

Penalty on any

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any other Person who is not the p*rf°n ans as cornrnon Clerk of the Borough, shall take upon himself to act as such in any Election of a Commissioner king out1 wrong fr choosing a Burgess for any District of Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and shall full Commissions. make out a Commission for any other Personas Commissioner, other than the Person who was chosen by the Majority as aforesaid, and shall signor affix the common Seal of the Borough thereto; he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, to the Person elected Commissioner for the said Borough as aforesaid, to be recovered by him or his Executors in the Manner herein after directed.

XXVIII. And whereas by an Act passed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fifth Day of February in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, entitled, Act settling the Manner of electing the fxteen Peers, and fortyfive Commoners, to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain; it is amongst other Things enacted, That where the Votes of the Commissioners for the said Boroughs met to choose Representatives from their several Districts to the Parliament of Great Britain, shall be equal; ' in that Case, the President of the Meeting shall have a calling or decisive Vote, and that by and attour his Vote as a Commissioner from the Borough from which he is sent, but no Provision is made in case of the Absence of the Commissioner from, the presiding Borough, or of his refusing to vote at such elec tion for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Commissioner from the presiding Borough shall be absent from the Meeting of Commissioners for choosing Burgesses to serve in Parliament, or shall refuse to vote at such Election, the Commissioner' from the Borough which was the presiding Borough at the last Election; and if he also be absent or shall refuse to vote as aforesaid, the Commissioner from the Borough which was the presiding Borough at the Election immediately preceding the last; and in case he shall be likewise absent or shall refuse to vote as aforesaid, the Commissioner from the Borough which was the last presiding Borough but two, shall have in the aforesaid respective Cases, besides his own Vote, the casting or decisive Vote.

XXIX. And be it further declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it is no Objection to any Commissioner for choosing a Burgess. that he is not a Residenter within the Borough bearing all portable Charges with his Neighbours, or that he is 110 trafficking Merchant therein, or that he is not in Possession of any Burgage Lands or Houses holding of the said Borough, and that such Qualifications need not be engrossed in his Commission; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Meetings of Commissioners for choosing Burgesses to serve in Parliament, the common Clerk of the presiding Borough shall allow the Votes of such Persons only who produce Commissions authenticated by the Subscription of the common Clerk, and the common Seal of the respective Boroughs within the District, and shall return to the Sheriff or Steward the Person elected by the major Part of the commission'/ts assembled, whole Commissions are authenticated as aforesaid; if he neglect or refuse to return such Persons so elected to the Sheriff or Steward, or if he shall return to the Sheriff or Steward any Person other than him who is so elected, he shall for every such Offence, instead of the Penalty or Forfeiture to which he is made liable by the aforesaid Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, to the Candidate elected by the Majority of the Commissioners assembled whole Commissions are authenticated as aforesaid; be recovered by him or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed, and he shall also suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Calendar Months, and be for ever after disabled to hold or enjoy his said Office of common Clerk of the said presiding Borough as if he was naturally dead.

Who shall act in Absence of the presiding com miflivners.

No Objection against nfon re fidents; C

What' Votes shall be allowed.

Penalty

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 11. 489

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every sheriff or Steward in that Part ofw, stand ^cturn Great Britain called Scotland, shall annex to the Writ the Return made by the aforesaid Clerk of the pre to bcarn5je Tiding Borough; and if any such Sheriff or Steward neglect or refuse to annex to the Writ such Return,

or if he shall annex to the Writ any Return made by any other Person, he shall for every such Offence, instead of the Penalty or Forfeiture to which he is made liable by the aforesaid Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling to the Candidate returned Penalty, by the aforesaid Clerk, of the presiding Borough, to be recovered by him or his Executors, in the Manner herein after directed.

XXXII. Provided always, That if any Person to whom no Commission is made out as aforesaid, shall Proviso, insist that he was duly elected the Commissioner from any Royal Borough, the Person so claiming shall be admitted to the Meeting of the Commissioners for choosing Burgesses to serve in Parliament, and may at the said Meeting make Offer of taking all the Oaths required by Law, and declare for whom he would have voted, had he been duly commissioned; Oaths the Clerk of the presiding Borough is hereby required and empowered to administer, and the said Clerk shall all'o let down in the Minutes of Proceedings, the Declaration of such Personas to the Candidate for whom he would have voted, had he been duly commissioned; the said Clerk shall upon no Pretence whatsoever receive or consider such Personas a legal Voter, or such Declaration as a legal Vote at such Election.

XXXIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Act of Parliament made in the feconj Year Act 1 Geo.

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid for the more effectual preventing Bribery and CD to F

ruption in the Ekthon of Members to serve in Parliament, extends to the Electors of Commissioners for j*'tnc. a.'lc« ' choosing Burgesses Be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Electors of Commissi E5KS. oners for any Royal Borough, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for choosing Burgesses to Parliament, are within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to b considered as Electors of the Member to serve in Parliament, and shall be so deemed and adjudged to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be liable to all the Provisions, Forfeitures and Incapacities, to which Persons voting or claiming to vote for any Member to serve in Parliament are made liable by the said act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at every Election of of for choosing Burgesses for the several Districts of Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and at the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, every Magistrate,

Town Counsellor, or Person having or claiming to have a Right to vote at such Election, instead of the Oath prescribed to be taken by the said Act, before he is admitted to vote at the same Election, shall take the following Oath, in case the same shall be demanded by any one of the Electors; which Oath any of the Magistrates, or in their Absence any of the Town Council, are hereby empowered and required to administer;

T ABDO solemnly swear. That I have not directly or indirectly, by Way of Loan or other Device Oath tot tatce» ' 4 whatsoever, received any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place, Employment, Gratuity or Re p'tlle Ma^'

ward, or any Bond, Bill or Note, or any Promise of any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Plate, Employ lotion mentor Gratuity whatsoever, either by myself or any other, to nay Use or Benefit or Advantage, or to gsfsj, "; C

the Use, Benefit or Advantage of the City or Borough of which I am Magistrate, Counsellor or Burgess, "

in order to give my Vote at this Election.'

So help me God.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Elections of Commissioners for choosing Burgesses, and before they proceed to Election, the common Clerk of each Borough shall take and subscribe the Oath following, which any of the Magistrates, or in their Absence any two of the Town Council are hereby empowered and required to administer:

B. do solemnly swear, That I have not directly or indirectly, by Way of Loan or other Device Onh tole taken whatsoever, received any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place, Employment, Gratuity or re by the comrao'j ' ward, or any Bond, Bill or Note, or any Promise of any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place,

ployment or Gratuity whatsoever, either by himself or any other, to my Use or Benefit, or Advantage, miffio°=rs; o '

to make out any Commission for a Commissioner for choosing a Burgess; and that I will duly make ouubitfebbrgitts,

a Commission to the Commissioner who shall be chosen by the Majority of the Town Council assembled,

1 and to no other Person.'

So help me God.

And that at all Meeting of the Commissioners for choosing Burgesses to serve in Parliament, and before they proceed to the Election, the Clerk of the presiding Borough shall take and subscribe the following Oath, which the Commissioner for the presiding Borough, or in his Absence any other of the Commissioners, is hereby required and empowered to administer.

A.B. do solemnly swear' that I have not directly or indirectly way of Loan, or other Device the _ whatsoever, received any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place, Employment, Gratuity, or P, ere

ward, or any Bond, Bill, or Note, or any Promise of any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place, Employment, or Gratuity whatsoever, either by myself, or any other to my Use or Benefit, or Advan' " tage, to make any Return at this Election of a Member to serve in Parliament; and that'i will return. to the Sheriff or Steward the Person elected by the major Part of the of assembled, whole Vol. VI Rrr 'com

C 11

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Penalty on the Clerk of the presiding borough's Neglect,

Oath of the Cleric at Election of Members.

Commissions are authenticated by the Subscription of the common Clerk, and common Seal of the respective Boroughs of this District.'

So help me God.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk of the presiding Borough shall neglect or refuse to take the Oath aforesaid, such Clerk so refilling or neglecting, shall be incapable to add as Clerk to the said Meeting; and it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required to choose another Clerk to the Meeting for the Election, and who shall have all the Powers and Authorities in the said Meeting, and in the returning the Member chosen by them, that by Law are competent to the Clerk of the presiding Borough.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Elections of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Clerk chosen by the Majority of such Persons as stand upon the said Roll last made up by the Freeholders, whether at the Michaelmas Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, shall immediately after his Election take and subscribe the following Oath, which the Presses of the Meeting is hereby required and empowered to administer.

A.B. so, solemnly swear, That I have not directly or indirectly, by way of Loan or other Device _ whatsoever, received any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place or Employment, Gratuity or Reward, or any Bond, Bill, or Note, or any Promise. of any Sum or Sums of Money, Office, Place, Employment, or Gratuity whatsoever, by myself, or any other, to my Use, or Benefit, or Advantage, to make any Return at the present Election of a Member to serve in Parliament; and that I will return to the Sheriff or Steward the Person elected by the Majority of the Freeholders upon the Roll made up at this Election, and who shall be present and vote at this Meeting.'

So help me God.

XXXVIII. And whereas by the said Act of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That every Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, Headborough, or other Person be ing the Returning Officer of any Member to serve in Parliament, shall immediately after reading the Writ or Precept for the Election of such Members, take and subscribe the Oath contained in the aforesaid adt be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. so much of the said Act as requires the said Oath to be taken by any Returning Officer within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be and is hereby repealed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall presume wilfully and falsely to swear and subscribe any of the Oaths required to be taken by this Act, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, he shall incur the Pains and Punishments of Perjury, and be prosecuted for the same according to the Laws and Forms in Use in Scotland.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any new Parliament shall at mans for calling any Time hereafter be summoned or called, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners a new Farha tjje Great gea] for^Time being, shall issue out the Writs for Election of Members to serve in parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with as much Expedition as the same may be done; and that as well upon the calling or summoning any new Parliament, as also in case of any Vacancy during this present or any future Parliament, the several Writs shall be delivered to the Sheriff or Steward to whom the Execution thereof does belong or appertain, and to no other Person whatsoever; that every such Sheriff or Steward, upon the Receipt of the Writ, shall upon the Back thereof endorse the Day he received the same, and shall forthwith upon Receipt of the Writ, at least within the Space of four Days after the Receipt thereof, make out a Precept to each Borough within his Jurisdiction, to elect a Commissioner for choosing a Burgess to serve in Parliament, and shall cause the same to be delivered to the chief Magistrate of such Borough refiant in the Borough for the Time being; and in case such Sheriff or Steward shall neglect to endorse on the Back of the Writ the Day he received the same, or shall neglect to make ouc his Precept, and to deliver the same to the chief Magistrate within the Time and in the Penalty on She Manner above directed, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, rt. delaying. to any Magistrate of the Borough to which the Precept is not timoufiy delivered, who shall sue for the t e ecepts. famci> to jjg recovered in Manner herein after directed.

When the Coun

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such chief magistrate to whom the cil shall be called Precept shall be delivered in Manner above directed, upon the Receipt thereof, shall upon the Back of ^chooseacwn^recept endorse the Day he received the same, and shall within two Days after his Receipt of the pre missioner for°m' cept ca ant' summon the Council of the Borough together, by giving Notice personally, or leaving Notice at the dwelling place of every Counsellor then refiant in that Borough, which Council shall then appoint a peremptory Day for the Election of a Commissioner for choosing a Burgess to serve in Parliament.

XLII. Provided always, That two free Days shall intervene betwixt the Meeting of the Council which appoints the Day of Election of the said Commissioner, and the Day on which the Election of the Corn

Repeal of Part of the Act 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. as to Scotland.

Penalties of Perjury

Writs of Sum

jnent, to be made out immediately.

electing a Burgess.

Two Days to

be allowed be^ *-

ra'oner 10 be made; and in case such chief Magistrate shall neglect to endorse the Day he received the Day cnuec the Precept on the Back thereof, or to summon the Council within the Time and in the Manner above tion. directed, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit rene Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to any Ma

Chief Magistrate gistrate or Counsellor of the said Borough who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in Manner herein tb lntiorfe be after directed.

Day he received

lllclwpt. XLII. And

A.D. 1743: Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 12. 49 t

xlill And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Penalty or Forfeiture by thisfkl5nntr 9"' Act imposed, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may be seed for and recovered by cov' 1 way of summary Complaint, before the Court of Session, upon thirty Days Notice to the Perfo i com n "K plained of, without abiding the Course of any Roll; which said Complaint the Court of Session is hereby authorised and required to determine; as also to declare the Disabilities and Incapacities, and to direct the Imprisonments as herein provided.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no of

Person shall be made liable to any Incapacity, Disability, Forfeiture or Penalty, by this Act imposed, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless Prosecution be commenced within one Year after such incapacity, Disability, Forfeiture, or Penalty shall be incurred.

CAP. XII.

An act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters by Retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his lie' 'ft ' yv late Majesty King George the First of Glorious Memory (entitled, An Act for granting anc. is.

Aid to his Majesty, by laying a Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for prohibiting their sending Beer or Ale out of their Houses to dislant Places, in any Pots or Vijfels less than a Gallon; and also for adding one hundred additional Hackney Chairs 'to those already Ucensed, and for 'applying certain Arrears of former land taxes, to wards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six;

and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of Parliament) it was amongst other Things enabled, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, a Sum not less than one Pound, nor more than six Pounds yearly, should be paid to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, by every Victualler and Retailer of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and that no Innkeeper,

Victualler, or other Person, within the Limits aforesaid, should presume or offer to sell any Beer or

Ale, without first compounding for and obtaining a Licence from the Commissioners of Excile for that Purpose yearly, in the Manner and at the Times in the said Act directed, under the Penalties therein mentioned, with diverse Provisions and Directions in the said Act contained, for the managing, collecting, paying, and applying the said Rates or composition money, and Penalties respectively: ' whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did advance and lend into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Use of the Public, the Principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds,

upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties to arise by such Licences, and on such Provision as is,

made in the said Act, for making good any Deficiency that should happen thereby, at an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the leavying and collecting the said Duty hath been attended with many Inconveniencies, and doth not.

answer the Ends proposed by the said Act, inso much that the Sum of four hundred eighty one thousand and four hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds in Exchequer Bills, made forth in pursuance of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign still remains unsatisfied; the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England have consented and agreed, that the said Sum of four hundred eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds in exchequer Bills now charged on the said Rates and Duties on Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, shall be trausferrable to, and charged upon, and made payable by and out of the Duties payable to his Majesty for Licences to tell Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters in pursuance of another Act passed this present Session of parliament now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to case your majesty's Subjects, by taking off the said Rates and Duties on Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Limits aforesaid, and at the same Time to secure the Creditors of the Public from any Injury and Damage they might suffer thereby, and having further resolved, in order to raise the Supplies necessary for the Service of the present Year, in the least burdensome Manner, to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, to be raised upon the Duties arising by the said Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Vaters in Manner, herein after mentioned; do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one Th? Pot AP. t thousand seven hundred and forty-three, the said Rates and Duties imposed by the said Act of the twelfth he determined Year of his said late majesty's Reign, upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the after June 24, Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given or granted by the same Act, for the levying, securing, collecting, compounding or recovering the

R r r z same,

and

J T S, jo 1. chjrged upon Licences on Spirituous Liquors.

ct Morning Exchequer Bills f? cr 3 3 Geo. a, C ij JS, axe ^23.

1 Geo. 3. C as <3 20.

Clause of Loan at ^31.. pr Cunt,

Tallies to be iltuck.

Ordco's rtglilred and paid in

Couefe*

?^s)r.lty for taking feus.

and fordndu$ >vr<iaen

CIX. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

same, and all Penalties snd Forfeitures relating thereto, hall also cease, determine, and not be put in Execution, _ save only, and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears, which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Rates and Duties on Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Limits aforesaid, or to any Penalties or Forfeitures in respect of the said Duties which shall have arisen or grown due and payable to his Majesty, or may have been incurred at any Time before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said principal Sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, remaining unsatisfied and imdischarged as aforesaid, shall, together with the Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, by this Act agreed to be raised as aforesaid, be charged upon, and payable out of, the said Duties granted to his Majesty on Licences for selling Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters; and that the said Sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills remaining unsatisfied as aforesaid, together with the Interest thereupon, and Charges of circulating the same, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, shall be transerred from the said Rates and Duties now charged with the same, and be charged upon, and payable out of, the Moneys arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, from time to time, for the said Duties on Licences for selling Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters as aforesaid, subject to the same Orders, Rules, Methods, Directions, Powers and Authorities, relating to or concerning the circulating, paying off, and cancelling the same Exchequer Bills, and the Payment of the Interest, Pramio, and Charges thereupon, and for making good any Deficiency that may happen on the Income of the Duties chargeable with the Payment thereof (except where any other Provision is in this Afit contained) and to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as' were prescribed, enacted or declared, in or by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's' Reign, imrelation to the said Exchequer Bills.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and towards raising the said Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, herein before given and granted to his Majesty towards the Supplies of this present Year, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or sr.ore of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to raise the said Sum of five hundred' and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned'; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, upon the Credit of the Duties upon Licences herein before mentioned, 'and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum; so as such Loans he allowed to be made by the Commissioners of the" Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to ift ue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be rated or afiefted to any Tax or assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this af as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal, in Manner herein after mentioned; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent, shall be re gillered in Course, according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall 'Hand registered in the said Register Books, out of the said' Duties On licences, next and immediately after the Sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds, in Exchequer Bills, charged thereupon in the first Place, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have his or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be. paid out of the Moneys to arise by the said Duties on Licences, in Manner afore, mentioned; and' he, she, or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the feconel Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the., Moneys to arise by the said Duties on Licences, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respefif ive Persons. Body, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference. of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible. to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes herein before mentioned; and that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, dire fitly or indirefifly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his, majesty, Subjects for providing or, making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or for, Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such See. or Reward;, then, to lose..his.place, also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall he;

madey

493

made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Coils of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or 30, 1,: L Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Pri 01 Sut' vicy of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Order of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, How the rc damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies orcove, cdt Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, hall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Ho undue reorders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to \

be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters oaiousht tie them all the same Day. Ilmc ujy.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty, in No undue i'rs

ppint of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the clerk.of the.pells record, and the Tellers do pay fub ferem: if fub ilquent Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other fluent Orders ivrfons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course; as there be so much '^vs'not commoney reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for demand them, Interest upon Loans being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank if money b: refer them, served for them.

VII. and. be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Transfers to be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore allo«'cd. said, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of assignment to bein

dorsed and written upon his Order, may.assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest and Benefit, of such Order, or any, Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an. entry.or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which, the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such af lignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who hath or have made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or, any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And to the End there maybe no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid. by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein asser mentioned, or by both or either of those

avays or Means, for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Treasury may the Commissioners of "his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High circulate exchet Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge of tlkin" it more udvifeable to raise the said Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, or any loar_j,

Past thereof, by Exchequer Bills instead of such Loans as aforesaid; then they respectively are hereby authorised and iropowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer any number of new Exchequer Bills for any. Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according, to the lame or like. Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the same Act.

IX. And be it further en ailed by the Authority aforesaid. that.all and every the Clauses, pro vifocs, Air Powers, (powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the ("aid lall men granted by the tinned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Ta rel!* clayfes as do charge the same on the Aids, Taxes or Assessments granted by the same Act) shall be ap timplied and extended to the exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effec ik, II bla^ucd'. tually to all Intents and Purposes as if, the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the to this.1

said last mentioned Act, or as if. the said several Clauses or Provifes had been particularly repeated or re, enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Comnyif. The Money may sioners of his Majesty's Treasury. any three or more of them now being, or the high Treasurer, or t, e ril|fe! lrc; V any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more for the Advantage of the publick (instead of raising the said.sum of five, hundred and eighteen thousand fix.bun "n"'

deed Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid) to take. in.subscriptions for the said Sum or any Part thereof, in Annuities transferable.at the Bank of England, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faief Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more, of them now being, or the sail High Treasurer or Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury for the time being, to permit, or suffer any Person

o? r

t

494 C 12.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

Other Clauses in the fore mentioned Ai ex

or Perform, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute and pay to the first o chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, ai or before the respective Days and Times to be limited and appointed by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Monej not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, so. the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the Feast Day of the Nativity of Saini John the Baptist, or from any other subsequent Feast Day to be limited and appointed in like Manner; which Annuities shall be a joint stock of Annuities, and be computed at the Rate of three Pounds foi every one hundred Pounds, and in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, and be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Duties on Licences herein before mentioned.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, and Provisoes, relating to the Contributions for such Annuities, and for making Allowances not only to the Contributors for prompt Payment, but also to the said Governor and Companj',

x'sceo vwia. or ^eir Hid Cashier or Cashiers, and Accomptant General for receiving, paying, and accounting for Such

J c!rinfrihntir»n mnnp\r. anh the annnitipq in rpfnprh thprnnf jiu lilrpwifp fnr tra nef^rri no thp fu'ia

contribution money, and the Annuities payable in respect thereof; as likewise for transferring the said Annuities without Fee or Reward, in Books to be kept for that Purpose; for exempting such Annuities from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever, and for redeeming such Annuities, or making good any Deficiency that may at any Time happen in the Fund appropriated for Payment of such Annuities; and all and every other the Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, disabilities. Matters and Things contained in one other Act of this present Session of Parliament, for raising one million eight hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, and a Lottery in Manner therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Annuities transferrable at the said Bank of England, authorised by the said Act, to be created or subscribed for on Credit thereof (except such Clauses as do charge such Annuities upon the Rates and Duties appropriated by the same Act for Payment thereof) shall be applied and extended to the Annuities to be subscribed for or purchased on this Act, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Annuities had been originally authorised by the before mentioned Act: 5 or as if the said several Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Matters and Things had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A yearly Account

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year during the con treasury Cof the t'nu?, Ilce t^le Hid Loans, Exchequer Bills, or Annuities, or any of them, the Commissioners of the Money for licea Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Fing Spirituous Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall or may on the Feast Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist in every Year, or within twenty Days after, cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken, and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Moneys which shall in the preceding Year, have been paid in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on account of such Licences for selling such Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, and how much thereof hath been applied, or will be necessary to be applied for or towards the Interest, Premium, or Rate on the said several Loans, Exchequer Bills, or Annuities, amounting in the whole to one million, or other necessary Charges, in, about, or for circulating or exchanging the said Exchequer Bills; and in case it shall appear that on any such Feast Day there shall be or remain in the said Exchequer, any Surplus arisen from the said Duties over and beyond what will satisfy such Interest, Premium, or Rate and Charges to that Time, such Surplusses shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be from time to time forthwith issued and applied, as far as the same will extend, for or towards the paying off in the first Place the principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, amounting to four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds, remaining unsatisfied as aforesaid, and cancelling and discharging the same in a numerical Course, until all the said Bills shall he discharged; and that from and after such Time as the said principal Sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds shall be paid off, or Money sufficient reserved in theexche quer for discharging the same, together with the Interest and other Charges thereupon; such Surplus as shall then after from time to time yearly arise by the said Duties, shall be stated, issued, and applied in such and the like Manner for discharging in the next Place the remaining five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds in such Loans, Exchequer Bills, or annuities_as aforesaid, together with

: Uft of the sur jluffes.

the Interest thereupon, and Charges of circulating the said Exchequer Bills, subject nevertheless to

such Redemption by Parliament as is or shall be enacted by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf.

Wonka issued

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear that on such out of the Sink Feast Day the Money arisen into the Exchequer, in the preceding Year, shall be so low or deficient that ung Food the same shall not be sufficient to discharge all Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges to that Time on the said Loans, Exchequer Bills, or Annuities; such Deficiency shall, from time to time, be made good out of the first Supply to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiency shall appear; and in case no suck Supply shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiency shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any Moneys which at any time or times shall be or remain in the said Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund. (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and fp zy be from time to time issued and applied, accordingly.

1

XIV. Pibvidtd

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 13. 49

XIV. Provided always, and be it miaifted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Moneys shall tn l>c replied be issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, out of thecirt shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the tuft Supplies to be then after granted in Par sup?lift liament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, at three Pounds per Centum per /lnnumr for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deftrous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the easiest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Subjetfts, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this act do give and grant unto your Majesty, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as herein after directed, and to that End do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be euaded, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Annuities which ftsoo.ooooi. by this Act shall be granted and made payable in respect of the said principal Sum of one million eight to h: I hundred thousand Pounds, until Redemption thereof by Parliament in manner herein after mentioned, ' 3JC y'

Avail be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys which shall from time to time arise, and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Rates and Duties on Low Wines, placed on the Spirits, and Strong Waters granted to his Majesty, by one other Act of this present Session of Parliament, Duties on Soiri -- and the said Rates and Duties aforesaid are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly, an I for or tuous L ?u0r3* towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Three percent. Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay unto the first or chief Cashier or Caftiiers of the Annuities to be Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, at or before the respective Days and Ntuisca

Times by this act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, in Part or Foreigners, oof the said whole Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any cer be paid into i'ha tain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the respective Days, on or before which the several Pay Bank, ments of the Contributors for the Purchase of the said Annuities are herein after directed and limited to be paid, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, he or they shall nominate his her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned; so as such Cashier or Cashiers do first give Security, to the good Liking of any three or cafliie s to giv: more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of Security, the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the public Use, the Moneys so to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Annum for Annuities to bs every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any greater or less Sum so to be advanced and paid; 31- perccnt. and the purchase money for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, at Gr before the respective Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof on or before the eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred When the Pur. and forty-three, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the fifteenth Day of July then next ensuing, chase money fer one other fourth Part thereof on or before the twenty seventh Day of October then next ensuing, and the Annuities is to remaining one fourth Part thereof on or before tyre twentieth Day of December then next following; all be pai which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of when the An payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Nativity ofnu tiesare tube Saint John the Baptist, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; the first Payment thereof to Pad be computed and paid at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum on each proportional Sum advanced and paid by such Contributors, for the Purchase of any Part of the said Annuities, from the re spe£hve Days on or before which such Payments are herein before limited and directed to be paid unto the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, or within six Days after the said Feast Day; nevertheless, the said Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition, herein after contained in that Behalf, and not otherwise; the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Com Cashiers to give pany for the Time being, is or are hereby authorised and required, upon the advancing and paying to Receipts for the him or them any such Sum or "Sums of Money as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in Writing signed Money paid by himself or themselves, for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof (which Receipts final] them he assignable by Endorsement thereon made at any time before the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and no longer) and from time to time to pay into the Receipt of his and to pay the majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he or they shall receive of or for the said Sum not exceeding Money into the one million, as fall as he or they hall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days after;

96 C 13.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

collier's All w wards at the farthest; and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him Or them in Majesty's .court of exchequer^ according to the due Course thereof; in which Account the said Calhic or Cashiers shall have just Allowance of all Moneys which he or they shall have allowed or paid for Prc miums or Rewards, pursuant to this Act.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor an Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Book in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuitie; after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands th said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums lb paid; to wliic Book or Books it shall he lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administraton Successors and Assigns, from Time to Time, at all seasonable Times, to have resort, and to inspect th same, without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall on or be fore the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, transmit an attested Du plicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receip of his Majesty's Exchequer there to remain for ever.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the whole Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, a or before the respective Days and Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors Administrators, successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of the Act to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Mo nies by this act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid; shall have good and fur Eflatts and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act afterwards contained, concerning the same; and that all the several and respective Annuities, payable] pufuance of this Act, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all and every the prin cipal Sums for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositioa whatsoever.

IV. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person C t Persons who shall become interested in, or entitled to any Annuity or Annuites, Part of the said Sum C

a; men. on m]]]jon to be subscribed for, in pursuance of this, shall upon completing the Payments of the who! purchase money, payable in respect thereof, be allowed and paid by Way of Rebate, a Premium or a1 lowance after the Rate of two Pounds per Centum, on the respective Sums they shall become interested in or entitled unto as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who shall on or before the fai

eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, have advanced to the said Cashier C

Cashiers, one fourth Part of his, her or their purchase money, and his, her or their Executors, Adntini strators, successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, one other fourth Par of his, her or their consideration money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid on or before the fifteenth Day of July then next ensuing; another fourth Part thereof on or before the twenty seventh Day of October then next ensuing; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following; then and in every such Case respectively, so muc! of tyre consideration money as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof only to the said Cashier Cashiers for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; and no Premiun at the Rate aforesaid shall be "payable for the said first Payment; anything in this Act contained to th contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the Whole

nmties, the mil the said Sum of one million for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tha byxxchequer? n ca^"e Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or th

Bills, at the Di High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, ffial

feretion of the judge it more advisable to raise the Sum of one million or any Part thereof by Exchequer Bills, instead 0 Commissioners such Annuities as aforesaid, then and in such Case, he or they are respectively hereby authorised and iin of the Treasury. powered at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred am

forty-three, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared or made at the Exchequer, any Number of Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions as in and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred an, forty-three, are enacted or prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of th same Act.

Part <rf the lad

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes Act relating to Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last menti a/pye^to'thils' onec* '^ct relating to the Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clause: as do charge the same on the Aids, Taxes or Assessments granted by the same Act) shall be applied ant extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intent and Purposes, as if the same Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentionec Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and reenacted in the Bod. this present Act.

ante on atcoun ti at L lie LIX chtqjuer.

Bock? to lie kept 2i the Bank,

to be kept for public Pviufal*

A Copy of the Books to be transmitted into the Exchequer.

Contributors to have Annuities subject to re derrq tion.

Annuities fie Taxes.

Two percent.

allowed for

If only one of the four Payments be made, it shall be forfeited.

In A cad of An

2

VIII. Am

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo icxto Georgii II.

497

VIII. And be it enacted by rite Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Rills which Iltall he made

in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid, and born by and out of the Rates and Duties on Low Wines, Spirits and Strong Waters afore mentioned; which said Rates and Duties are hereby appropriated accordingly, for and towards paying off and discharging such Exchequer Rills, Interests, Premium, Rate or Charges thereupon, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in like Manner as is herein dire died, concerning the Annuities authorised to be purchased upon Credit thereof, in case the said whole Sum of one million had been advanced and contributed for the Purchase of such Annuities.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the of of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall find it necessary for the public Service, to allow further Time for any of the Days of Payment by this at before limited and appointed for the Contributois to pay in their contribution money to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, for the purchase of the Annuities amounting to the principal Sum of one million as aforesaid; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for Time being, by Notice to be published in the London Gazette fourteen Days before any of the respective Times of Payment by this Act limited in that Behalf as aforesaid, to alter such Day or Days of Payment accordingly, and to appoint such further Days or Times for the said Contributors, to pay in their purchase money for the said Annuities, as to them shall seem moult proper and sitting; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas it is intended that a further Sum not exceeding eight hundred thousand Pounds, shall be raised by way of a Lottery for the Purchase of Annuities after the same Rate of three Pound;, per Cen ' turn per Annum., in Manner hereafter mentioned, and be charged upon the same Rates and Duties on Low Wines, Spirits and Strong Waters; which said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, together with the Sum of one million, before by this Act directed to be charged thereupon, will complete the said Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, intended by this Act to be raised upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Fcaff Day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 011c thousand seven hundred and forty-four, the Annuities which shall become due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, shall be charged upon, and payable out of the Moneys which shall arise and be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said Rates and Duties on Low Wines, Spirits and Strong Waters, and the same are hereby declared and enabled to be a Fund and Security, not only for answering and paying the Annuities to grow due in respect of the said Principal Sum of one million by this Act before directed to be advanced and lent upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, but also all and every the Annuities which shall become due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in Manner hereafter in this Act expressed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuites at the Rate of three Pounds pen Centum per Annum, in respect of the said Principal Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, shall from Time to Time be paid half yearly, at the Feaff of the Birth of our Lord Chirft, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be due and payable at the Feaff of the Birth of our Lord Chirff one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

On what Fund Exchequer Kill 10 be charged.

Commissionen may enlarge the Time of pacing the purchase money.

800,000 L Lottery Annuities Charged on the Duties said on Spirituous Liquors.

Lottery Annuities, to be paid half ycaijy.

"Tickets to be 10l. each. Commissioners of the Treasury to appoint Managers. Manner, of the Lot "Books. Commissioners of the Treasury to appoint Receivers. Receivers to cut the Tickets out, "and deliver them to the Contributors. Tickets undisposed of, to be delivered into the Exchequer. "Other Books to be prepared in two Columns. The fortunate Tickets to be written upon, viz. upon "two 10,000l. four 5000l. two 3000l. five zooool. fifteen 1000l. twenty-five 500l. two hundred and forty "100l. four hundred sixty nine 50l. eight thousand six hundred" and nineteen 20l. Which Sums "together with 500l. to the firs drawn Ticket, and 1000l. to the last drawn Ticket, 'will amount to "S, 73°/. which being added to 494, 270l. on the remaining seventy thousand six hundred and ten Blank

"Tickets, at 7l. each, do amount together to Sco, oooo/. Management of the Tickets to be done pub "

"Manner of drawing the Lottery. Tickets to be filed as they are drawn, together with the "Blank or Prize drawn against it. A List of the Prizes to be printed. Penalty on counterfeiting Tic "

"or Certificates. Purchaser not paying his whole contribution money by the Time fixed, shall "

"what he has paid. Tickets undisposed ofshall be delivered back into the Exchequer. Guardians "of Infants may place their Money in the Lottery. Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates after the "Lottery is drawn.

EXP.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the Com «jimejy Notice missioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, hall appoint to take in the said to be advertised, 'Rickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely Notice by Adver when Tickets tisement, to be printed and published in Manner as they hall think fit, of the Days and Times for taking will be ten in the said Tickets, and delivering out the said Certificates for and in lieu of the same; and every Per nj! Certificatis son's Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to their bringing their Tickets to the said Officer de iveie or Officers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which Purpose such Officer or Officers shall Vol. VI S I f enter

4.98 C 13.

J

Names of Persons exchanging Tickets.

Value of the Prizes, and the Annuities attending the same, C to be tntred in a Book

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

Annuities made transferable.

Annuities to be paid at the Bank,

Money to be paid into the Bank by the Exchequer.

Cashiers to account back into the Exchequer.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate,

Annuities a mounting to i, 3oo, ooool. to be deemed ore Capital Stock 5

which is made transieuable.

enter or cause to be entered into a Book or Books, to be by him or them kept for that Purpose, the Name of every Person who brings any 'Picket or Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or 'Pickets which shall be so brought by such Person or Persons, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, the Annuity attending the same, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when the same was so brought; which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all persons concerned to peruse; all which Certificatesshall be signed by the Officer or Officers so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, ball upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein in the same Book or Books, with the Contributors for the Purchase of the Annuities, not exceeding one million herein before directed to be inserted in a Book or Books, or in any other Book or Books to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer he same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; the principal Sums so assigned or transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid; the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates as they shall from Time to Time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same, a Note under his Hand, testifying the principal Money for which they have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XXVIII. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from Time to Time, until the said several and respective Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one sufficient Person within their Office in the City of London to be their chief or first Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accomptant General, and that so much of the Moneys from Time to Time arising in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Rates and Duties on Low Wines, Spirits and Strong Waters, by this Act appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said several and respective Annuities and other Payments by this Act directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said first: or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account, for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Formas are by this Act preferred in that Behalf; and that ail and every such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be iivued, shall from Time to Time without Delay apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall From Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons. lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal Estate, and the same shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise, by any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid upon this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same at the Rate aforesaid; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, hall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there

1 shall

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 13. 499

shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the Th Accomp

Time being, within the City of London a Book or Books wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the |fnt ^.cn'ri, to

said whole Capital or Joint Stock or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same t'oki.ran>ler'

at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words

for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or if such

Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two of more credible Witnesses, and that the

Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance

thereof, and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending

the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XXXI. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or Annuitleimay Annuities attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing

attested by two or more credible Witnesses; but that such Devifce shall receive no Payment thereupon, (red in the Ofl till so much of the said Will as relates to the said Stock or Annuity be entered in the said Office; and in fhc.

Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Ex Transfers to be ecutors or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers made without or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Stamps.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Gover bank of eng nor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all lad 10 continue or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Act for establishing the same or any of them,) shall continuel(

a Corporation, with all the Powers Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in tics areredeemsd. this act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the provil'o herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever No Fees to be shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution taken, moneys or any of them, or for any Tallies or other Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said several Annuities or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded Penalty on u or taken for any Transfer of any Sum great or fniall, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that km Sees any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity, contrary to this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissi cwm^10" "rs oners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or °0

more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby Salaries for the authorised to settle and appoint such Allowances (out of the Contributions to the Lottery herein before several Officers, mentioned) as they shall think just and reasonable for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Receiver or Receivers of the Contributions to the said Lottery, for receiving and accompting for the same; as also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the Contributions to the Annuities granted by this Act; and also such further Allowances out of the Rates and Duties on Low Wines, Spirits and Strong waters, appropriated by this Act, as they shall think just and reasonable for receiving, paying and accompting for the several and respective Annuities payable in respect thereof; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Produce of the said Rates and Duties on Low Wines, Spirits and Strong Waters, shall happen to be so low or deficient as that the Moneys arising thereby into the Exchequer shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other charges by this Act directed to be paid thereout, at the End of either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be Manner of gaj

supplied out of the Overplus Moneys that shall or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer, in ing Deficiencies.

any of the subsequent half Years, as the said respective Annuities shall from Time to Time become due

and payable; and in case such Overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby

intended from Time to Time to be paid thereout, that then and in every such Case, the Deficiencies 1b

f.om Time to Time happening, shall from Time to Time be answered and, made goodbye, and out of the

first Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case

no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the

Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses

by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be from Time to Time issued and applied accordingly.

Sffz XXXVI Pro

500 C 14,

i

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

disposed of by Parliament.

Provifa of Redemption,

Sinking Fund to

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall b repaid by the |, e fq in ued out Of the said Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first next Supplies. Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates or Duties, after the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Surpluses to be purpose; Inch Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time he reserved for the Disposition of parlia a.rnnfna nf ment, and shall not be blued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other actor Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

xxxxvlii. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said respective Annuities, or either of them, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal Sums for which the said respective Annuities, or either of them, shall be payable to such respective persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Ar / rearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall cease and determine,

and be understood to be redeemed, and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said Rates or Duties shall not be issued or applied to any other Use or Purpose, but as shall be Notice of Re directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of parlia dsmftien. nient to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons signi fitd by the Speaker in Wriring, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, ihallte deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XXXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Actor of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may General issue. plead the General issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Treble Costs. nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

"No dividing or letting out 'pickets but for the whole Time. office keepers publishing Schemes for "gaming with Tickets not in their Possession, to forfeit 500l.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

Conxidb not transporting themselves, or returning before their Time, to suffer Death.

Manner of trying convi£h returned from Transportation.

Geo. 1. c. 23.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the more easy and effectual conviction of Offenders found at large within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation.

WHEREAS many Felons and other Offenders already ordered; or hereafter to be ordered for Transportation, or who have upon certain Conditions agreed to transport themselves; either for Life, or for some Term or Number of Years, according to Law, have already or hereafter may come on Shore, or return into Great Britain, before they have been actually transported or transported them ftlves to America, or have already, or may hereafter break Gaol or escape before such Transportation: whereas many of the Offenders aforesaid have escaped by Reason of the great Expense rhat is necessary for prosecuting such Offenders to Conviction For Remedy whereof may it please it your moult Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted. And be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Felon or other Offender already ordered, or hereafter to be ordered for Transportation, or who hath already or hereafter shall agree to transport him or herself on certain Conditions, to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, either for Life, or any Number of Years, shall be afterwards at large within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which he or she were so ordered to be transported, or had so agreed to transport him or herself; all and every such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Offender or Offenders shall be tried for any of the Offences aforesaid, before such Judges, and in such Manner, and the same Evidence made use of, for his or her Conviction, as is directed in and by the Statute made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery and Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felony in Cases of Felons returning from Transportation.

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 16 — 21. 501

III. And for the Encouragement of such as shall prosecute to Conviction any of the Offenders afore rt' ar said; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever shall discover, apprehend, and pro of 0|* fccute to Conviction of Felony without Bencfft of Clergy, any such Offender or Offenders so found at fcndcr5, large within the Kingdom of Great Britain, Hull be. in titled to a Reward of the Sum of twenty Pounds, for every such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, and shall have the like Certificate and like Payments made without Fee or Reward, as any Person or Persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending, prosecuting, and convicting of Highwaymen, by any Law or Laws for that Purpose.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, Bn Act for the more effectual repairing the Roaeis leading from Wade'; Mill in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston in the said County.

PR.

The Act 6 Geo. 2. c. 2.4. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to act in certain Cases relating to Parishes and Places, to the Rates and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether, according to the Laws and Statutes now in Force, his Inter paroch.

majesty's Justices of the Peace may lawfully aft in any Case relating to the Parishes or Places to Great clurtc^t

the Rates and Taxes of which such Justices respectively are rated or chargeable: 'May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with, Gf P C

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every jufliecs maycn

Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, City, Liberty, Franchise, Borough, or Town for the Laws

Corporate within their respective Jurisdictions, to make, do and execute all and every Act or Acts, Matter or Matters, Thing or Things appertaining to their Office as Justice or Justices of the Peace, so far [lo, tj1*'vs'3rec'

as the same relates to the Laws for the Relief, Maintenance and Settlement of poor Persons; for passing chargeable chem

and punishing Vagrants; for Repair of the Highways; or to any other Laws concerning Parochial Iclves,

Taxes, Levies, or Rates; notwithstanding any such Justice or Justices of the peace is or are rated to or chargeable with the Taxes, Levies, or Rates' within any such Parish, Township or Place aftested by any such Act or Acts of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted" by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act or Acts, Matter or Matters, No al of Juf

Thing or Things, which hath or have been before the making this Act done, made or executed by hose any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall hereafter be quailed or declared void, because the same devoid, i, C hath or have been so made, done or executed by any such Justice or Justices so rated or chargeable as Cause ihemfclvss aforesaid; Law, Usage or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. are rated.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Prov; f0

thing therein contained, shall not authorise or empower any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Concerning Juf county or Riding at large, to act in the Determination of any Appeal to the Quarter sessions for any tius of Pence such County or Riding, from any Order, Matter or Thing relating to any such Parish, Township or see farther Place, where such Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are so charged, taxed, or chargeable as aforesaid; f '* cf anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Xirtt.

2, C 14 & 27. 27 Geo 2« C 16 & 20. 1 Ga, 3. C 13.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of harlow bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woedford in the County of Essex.

PR.

The Act 10 Geo. r. C 9. continued for zt Years.

CAP. XX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to Hillmirton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the Town of Northampton.

PR.

The Act 12 Geo. 2. c. 18. amended.

CAP. XXL

An Act for continuing and making 'more eft eftual an Act passed in the ninth h ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Pop

of birdlip hill, being the Road to London; and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of crickley hill, being the Read to Oxford. PR

/ The Acl 9 Geo. X C ji. continued for 21 Years;

CAP. XXII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to i Place called the Monument upon Lansdown in the same County.'P R.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton in the County of Bedford, to westwood gate in the said County, and for repairing the Roads from Luton to Saint alban'j in the County of Hertford.

PR.

The Act 13 Geo. i. C 17. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three.

EXP.

[Preamble,

ry to issue the sink and

ooool.

O'her Money appropriated to the Service of the piefem Year

Chute of t.oan a! 3 1. pej Cent.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, and sot applying a further Sum therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three j and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous not only to raise such Supplies as are necessary to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War with Vigour, but also to life such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be i(tried and applied, a Sum not exceeding one million, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

1 II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of twelve thousand four hundred ninety-two Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence three Farthings, now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, hut not applied for the Sendee of that Year, shall and may be issued and applied as Part of his Majesty's Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; any Law, sta tute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner hereafter mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the said surplusscs, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury,

5°3

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. c. 25.

fury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this af shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon t. llirs of Lna the Credit of this act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immedi 10 b. c. ately have a Tally of Loan truck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds pr centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according ns their Orders shall Winner of Rand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners., his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders snit entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys; and he, she and they, Who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and

so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses, and

Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund as aforesaid, hall be rn the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and No unleprefe not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever cnee.

(other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid;,) thafno See, Reward, or Gratuity direddly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken N to be

of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, ukcn>

Views, or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest; thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the on Pain °stre party grieved by the Party offending, with.full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or Demand bledamages, and any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another p' for un_

shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Acd, by any prese°enc£

such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Office or Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Acdion, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not diredd the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Addion, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures,

Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Proteddion, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall so happen that several Tallies of Loan Provides rela

or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt p" 6/0 llndus to be registered it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he Pie: ren<es' enters them all the same Day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor diredd, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them;

Interest: upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall he Method of due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Adh, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore ttansferiioj. said, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be iu

dorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title,

Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Ordeis (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, ard so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the farpe, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

504. C 25.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii 1 II

A.D. 1743.

VIII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the public Service; Be it The Money may further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the of of his Majesty's treal ury, or

he raised by Exchequer uji1«

he raised by Ex any t|ircc or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the of

All Advantages and Penalties contained in the former al, relating I o Loans or Exchequer Bills, extended to this Act.

The Exchequer

of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Aiffc of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said actt.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, 'contained in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Aids, Taxes, or assessments granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance" of this aist, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall he made in

out of the Sink pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or attending the same.

ing Fund.

shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and born by or out of the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys commonly called The sink in.

Application of the Supplies. Land Tax.

Malt Tax.

Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as sass as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off', cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rased in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and so much Money (If any such be) of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, otto be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges t! ereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also the Sum of five hundred eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds coming into the Exchequer, by Loans, Exchequer Bills, or Annuities, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon victua/lers and ti quois ?lrltu0u3 Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities London and Westminster, and the jyeekly Bills of Mortality,

'and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon to the Duties for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors

and Strong H aters by Retale; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences; and charged upon the Duties to arise by Licences for. selling Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters; anil also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and by Contributions by Way of a Lottery, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raifnig by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and the Sum of twelve thousand four hundred and ninety-two Pounds two Shillings and five Pence three Farthings, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, but not applied for the Service of that Year and also the Sum of one million by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after e^prelled; that is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued 2, 168, 5551. and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two million two hundred sixty eight thousand five 13.. 5d. fur Na hundred and fifty-eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein val Services. _, after

Licences for re

Lottery Annuities.

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II.

C 25. 505

after more particularly expressed; that is to say. For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup 133, 871l. 8*. plies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not i'd for trogu exceeding one hundred thirty-three thousand eight hundred seventy one Pounds eight Shillings and ran p0't, ' clevenpence, for Freight of Transports, between the first Day of 'january one thousand fevt 11 hundred and forty-one, and the thirty full Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two;

and the Sum of thirty-five thousand and seventy five Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny, for the Expense of Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the first Day of January one thou 33»°751? land seven hundred and forty-one, and the thirty first Day of December one thousand i'even hundred and forty-two. _ _ Forces', 3"

XIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there 1000o0l. to shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, Greenwich hof upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of pital.

the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out ofall or any theaids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall 244, 6361. to and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred forty tour thou ^nance* cf land fix' hundred and eighty six Pounds and seven Pence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Of r nance' fice of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, performed

and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any theaids or Supplies provided as 2, 209, 8001.17s.

aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two |^rnpuardds' million two hundred and nine thousand and eight hundred Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence, an

for defraying the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Marines, and the contingent Charges thereof in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Canfs, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and Expense of the for or towards defraying the Charge of his Majesty's Army abroad in the Lotv Countries, Germany, or else Army in the Vvhere; and for other Services relating thereto, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the twen Low Countries, ty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money 1 C not exceeding forty-one thousand four hundred and thirty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight gid'4^)f 'nns' Pence Halfpenny, for defraying several extraordinary Expenses and Services incurred in the Year one for extraordinary thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Expenses. Money not exceeding two hundred sixty five thousand one hundred ninety one Pounds six Shillings and z6s, III 6 s, twopence Farthing, for defraying the Charge of five thousand five hundred and thirteen Horse and ten 2d. iq.for thousand seven hundred and fifty-five Foot, of the Troops of Hanover, together with the General Offi Hanoverian cers and Train of Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the thirty first of August to the twenty troops fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, both inclusive; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty six thousand one hundred thirty seven Pounds and ten Pence, upon Ac 26, 1371. rod. count of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one for hilf pay thousand seven hundred and forty-three, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the officers. said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred and eighteen Pounds, for paying of Pensions to Widows of such 3, 9181. for pen reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the establishment of half-pay offiars Widows in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand 1 uv, s'

seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; which said Sum of three thousand nine hundred and eighteen Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall; by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him.or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, ftiail be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XVI. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all oj any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid', 500,000l. to there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thou support the sand Pounds, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to concert proper Measures, and form such °rc&°cf Au" Alliances, Or enter into such Engagements with other Powers as his Majesty shall judge necessary for the '

Support of the House of Austria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any theaids or Supplies provided as afore 3, 8191.2d. to said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thou make good the sand eight hundred nineteen Pounds and twopence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid de.fitle"|p' ofad* out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas one thousand 0' "* tamp seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-two thousand Pounds, 42,000l. for Into replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, for one year's Interest due on or be tcreft of Money fore the fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and forty-two on the principal Sum of one borrowed on the million two hundred thousand Pounds, lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties towards the Supply of the Salt Duties.

13.7S6l._10s. Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and the Sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred and iid. Halfpenny, eighty six Pounds ten Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund, the like s«ee'.hcairfclow Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings per Barrel, or Wines Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruits or Sugar at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundrec

10f> and forty-two; and the Sum of four thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds ten Shillings and one

i d. defi.itncy Penny, to replace to the said Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficit the Pot ah ciency of the Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London anc v/ejhninster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-two: io.ocoi. to and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, to be applied towards the mainte msiirain nance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the irg the African Coasts of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster; and there shall and may be if

4.0001, far re fuetj to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any Sum or Sums of Money f3, oi, St'rh£' not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, by them to be applied for further settling and improving the faic

ter s ^nuren, —

Westminster. Colony.

12.000l. for establishing the Colony of Georgia.

25,000 1. towards building weflrr.inster Bridge.

5^, 8691. 15 s.

7 d. three Farthings towards the Deficiency of thsgeneralfund

ilules for the Application of half-pay.

See ij Geo. 2.

*' 33-

l5ceo. C 19.

XVIII. And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, thert shall and may be issued and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, or any seven or more of them, 01 to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, oi any seven or more of them to receive the same, the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, without Account, other than as is directed for the other Moneys raised by virtue of the several former Acts of Parliament passed during the Reign of his present Majesty for building the said Bridge, to be applied towards enabling the said Commissioners to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid. there shall and may he Blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-eight thousand eight hundred sixty nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-two.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be Blued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, 01 any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXI. And as to the said Sum of twenty six thousand one hundred thirty seven Pounds and ten Pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive. any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the reduced Officers of the five Regiments of Dragroons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's

The Overplus of la ll vear's Halfway, to, be applied to trhe corn paltionate lift.

Sejfcn of Parliament; several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, ' were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty seven thousand nine hundred sixty eight Pounds two Shillings and six Pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, C subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Sum of twenty seven thousand nine hundred sixty eight Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules by the said Act prescribed, to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers as are maimed or lost their Limbs ini the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant 1 -

or Warrants, under his Majesty's Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of tuuish made Gunpowder; to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America -, to the additional Number of one hundred Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney coaches and Chairs; for punishing the Venders of unstamped News Papers; for allowing the Importation of Hemp or Flax manufactured in Ireland, though not sworn to be of the Growth of Ireland, and for the Relief of Bryan Blundell, in respect to the Duty on some White Salt lost in a Storm at Sea.

and be it

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder, which was to continue in force for live Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty was further continued for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

2. C 52, and again by

Geo. 2. c. 29. for allowing a j'ounty on ex perration of Gunpowder. iogco. 2. C 27. continued to 24 June 1750, (if.

Farther continued by 24 Geo. 3. G. 2. C 36.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Sir sir, intituled An act giving further Encou ? Geo. i. C iz. ragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Im i01 encouras ns portation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enu Kaval stotcs0 merated, from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, in the Manner therein'C'mentioned, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, which was to be in Force for twenty-one Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou continued to sand seven hundred and twenty-two, shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof Junc H >75°> until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End C, the then next Session of Parliament. ' CT

nuea by 24 Geo.

2. C 57.* and by 31 Geo. 2. f. 35 to 29 Sep, 1764,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for granting an Aid to xzceo. ic. 12. his Majesty, by laying a Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and §1 S r n Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality; and for prohibiting their sending Beer or Ale out of their Houses chairs' to distant Places, in any Pots or vessels less than a Gallon, and also for adding one hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those already licensed, and for applying certain Arrears of former land taxes, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, as relates to the additional Number of one hundred Hackney Chairs therein mentioned, which was to continue in Force for eighteen Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, shall be and is hereby further continued continued to z from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty, Jfne and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. z.

z;

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for liccn q Annx> C 2-, fng and regulating Hackney Coaches anil Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parch'J went and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Postoffice, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty fx thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her majesty's Occasions, and in an Act made in the tenth Year 10 Anns, C 19, of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper h 1 fumade in Great Britain, or imported into the same -, and upon chequered and friped Linens imported, and upon certain Silks, Gallicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or Jiained; and upon several Kinds of Stamped tel lum, Parchment and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Supply; and for licensivg an additional Number of Hackney Chairs, and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, and for, t11 2 better

; o8 C 26

Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

12 Ann, ft. C 14.

1 Geo. relating to the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches,

continued till 14 June 1760,

bt iter [curing her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for Stamp Duties, by Licences for Marriages and otheruife; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Pickets in due Dime, or have lojl Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets, and for borrowing Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Public; and in one other act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, entitled, ' c. 57. An Act for explaining the Aits for licensing Hackney Chairs, and also in an act made in the first Year of the to ( e Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Hackney Coaches, Carts, Drays, Carrs and Wagons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, 'and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; ard for preventing Mi [chiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, Drays, Carrs and Wagons, relating to the jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of Justices of the Peace, and to the Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, Orders and Directions therein mentioned; which said several Clauses were to have Continuance from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, for the respective Terms therein mentioned, shall be and Fortier continued are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou £y33g«.2. c. 25. sand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas great Numbers of News Papers, Pamphlets, and other Papers, subject and liable to the Stamp Duties, and which are not duly stamped according to Law, are daily sold, hawked, carried about, uttered, and exposed to Sale by diverse obscure Persons, who have no known or settled Habita tion, to the great Loss of the fair Trader, and the Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue; and as several Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, relating to the Execution of the Laws formerly made, and now in Being, for preventing of such Practises, and punishing the Offenders: 'Wherefore for remedying and An Person may prevent ns Abuses and Offences for the future, and rendering the Laws more effectual in that Betake i^hawkers half; It it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, fell, hawk, carry about, utter or expose to Sale any News Paper, or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper, deemed or construed to be a News Paper, within the Intention and Meaning of any of the acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp Duties now in Force, not being stamped or marked, as in the said acts are directed or appointed, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the Peace to commit every such Offender, being thereof convicted before him by their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months; and it shall and may be lawful for any arewardofsos. Person to seize, apprehend and carry before a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, divi for every Hawker fion or Place where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person so offending as aforementioned j convicted. an(j every Person so seizing or apprehending such Offender, and carrying him or her before such Justice cvuuiefarther the Peace as aforesaid, shall upon Conviction of every such Offender, and producing a Certificate of

29 gv0.2. C 12 such Conviction, under the Hand of such Justice (which Certificate such Justice is hereby required to i. 30geo. 2. give, without Fee or Reward to be taken for the same) be entitled to the Reward of twenty Shillings, r. 19. 32gm.2. to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, C 35.

: up of unstampt News ij2pers3 and any Justice may commit them to the Hovife of Correction for three Months.

VI. And whereas by an act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William Ann St" C 31'* le Third, for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and the making of Sail Cloth in this Kingdom, it is among! other Things enacted, That it shall be lawful

to import into England directly from Ireland, all Sorts of Hemp or Flax, and all the Production there ' of, as Thread, Yarn, and Linen of the Growth and Manufacture of Ireland, free from all Manner of Customs, Duties and Impositions, the Master or other chief Officer of the Vessel importing the same, C bringing with him or them a Certificate or Certificates from the chief Officer or Officers of the Port or Ports in Ireland, where such Goods shall be put on Board, expressing amongst other Things the Name ' or.names, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, that shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned, to be bona fide of the Growth and manufacture of the Kingdom of Ireland, without Fraud

or Covin: And whereas the Manufactures of Thread, Yarn and Linen are greatly increased, and there

is not a sufficient Growth of Hemp and Flax in Ireland to make the same, so that the obliging Persons to swear, that such Manufactures are made of the Growth of the said Kingdom" of Ireland will prevent the Importation thereof into England, and be a great Discouragement to the said Manufactures Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Certificate directed by the said recited Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, to be brought by the Master or chief Officer of any Ship or Vessel importing from Ireland any of the Manufactures made there of Hemp or Flax into England, shall express the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall have bona fide sworn the same to be of the Manufacture of Ireland, without Fraud or Covin, and the other Directions in the said recited act of the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of All Manufac King William the Third (excepting the Exporter or other Person swearing such Goods were of the henvorfiax in Growth of Ireland) shall be pursued; shall and may be lawful, from and after the twenty-fourth Day Ireland" "^ be f June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, to import directly from Ireland into England any imported Duty Manufactures made of Hemp or Flax in Ireland (as may now by Law be imported into England) free free. from all Manner of Customs, Duties and Impositions; any Thing in the said recited act of the seventh

and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Salt lost at Sea,

VII. And whereas in the Month of Augitfl one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, at Liverpool in tivcb fgr" the County of Lancaster, there was shipped on Board the Mary Anne Sloop, Andrew Creigh, Master, by Bryan Blundell of Liverpool aforesaid. Merchant, two thousand five hundred Bushels of White Salt to be carried to Limerick in Ireland, for the Duty whereof Bond was given by the said Bryan Blundell > and the said

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II.

C 27-

5° 9

aid Ship in her Passage thither met with tempcftuous and stormy Weather, whereby nine hundred sixty four Bushels, and one Gallon of the said Salt was lost; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bond or Bonds given by the said Bryan Blundell, for and in respect of the Duty of the said nine hundred sixty four Bushels, and one Gallon of Salt so loft, shall forthwith be delivered up, discharged and vacated, and the same is and are hereby discharged and vacated accordingly; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An alto prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An 5 Geo. 2. c. 30, C asl to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts) which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An Act for reviving and continuing the Acts, Geo. 2. c. 18.

therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firs, (entitled., An Act for making the Laws for repairing the High ways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns; and the 01- dering the Assessments for the repairing and ckanfirrg the Streets therein) was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and is now near expiringmay it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted,

And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first herein before mentioned Act, shall be, and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.'

nued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 57. §. S.' ani again by 31 Geo. 2. c. 35. to 19 Sept. 1764.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green in the Parish of Saint Dunfem, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a Parish Church therein.

PR.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for allowing Carts to be drawn with four Horses.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, in 5 Geo. 1. c. 12.

tituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Aftspaffed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, it is amongst other Things enacted, That if any Cart travelling or carrying for Hite, shall at any Time from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nineteen go, travel, or be drawn with more than three Horses, that the Owner or Driver of such Cart so travelling for Hire, shall forfeit and lose all the Horses above three, with all Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to the sole Use and Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or distrain the same, except as therein is excepted: And whereas by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his present Ma i4ceo, 2. c. 42; jesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That the said Act of the fifth Year of his late Majesty, and all and Angular the Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend to all Carts, and to the Owners and Drivers thereof, his and their Horses, with the Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, whether travelling for Hire, or not for Hire, or in any Manner whatsoever: And whereas the confining the drawing of Carts to three Horses only, is found inconvenient to Farmers and others, and highly detrimental to the Markets of this Kingdom; 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, the said Number of three Horses shall be enlarged to four Horses, under all the provisions, Exceptions and Limitations in the said recited Acts mentioned.

Act s Geo. 2. c. 30. continued till Sept. 29, 1750.

Farther conti

Cincermtig Highway see farther 18 Geo. 2. c. 33, jx Geo. 2. c. 34.

21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 24 geo, 2, C 43. 26 Geo. 2. e, 28 & 30, 28 Geo. 2. e, jj.

The Number of three Horses settled by the former Acts, enlarged to four. 30 Geo. 2. C s

( h

oh

io

I Geo. I. C. 13.

13 Car. 2.' ft. 2. C 1.

25 Car. 2. C 2.

30car. 2. ft. 2.

Further Time allowed for taking the fe ccijil Oaths.

C 30. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 1743.

Cap. XXX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, and also for amending so much of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popijlo Recusants, as relates to the Time for receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper now' limited by the said Act,

WHEREAS diverse Persons, who on Account of their Offices, Places, Employments or Proses fions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or the 'assurance respectively appointed to be taken by such Persons in and by an Act made in the first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Prin cess Sophia, beingfprotestants and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popiflo Recusants, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord; s Supper, according to the Usage of the Church ot England, and making and subscribing the Declaration against: Transubstantiation therein mentioned, or to have taken, made and subscribed the Declaration set forth in the Statute made in the 'thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving his Majestys Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in cither House of Parliament, have, through ignorance of the Law, Absence, Mistake or some unavoidable Accident, omit ted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Assurance, or to make and subscribe the several Declarations before mentioned, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts respectively, "or by any other Act of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided is required, whereby they may be in Danger of incurring diverse Penalties and Disabilities: 'For quieting the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omissions, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons who hath or have taken and subscribed, or who shall on or before the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths or Assurance ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and such Place and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made an 1 provided; and also hath or have received, or shall before the said thirty first Day of December receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall on or before the said thirty first Day of December make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed, " mud also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall on or before the said thirty first Day of December make and subscribe the said Declaration in the said Statute made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, shall be and are hereby imdemnified, freed and discharged of, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, according to the above-mentioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts concerning Persons in Offices or Places of Trull, and' is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as such Person and Persons were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves, according to the above-mentioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them > and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Manner, and within the Time appointed by this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual', if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declarations within the Time, and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas several Persons who have been presented or collated to, or put in Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by reason of Sickness, Imprisonment, Disability of Body, or otherwise, could not or did not read the Morning and Evening Prayers, according to the Book of Common

A.D. 1743. Anno decimo sexto Georgiiii. C 31. 511

{ mon Prayers, and declare his and their unfeigned assent and Consent to the Use of all Things in the said Book contained and subscribed, within the Time limited by an Act passed in the Parliament held the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act ij & 14 Car. 2.

for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Aclminijlration of Sacraments, and other Rites, and for establjlnng C 4-

the Form of making, ordaining and consecrating Bishops, prie/ls and Deacons, in the Church of England Now

to prevent any Inconveniences that may happen by reason of such Omissions; it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who hath or have so omitted to lead

the said Prayers, and to declare his or their said Assent and Consent within the Time limited by the said Farther Time

Abl, but hath or have since performed the same, or who shalb on or before the said thirty sirs Day of allow: '1 to l'cr'

December perform the same, shall be, and he and they is and are, by virtue of the Authority aforesaid, common'i'wc*

indemnified and recapacitated, and shall and may hold and enjoy the said Benefices and Promotions in 2s anj their

large and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had qualified themselves according Affcm thereto.

to the Direction of the said Act; anything in the said Act, or in any Laws or Statute whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

among! other Things it is enabled, That all and every Person and Persons that shall be admitted, en tred, placed or taken into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, Salary,

See or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant of his Majesty, or shall have Command or Place of Trust, from or under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by his or their Authority, or by Authority derived from him or them, within this Realm of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Blands of Jersey or Guernsey, shall receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, according to the Usage of the Ch urch of England, within three Months after his or their Admittance in, or receiving their said Authority and Employment, in some Publick Church, upon some lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after Divine Service and Ser mon; which Time of three Months so limited in the said Act, is found to be too short and inconveni ent: 'Now, for Remedy thereof, and for amending the said Act by enlarging the said Time; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said thirty first Day of December, all and chose m -- every such Person and Persons as aforesaid, shall receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper, according jecdvethesawa to the Usage of the Church of England, within six Months after his or their Admittance in, or receiving ment within fix' their said Authority and Employment, in some publrck Church upon some lord's Day, commonly called Months after. Sunday, immediately after Divine Service and Sermon

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby furtlrer enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Persons notcom person and Persons aforesaid, that shall neglect or refuse to receive the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, shine w, th th!s' within the Time, and at the Places aforesaid, according to the Direction of this Act, shall be liable to,

and incur all such Disabilities, Incapacities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as in and by the said Act of the ties of the a twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, are provided and inflicted for not receiv 25car. 2. C i ing the Sacrament as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend, or be construed This Act shall

to extend, to restore or entitle any Person or Persons, to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, "ot indemnify or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, or csda, ea<ly

already filled up or enjoyed by another Person; but that such office, Employment, Benefice, Matter, or

Thing so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been made,

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the further Punishment of Persons who shall aid or assist Prisoners to attempt to escape out of lawful Custody.

8 &9T. 27- 1a" n

FOR the further Punishment of Persons who shall aid or assist Prisoners to attempt to escape out of lawful Custody, Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June

where a p rfo one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, by any Means whatsoever be aiding or assisting to any sff; rna iviso Prisoner to attempt to make his or her Escape from any Gaol, although no Escape be actually made, in case nsr to escape, such Prisoner then was attainted or convicted of Treason, or any Felony, except Petty Larceny, or law shall be deemed fully committed to or detained in any Gaol for Treason, or any Felony, except Petty Larceny, expressed of Felony y

in the Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of seven Years; and in case such Prisoner then was and redeem convicted of, committed to, or detained in any Gaol for Petty Larceny, or any other Crime, not being ed a Mjfdant' Treason or Felony, expressed in the Warrant of his or her Commitment or Detainer as aforesaid, or then northwest, vvas in Gaol upon any Process whatsoever, for any Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to the Sum of one hundred Pounds, every Person so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a Misdemeanour, for which lie or she shall be liable to a Fine and Imprisonment.

5i2 C 32. Anno decimo sexto Georgii II. A.D. 174c

After 4 June

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after tf. i.luit>nn\ins' twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, convey, or cause to b

3'iy Disguise, conveyed into any Gaol or Prison, any Vizor, or other Disguise, or any Instrument or Arms proper ti

Instrument, or

facilitate the Escape of Prisoners; the same shall deliver, or cause to be delivered to any Prisoner II Arms, to help any such Gaol, or to any other Person there, for the Use of any such Prisoner, without the Confen m Efcpe, with Gr Privity of the Keeper, or under keeper of any such Gaol or Prison; such Person, although nt ledge of th°w" Escape or Attempt to escape be actually made, shall be deemed to have delivered such Vizor, or other

Keeper, if the Disguise, Instrument, or Arms, with an Intent to aid and assist such Prisoner to escape or attempt tc

Prisoner be at escape, and in case such Prisoner then was attainted or convicted of Treason, or any Felony, except tainted of Trea Petty Larceny, or lawfully committed to, or detained in any such Gaol for Treason, or any Felony, ex ion or Felony, cept Petty Larceny, expressed in the Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, every Person so offending, fortreason or an being thereof lawfully convicted, shall in like Manner be deemed and adjudged Guilty of Felony, Felony; and shall be transported to one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of seven

the Offender Years; but in case the Prisoner to whom, or for whose Use, such Vizor or Disguise, Instrument or Arms,

shall be deemed, shall be so delivered, then was convicted, committed, or detained for Petty Larceny, or any other Crime, ?ud*b °trans°ny' not en Treason or Felony, expressed in the Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, or upon any Process ported ttan " whatsoever, for any Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to the

Disguise, Instru Sum one hundred Pounds, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall

mints, or Arms, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a Misdemeanour, for which he or he shall be in like Manner LI given to one dc able to a Fine and Imprisonment. tained for any

less Crime, or for Debt, Damages, C amounting to 1001. the Offender shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanour.

Toaflift any

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the Person to escape twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, aid or assist any Prisoner to at £r°mbl^onfta' tempt to make his or her Escape from the Custody of any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or chargetwith other Officer or Person who shall then have the lawful Charge of such Prisoner, in order to carry him Treason or Fc or her to Gaol, by virtue of a Warrant of Commitment for Treason, or any Felony (except Petty lar lony; ceny) expressed in such Warrant; or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting to any Felon to attempt

or from any to make his Escape from on Board any Boat, Ship, or Vessel, carrying Felons for Transportation, or Hoar, pcjcar' from the Contractor for the Transportation of such Felons, his Assigns, or Agents, or any other Person so^transporta to whom such Felon shall have been lawfully delivered, in order for Transportation; every Person tion; " so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, the Offender and shall be transported to one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of shall be deem seven Years, ed guilty of

Felony, and shall be transported for seven Years.

The Profecu

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That there shall be no Prosecution for any of the said Offences, non to com nnjefg such Prosecution be commenced within one Year after such Offence committed.

inence within

Personi ordered

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be ordered for for Transporta Transportation, in pursuance of this at, shall return from Transportation, or be at large in any Part of tion, and found Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which he or she shall 'pee before have been ordered to be transported, every such Person shall be liable to the same Punishment, and to the oftteterm° hke Methods of Prosecution, Trial, and conviction, for returning from such Transportation, or for bow to be dealt being at large in any Part of Great Britain, as other Felons transported, or ordered to' be transported, with. are liable unto by Virtue of the Laws now in Force.

Csnaming Prisoners see farther 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 17. 32 Geo. 2. c. 28.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Leffecs;

EXP.

Time given to 28 Nov. 1743,

Anno

A.D. 1744.

513

C 1 — 3.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. Regis.

'AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the first Day of December, Anno Domini one jttlioufand seven hundred and forty-one, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord ' GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, De ' sender of the Faith, £sy. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; being the third Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four. EXP. At 4s. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

EXP.

I. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Buyers of Cjder construed to extend, to charge any Person or Persons with the Duty upon Cyder or Perry, such Person and Perry for or Persons buying the same for his or their private Use only, and not being a Dealer or Dealers in Cyder

or Perry, or a Retailer or Retailers thereof.'charged

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons whatsoever, who persons selling shall, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, sell any Quantity less than

of Cyder or Perry, or either of them, in less Quantity than twenty Gallons at a Time, whether the same Gallons, to be

be made from Fruit of his, her, or their own Growth, or from bought Fruit, shall be deemed and taken deemedretailers;

to be a Dealer in Cyder and Perry, and a Retailer thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the Duty of four Shillings per Hogshead, for such Quantity of Cyder and Perry so sold, over and above all other Duties

payable for Cyder and Perry sold by Retale; and that every Dealer in, and Retailer of Cyder and Perry,

and other Person and Persons receiving into his, her or their Custody or Custodies, any Quantity of Cyder

or Perry, or either of them, for Sale; and every Person and Persons who shall buy any Fruit to make into

Cyder and Perry, or either of them, for Sale, shall make a true and particular Entry in Writing of the several and respective store houses, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Place or Places by him, her or them respectively made use of, for the making or keeping of Cyder and Perry, or either of them, at the

Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars,

Vaults, and other Place or Places shall be situated; Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Storehouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four shall be made use of by any such Dealer or Retailer,

Receiver or Maker respectively, without making such Entry thereof as aforesaid: And that allduties, Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be lued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Duty, Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or miti

sated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued for anything done by him or them in pursuance of this Act, he and they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff be nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them

awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

These two Clauses have been continued in every subsequent Act.

CAP. III.

An act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give public Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the same.

WHEREAS great Inconveniences do often arise in Cities, Towns Corporate, Parishes, Town ships and Places, by reason of the unlimited Power of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, who frequently on frivolous Pretences, and for private Ends, make unjust and illegal Rates in a ' secret and clandestine Manner, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of a Statute made in the forty and third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the poorfor ^jeliz. c. z Remedy whereof, and preventing, the like Abuses for the future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

514

Poors Rates to be published in the Church.

The Rates to be inspected by any Inhabitant, and Copies taken.

Penalty on not permitting any. Inhabitant to inspetf, C Concerning Poor see farther 17 Geo. 2. c. 37

38.

51 Geo. 2. c. 11.

C 4, 5. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, the Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Persons authorised to take Care of the Poor in every Parish, Township or Place, shall give or cause to be given, public Notice in the Church, of every Rate for the Relief of the Poor, allowed by the Justices of Peace, the next Sunday after the same shall have been so allowed; and that no Rate shall be esteemed or reputed valid and sufficient, so as to collect and raise the same, unless such Notice shall have been given.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Persons authorised as aforesaid, in every Parish, Township or Place, shall permit all and every the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township or Place, to inspect every such Rate at all seasonable Times, paying one Shilling for the same, and shall upon Demand forthwith give Copies of the same or any Part thereof, to any Inhabitant of the said Parish, Township or Place, paying at the Rate of sixpence for every twenty-four Names.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor or other Person authorised as aforesaid, shall not permit any Inhabitant or Parishioner to inspect the said Rates, or shall refuse or neglect to give Copies thereof as aforesaid, such Churchwarden or Overseer, or other Person authorised: as aforesaid, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay to the Party aggrieved, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered by aion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law; or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed

CAP. IV.

An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an act passed in the third Year, of the Reign, of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the City of Canterbury in the County of Kent.

PR.

The Act J Geo. 2. C iy. continued for 2a Years.

Particular Offences, and their Punishments.

CAP. V.

A to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and 39ac. 17, other idle and disorderly Persons, and to houses of Correction.

ijac. 1. f. 4.

21 £? II ir, 3. C 18. I am, stat. z. C 13, s Am. C 32. 6 GW I. C. 19. 14 Geo. 2. c. 33.

WHEREAS the Number of Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars and other idle and disorderly Persons daily, increases, to the great Scandal, Loss and Annoyance of the Kingdom; 'For Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andiconsent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who threaten to run away, and leave their Wives or Children to the Parish and all Persons who shall unlawfully return to such. Parish or Place from whence they have been legally removed by order of two justices of the Peace, without bringing a Certificate from the Parish or Place whereunto they belong; and also all persons who, not having wherewith to maintain themselves, live idle without Employment, and refuse to.work, for the usual and common Wages given to other Labourers in the like Work, in, the Parishes or Places where they then are; and also all Persons going about from Door to Door, or placing themselves in Streets, Highways or Passages, to beg. or gather Aims in the Parishes or Places where they dwell, shall be deemed idle and disorderly Persons.; and it shall and may be lawful, for any Justice of the Peace to commit such Offenders (being thereof convicted before him, by his own View, or by. their own Confession, or by the Oath, of one or more credible Witmefs or Witnesses) to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month: And it shall and may be lawful for any Person. to apprehend and carry before a Justice of the Peace, any such Persons going about from Door to Door, or placing themselves in Streets, Highways or Passages, to beg, or gather Alms in the Parishes or Places where they dwell; and if they shall refill, or escape from the Person apprehending them, they, shall be subject to the same Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds are made liable to by this Act: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Overseer of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offender shall be apprehended, to pay the Sum of five Shillings to any Person or Persons in any such Parish or Place so apprehending them, for every Offender so apprehended; which Sum shall be allowed to such Overseer in his Account, he producing the justice's Order, and a Receipt under the Hand of the person.or Persons to whom such Sum was paid: But if such Overseer shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum, the said Jut ftice, on Oath thereof made, may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Overseer; and the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress satisf.ed; shall be returned to such ov.crfeer, who in such Case shall not be allowed, the Sum so levied in his Account,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all perfcr.s going about as patent gatherers or Gatherers of Aims, under Pretences of Loss by Fire, or other Cafuaity; or going about as Collectors for Prisons Gaols or Hospitals; Fencers and Bearwards; all common Players of Interludes; and all Persons who shall for Hire, Gain or Reward, aft, representor perform, or cause to be acted, represented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy., Opera, Play, Farce or other Enterrainment t>f die Stage, or any Part, or Parts therein, not being authorised! by Law;, all Minstrels., Jugglers; all

Offences of a higher Nature.

ive Shillings Reward for apprehending Offenders.

Penalty on o verseer not paying the Reward.

Other Offences and their pu jwfficnenis.

5*5

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 5.

Persons pretending to be Gipsies, or wandering in the Ilabit or Form of Egyptians, or pretending to have Skill in Physiognomy, Palmestry or like crafty Science, or pretending to tell Fortunes, or using any subtle Craft to deceive and impose on any of his Majesty's Subjects, or playing or betting; at any unlawful Games or Plays; and all Persons who run away and leave their Wives or Children, whereby they become chargeable to any Parish or Place; and all Petty Chapmen and Pedlars wandering abroad, not being duly licensed or otherwise authorised by Law; and all Persons wandering abroad, 'and lodging in alchouk s,

Barns, Outhouses, or in the open Air, not giving a good Account of themselves; all Persons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harvest; all other Persons wandering abroad and begging, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to Soldiers wanting Subsistence, having lawful Certificates from their Officers or the Secretary at War, or to Mariners or Seafaring Men Iiccnfed by some Testimonial or Writing under the Hand

and Seal of some Justice of the Peace, setting down the Time or Place of their Landing or Discharge, and the Place to which such Soldiers or Mariners are to pass, and the Names of the chief Towns or Places through which they are to pass, and limiting the Time of such their passage, while they continue in the direct Way to the Place to which they are to pass, and during the Time fa limited; or to any Person or Persons going Abroad to work at any lawful work in the Time of Harvest, so as he, she or they carry with him, her or them a Certificate in Writing, signed by the Minister and one of the Churchwardens or chapel wardens, or one of the Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, of the Parish, Chapelry, or Place where they shall respectively inhabit, declaring that he, she or they hath or have a dwelling house, or Place there, in which he, she or they inhabit.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all end gatherers offending against an incorng^'e Act made in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the L C letter Regulation of the jvoollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; 13

and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the twelfth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in case of Payment of the workmcns wages in any other Manner than in Money, being convicted of such Offence; and all Persons apprehended as Rogues and Vagabonds, and escaped from the Persons apprehending them, or refusing to go before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to be examined upon Oath before such Justice or Justices, or refusing to be conveyed by any such Pass as is herein after directed, or knowingly giving a false Account of themselves on such Examination, after Warning given them of their Punishment; and all Rogues or Vagabonds who shall break or escape out of any House of Correction, before the Expiration of the Term for which they were committed or ordered to be confined by virtue of this Act; and all Persons who after having been punished as Rogues and Vagabonds, and discharged, shall again commit any of the said Offences, shall be deemed incorrigible Rogues within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons shall be found offending Any Person may against this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatsoever to apprehend the Person so often appjeilen<i tiding, and to convey or cause to be conveyed to some Justice of the Peace, the Persons so apprehended, to fen ers'

be proceeded against in such Manner as is herein after directed: in case any Constable or other such Penalty on Offi officer, shall refuse or neglect to use his best Endeavours to apprehend or convey to some Justice of the cers neglecting Peace any such Offender; it shall be deemed a neglect of Duty in such Constable or Officer, and he shall their Duty, be punished in such Manner as is herein after directed: in case any other Person, being charged by any Justice of the Peace so to do, shall refuse or neglect to use his best Endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the Constable or such other Officer, or to carry such Offender before some Justice of the Peace, where no Constable or other such Officer can be found; such Person so offending as aforesaid, being thereof convicted upon View, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the parish or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant from any Justice or Justices; and the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress satisfied, shall be returned to such Offender: And in case any Person not being a Constable or Reward for ta such other Officer, shall apprehend any such Rogue or Vagabond, and shall deliver him or her to a Conking up vaga stable or other such Officer, or shall convey or cause him or her to be conveyed to some Justice or Justices bonds, ces the Peace, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any Constable or other such Officer shall so apprehend and convey such Rogue or Vagabond, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to reward any such Constable or other Person, by making an Order under Hand and Seal, upon the High or Chief Constable, to pay the Sum of ten Shillings to the Person so apprehending him or her, within one Week after Demand, and producing such Order, and upon his giving a Receipt for the lame; and the same shall be allowed or paid by the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division or Liberty to such High or Chief Constable on his passing his Accounts, and delivering such Order and Receipt, and also his 6wn Receipt for the same to such Treasurer; and the said Justices at the General or Quarter sessions, shall allow the same to such Treasurer in his Accounts, upon his producing and delivering up the Vouchers aforesaid: And in Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate and other Places where there, are no High or Chief Constables, such Petty Constables and other Officers shall pay or retain such Reward as aforesaid, and be allowed what they shall so pay or retain by virtue of this Act in their respective Accounts, upon their producing and delivering up the like Vouchers: And in case any High or Chief Penalty on not Constable, or where there is no High or Chief Constable, such Petty Constable or other Officer, shall re Refuse

or neglect to pay such Reward on Demand, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of "ar

516

General privy Searches to aiadc,

Justices to punish Vagabonds, C taken up at privy Searches.

different Sorts of Vagabonds, how to be passed

Jorm of the Vast.

C 5. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

the Peace, by Warrant under Hand and Sea], to levy the Sum of twenty Shillings, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Officer, and thereout to allow to the Person entitled thereto the said Reward of ten Shillings, and such other Recompense for his Trouble, Loss of Time and Expenses, as the said Justice or Justices shall think fit; and the Overplus (if any] shall be returned to such Officer upon Demand.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for every County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division or Liberty, or any two of them, shall four Times in the Year at least, or oftener (if need be) meet in their respective Divisions, and by their Warrant, command the Constables or other peace officers of every Hundred, Parish, Town and Hamlet, in their several Divisions, who shall be affifled with sufficient Men of the same Places, to make a general Privy Search in one Night, throughout their several and respective Limits, for the finding and apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds; and every Justice of the Peace shall also, on receiving Information that Rogues and Vagabonds are in any Place within his Jurisdiction, issue his Warrant to the Constable or other Officer of such Place, to search for and apprehend such Rogues and Vagabonds; and such Rogues and Vagabonds as they shall find and apprehend upon such Searches, they shall cause to be brought before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division or Liberty.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Rogues or Vagabonds, apprehended by any Constable, or such other Officer or Person as aforesaid, or upon such Search as aforesaid, shall be brought before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he or they are hereby required to inform himself or themselves, by the Examination upon Oath of the Person or Persons apprehended, or of any other Person of the Condition and circum stances of the person or Persons so apprehended, and of the Parish or Place, where he, she or they, were last legally settled; the Substance of which Examination or Examinations shall be put into Writing, and be subscribed or signed by the Person or Persons so examined; and the said Justice or Justices shall likewise sign the same, and transmit it to the next General or Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the same County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division or Liberty there to be filed and kept on Record; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall and are hereby required to order all such Persons so apprehended, to be publicity whipped by the Constable, Petty Constable or Tythineman, or some other Person to be appointed by such Constable, Petty Constable or Tythingman of such Parish or Place where such Persons were apprehended; or to order such Persons to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter sessions, or for any less Time, as such Justice or Justices shall think proper; and after such Whipping or Confinement, such Justice or Justices may, and are hereby empowered, if they think convenient, by a Pass under Hand and Seal, in the Manner and Form hereafter directed, to cause such Persons to be conveyed to the Place of their last legal Settlement; but if it cannot be found, then to the Place of their Birth; or if such Persons or any of them, be under the Age of fourteen Years, and have any Father or Mother living, then to the Place of the Abode of such Father or "Mother, there to be delivered to some church warden, chapel warden or Overseer of the Poor of such Parish, Town or Place; which Pass shall be in the Form or to the Eeffedft following:

To the Constable of in the County of or to the Tythingman or other Officer,

as the Case shall be, or if the Offender is committed to the House of Correction, then to the Governor or maflr thereof ] And also to all Constables and other Officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens, chapel wardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town or Place as the Case shall be) of in the County of or either of them, to

receive and obey.

WHEREAS was or were) apprehended in the Parish of for in the Town of or other Place, describing it) as a Rogue and Vagabond, or as Rogues and Vagabonds, videlicet, wandering and begging the re or as the Case shall be) and upon Examination of the said

taken before upon Oath (which Examination is hereunto

annexed) it doth appear, that his, her or their last legal Settlement is at in this County

or in the County of -) or, that the said was (or were) born in the Parish of

in this County (or, in the county of ) and hath (or have) not since ob

tained any legal Settlement; or that the said is (or are) under the Age of fourteen Years,

and hath (or have) a Father or Mother living or abiding in the Parish (or Town) of (or other

1 Place describing it.) These are therefore to require you the said Constable or other Officer, (or Governor or Master of the House of Correction, as the Case shall be) to convey the said in the next direct

to the said Parish (or Toiun) of (or other Place) within the said County, and there

4 to deliver him (her or them) to some church warden, chapel warden or Overseer of the Poor of the same Parish (Toiun or Place) to be Lhere provided for according to Law (or in caje the said parish, Town or Place to which such Person or Persons is or are to be sent, lies in some other County, Riding, Division, Cor ' foration or Franchise having fefaratr General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, then the Form shall be asfol loweth, videlicet, To convey the said to the Parish (or Town) of that being

the first Parish (or Town) in the next Precinct through which he (Jhe or they) ought to pass in the direct Way to the said Parish (or Town) of to which he (floe or they) is (or are) to be sent, and

1 to deliver him (her or them) to the Constable or other Officer of such first Town (or Parish) in such next Precinct, together with this Pass, and the Duplicate of the Examination of the said

taking

D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

G. 5.' i

taking his Receipt for the same; and the said is (orare) to be thence conveyed on in like.

Manner to the said Parish (or Town) of there to be delivered to some Churchwarden,

chapel warden, or Overseer of the Poor of the same Parish (Town or Place) to be there provided for according to Law; and you the said churchwardens, chapel wardens, and Overseers of the Poor, are hereby required to receive the said Person or Persons) and provide for him (her or them) as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice or Justices shall make Duplicate of rier cause to be made a Duplicate of such Pass and Examination; and sign the same; and hall afterwards and exam ransmit the Duplicate of the said Pass annexed to the Examination to the next General or Quarter Sef nac'° "10

10ns of the Peace, there to be filed and kept on Record; and shall annex the Duplicate of the Examina^1 "

ion to the Pass, and send it with the same; and the said Pass, Examination, and Duplicates thereof, tcr sessionsi shall and may be read in any Court of Record in England, I Tales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

s Evidence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offender against this act Power of Jii

hall be committed, as aforesaid, to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or over Ya'

Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions shall, on Examination of the Circumstances of the lrl"

Jafe, adjudge such Persona Rogue or Vagabond, or an Incorrigible Rogue; they may, if they think Rogues, onvenient, order such rogue or Vagabond to be detained and kept in the said House of Correction to

xard Labour, for any further Time not exceeding six Months, and such Incorrigible Rogue, for any further Time, not exceeding two Years, nor less than six Months from the Time of making such Order of iessions; and during the Time of such person's Confinement, to be corredled by Whipping, in such banner, and at such Times and Places within their jurisdictions, as according to the Nature of such 'erson's Offence, they in their Discretion shall think fit; and such Person may (if the Justices at the aid Sessions shall think convenient) afterwards be sent away by such Pass, mutatis mutandis, as aforesaid uid if such Person, being a Male, is above the Age of twelve Years, the Justices at their Sessions may m.d. are hereby empowered, at any Time before he is discharged from the House of Correction, to send lim to be employed in his Majesty's Service, either by Sea or Land, if they shall judge proper; and in: afe any such Incorrigible Rogue, so ordered by the said General or Quarter Sessions to be detained and cept in the said House of Correction, shall before the Expiration of the Time for which he or she shall ie so ordered to be there detained and kept, break out or make his or her Escape from the said House of Correction, or hall offend again in the like Manner; in every such Case, every such Person shall be leemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being legally convicted thereof, shall and may be trans jorted for any Time not exceeding seven Years, in the same Manner as by the Laws now in being other felons may be transported.

X. And to prevent unnecessary Expense in the passing or conveying of Rogues, Vagabonds, and Injustices to rega

: orrigible Rogues, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace e a

who shall make the Pass, shall at the same Time, with the said Pass, cause likewise to be delivered to the officerscerti' Constable, or other Officer appointed to convey them, a Note or Certificate, ascertaining how they, are /fcates.

to be conveyed, by Horse, Cart, or on Foot, and what Allowance such Constable or other Officer is to,

have for conveying them (according to the Rates or Allowances appointed by the General or Quarter*

Sessions of the Peace, as is herein after directed) in the Form, or to the effect following, videlicet:

WHEREAS by a Pass (reciting the Suhjlance or Effect of the said Pass) I (or ive) do hereby order of the and direct the said Person or Persons) to be conveyed on Foot (or in a Cart, or by Horse, et cetera) crtlficate'

1 to the said Town (or Parish) of in (or other Place, describing it) in the

Way to such Parish (Town or Place, as the Case shall be) in Days Time for which the said

1 Constable (et cetera) is to be allowed the Sum of 'and no more.

Given under my Hand (or Our Hands) this Day, ct cetera.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constable, or other Officer, who The Duty of shall receive such Pass and Certificate, shall and is hereby required to convey, or cause to be conveyed, 9cer3.w'ci\ the Person or Persons named in such Pass, in such Manner, and in such Time, as by the same pass shall ccttificate.*" be directed, the next direct Way to the Place where he, she or they are ordered to be sent, if such Place < Amended by be in the same County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, where the said, Person or Persons a 6 Geo. a. C 34'were apprehended; but if the Place to which the Person or Persons so apprehended is or are, to be sent, lies in some other County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Francife, he shall deliver the said Person or Persons to the Constable or such other Officer of the first Town, Parish or Place, in the next County,

Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, in the direct Way to the Place to which such Person or Persons is or are to be conveyed, together with the said Pass and Duplicate of Examination, taking his Receipt for the same; and such Constable or other Officer shall, without Delay, apply to some Justice of the Peace in the same County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, who shall make the like. Certificate as before (mutatis mutandis) and deliver it to the said Constable or other Officer, who shall and is hereby required with all Speed to convey the Person or Persons unto the first Parish, Town or place in .1

the r.ext County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, in the direct Way to the Place, to which such Person or Persons is or are to be conveyed; and foin like Manner from one County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise, to another, till they come to the Place to which such Person or Persons is or are sent; and the Constable or other Officer, who shall deliver such Person or Persons to the Churchwarden or other Person ordered to receive them by such Pass, shall at the same Time deliver the said Pass,

S

Uerfcns shall pay for their own Part age if they are found able.

Regulations for pa fling Vagrants Into Scotland

regulations for pacing Vagrants j»tojueland, C

Penalty on maf 4ers of Ships refusing to take Vagrants on Board,

Matters not obliged to take on Board more than one Vagrant for every 20 Tonnes Burden.

Justices to limit the Races per my for parting v^rants, See,

C 5. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744

with the Duplicate of Examination, taking their Receipt for the same; and if the Churchwarden o other Person, who shall receive any Person so sent, shall think the Examination to be false, he is hereb; empowered to carry the Person so sent, before some Justice of the Peace, who, if he see Cause, maj commit such Person to the House of Correction till the next Quarter sessions, and the Justices there, II they see Cause, may deal with such Personas an incorrigible Rogue; but the Person so sent shall not be removed from the Place to which sent, but by Order of two Justices, in the same Manner as other pooj Persons are removed to the Place of their Settlement.

XII. And whereas it often happens that Persons commit Adds of Vagrancy when they are in Circum 5 fiances sufficient to pay for their Journey home Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace before whom any Vagrants shall be carried, to order such Vagrants to be searched, and their Bundles to be inspected by the Constable, Tythingman, Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, in the Presence of the said Justice; and if it shall appear that any such Vagrant shall be found to have sufficient wherewithal to pay for their Passage, either in the Whole or in Part, to the Parish to which they belong, then the said Justice or Justices shall order so much of the Money to be paid, or other eft edts found with or upon such Vagrants, to be sold and employed for and towards the Expense of taking up and passing such Vagrants as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any be) after deducting the Charges of such Sale, to such Vagrants.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Constable or other Officer of any Parish or Place, within the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon any Person or Persons being delivered to them by a Pass and Examination, who shall have been apprehended within the said Counties or Town, or brought to them according to the Direction of this Act, whose Place of legal Settlement is in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to deliver the said Examination to the Clerk of the Peace for such respective County, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of that County, and to convey or cause to be conveyed, such Person or Persons, with the said Pass, into the next adjoining Shire, stewartry or Place in that Part of the United Kingdom; and to deliver him, her or them to foine Constable or other Officer of the next Parish, District or Place within the said Shire, Stewartry or Place, taking his Receipt for him, her or them; and such Officer is hereby required to receive such Person or Persons, and give such Receipt, and to dispose of him, her or them according to Law; and in case any such Vagrant, after being fe sent and conveyed into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, after being so sent as aforesaid, be found wandering, begging or misbehaving him or herself within that Part of Great Britain called England, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every such Person so offending shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue, and be punished as incorrigible Rogues are to be punished by this Act.

XIV. And whereas diverse Vagrants have been conveyed from County to County, in order to be 1 sent to Places in Ireland, the Isles of Man, Jersey, Guernsey or Scilly (their last legal Settlement) but for want of Authority to compel Masters of Ships and Vessels to take them on Board, in order to be car ried thither at reasonable Rates, they may be very chargeable to the Maritime Counties, Towns and Places in England and Wales, where they may lie for such Exportation; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Master and Mailers of any Ship or Vessel or Packet Boat bound for Ireland, the Isles of Man, Jersey, Guernsey or Scilly, shall, and they and each of them is and are hereby required, upon Warrant to him or them directed under the Hand and Seal of a Justice of the Peace of the County, Town or Place where such Ship, Vessel or Packet Boat shall lie, to take on Board the same such Vagrant and Vagrants as shall be named and expressed in the said Warrant, and convey him, her or them to such Place in Ireland, the Isles of Man, Jersey, Guernsey or Scilly, as such Ship, Vessel or Packet Boat shall be bound to or shall arrive at; and for the Charges thereof such Master shall take, and the Constable or Person who serves him with the said Warrant shall pay him such Rate per Head, as the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter sessions shall from time to time appoint for every such Vagrant so brought and delivered to him; and such Master shall and is hereby required, on the Back of the said Warrant, to signa Receipt for the Money so paid, and also for the Vagrant or Vagrants so brought and delivered; which Warrant so endorsed shall then be produced to the Justice of the Peace who signed and sealed the same, and upon his Allowance thereof, under his Hand, the Money so paid shall be repaid by the County, in such Manner as by this Act the Money to be paid for conveying Vagrants from County to County is directed; every Master of such Ship, Vessel or Packet Boat, neglecting or refusing to receive on Board, or to transport such Vagrant or Vagrants, or to endorse and sign such Receipt as aforesaid, shall forfeit five Pounds to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the said Ship, or any Goods within the same, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the same County, City or Town Corporate, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the said Penalty and Charges of levying the same are satished.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Master of any such Packet Boat, Ship or Vessel, shall be compelled to take on Board more than one Vagrant for every twenty Tonnes Burden of any such Boat, Ship or Vessel.

a. V

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division or Liberty, shall and may at the General or Quarter sessions of the Peace from time to time, limit, appoint and direct what Rates and Allowances? per Mile, or otherwise, shall be made for the passing, conveying or maintaining of Rogues, Vagabonds or incorrigible Rogues, to be passed or conveyed as aforesaid; may likewise make such other Orders, Rules and Directions, for the more regular proceeding or acting the rein, within their respective Limits ajid Jurisdictions, as they in their Discretion shall think proper; which Rates, Allowances, Orders, f Rules

D.

744-

Anno ciecimo septimo Georgii II.

C

519

Lules and Directions shall from time to time be observed and submitted to by all Justices of the Peace, fonstables, Officers and other Persons within the same Limits and Jurisdictions respectively.

or what Rates or Allowances he shall be required to convey any Rogues, Vagabonds or incorrigible fa7pufin£ va togues as aforesaid, together with a Receipt or Note from any Constable or other Officer or Person to tran r. whom the Person or Persons so to be conveyed was or were delivered, the said High or Chief Constable shall and may pay unto such Petty Constable or other Officer, the Rates or Allowances ascertained in aid by such Certificate, and no more, taking from such Petty Constable or other Officer such Certificate, nd his Receipt for the same; and the said High or Chief Constable shall be allowed the same by the Frcafurer of the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, Corporation or Franchise, on his passing his ae ounts, upon his producing and delivering up such Certificate and Receipt, and giving his own Receipt or the same to such Treasurer; the justices at the General or Quarter Sessions shall allow the same 0 such Treasurer in his Accounts, upon his producing and delivering up the Vouchers aforesaid: And in Penalty on the ife any High or Chief Constable shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Petty Constable, or other Officer rconftabic r r Person, the Rates or Allowances ascertained in and by such Certificate and Receipt, on Demand; it " by shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under Hand and Seal to the Justices evy double the Sum ascertained by such Certificate, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such High or Warrant.

Jhief Constable, and thereout to allow the said Petty Constable, or other Officer or Person, the Sum ahcredoyisctn ifeertained in and by such Certificate and Receipt, and such other Recompense for his Trouble, Loss of /

Time and Expenses, as the said Justice or Justices shall think fit; and the Overplus (if any) shall be resumed to such High or Chief Constable upon Demand; and in Cities, Towns Corporate and other Places where there is no High or Chief Constable, such Petty Constables or other Officers shall be slowed what they shall so pay pursuant to the Directions of such Certificate in their respective Accounts, ipon their producing and delivering up such Vouchers; or in case any Governor or Master of a House of orredtion shall deliver such Certificate and Receipt to any Treasurer as.'aforesaid, such Treasurer fhalk bay the Rates therein ascertained to such Governor or Master of a House of Correction, taking his re xipt for the same, which shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Accounts on his producing and dell bering up such Vouchers.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Penalty on nran^ 'etty Constable, or other Officer or Governor or Master of any House of Correction, shall counterfeit terfeit ng or al my such Certificate, Receipt or Note, or make, or knowingly permit to be made any Alteration in any Recei n Inch Certificate, Receipt or Note, he shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and in case he shall not con" " P'/ey or cause to be conveyed, die Persons to the Place where they ought to be conveyed, or shall not de Penalty on the r iver them to the proper Person; if any Constable, or other Officer or Person, shall refuse to receive Officer not paf any such Persons font to them, or to give a Receipt or Note as before dire died; that in any of the said according to' Cases, the Constable or other Officer or Person shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; which fared re the officer', not pedlive Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant or Order receiving th

in the Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be committed, at their General or Qltarter sef Pass.

Sons; one Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall first make Information, against any such Manner of levy offender, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Treasurer of the County or Place, to be applied by him in the jjeoulty. is Part of the public Stock,; and the Overplus (if any) after such Forfeitures levied, and the Charges if Distress satisfied, shall be returned to such Constable or other Officer or Person upon Demand.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parish or Place to which any Rogue, Vagabonds, C Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue shall be conveyed by Pass as aforesaid, shall take Care to employ in to be let to work. Work, or place in some Workhouse or Aknfhouse, the Person or Persons so conveyed to them, until he,

(he or they shall betake themselves to some Service or other Employment: And in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse to work, or shall not beta ke themselves to some Service or Employment, the Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish or Place, or the major Part of them, may cause such Person or Persons to be carried before some Justice of the Peace in order to be font to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour.

XX. And whereas there are sometimes Persons, who by Lunacy, or otherwise, are furiously mad, or Lunatics to b;

are so far difordcred in their Senses that they may be dangerous to be permitted to go abroad be it confi7'ed by

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, for any two or more Justices of the Peace where such Lunatic or mad Person shall be found, by Warrant under their Hands lcei'

and Seals, directed to the Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town

or Place, or some of them, to cause such Person so to be apprehended, and kept safely locked up in some

secure Place, within the County or Precinct where such Parish, Town or Place shall lie, as such justices

shall under their Hands and Seals direct and appoint; and (if such Justices find it necessary) to be there

chained, if the last legal Settlement of such Person shall be in any Parish, Town or Place within finch

County or Precinct; and if such Settlement shall not be there, then such person shall be font to the Place of his or her last legal Settlement by a Pass, mutatis mutandis, as aforesaid, and shall be locked up or Rood, and

chained, by Warrant of two Justices of the County or Precinct to which such Person is solent, in of a,

Manner aforesaid; the reasonable Charges of removing, and of keeping, maintaining and curing " atit, ks to bt!

such Person during such Restraint (which shall be for and during such Time only as such lunacy or

Madness shall continue) shall be satisfied and paid (such Charges being first proved upon Oath) by their Mainte

Order of two or mote justices of the Peace, diredung the Churchwardens or Overseers where any Goods, nance;

Chattels,

dering the execution of this A, or r[ce]scu jing a Prisoner,

To be levied by Distress and Sale, gcc*

520 C 5. Anno decimo fepfsimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Chattels, lanus or Tenements of such Person shall be, to seize and fell so much of the Goods and Chattels, or receive so much of the annual Rents of the Lands and Tenements as is necessary to pay the Otherwise at the same; and to account for what is so seized, sold or received, to the next Quarter sessions; but if such pariftt ° the p.er^on hath not an Estate to pay and satisfy the same, over and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his or her Family, then such Charges shall be satisfied and paid by the Parish, Town or Place to which such Person belongs, by Order of two Justices, directed to the Churchwardens or Overseers for that Purpose.

Eroviso,

XXI. Provided always, That this at, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed

to extend to restrain or abridge the Prerogative of the King, or the Power or Authority of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being, or of the Chamberlain or Vice Chamberlain of the County Palatine of Chester for the Time being, touching or concerning such Lunatics, or to restrain or prevent any Friend or Relation of such Lunatics from taking them under their own Care and Protection; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.'

ficewftotdo^i" -

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Constable or other their Duty; 'and Officer, or Governor or Matter of any House or Correction, shall be defective, remils, or negligent in on Persons hin his Duty in the Execution of this act, in any Case for which no Punishment is herein before particularly provided or in case any Person or Persons shall disturb or hinder the Execution of this act, or shall) refeue any Person apprehended or passing from Place to Place by virtue thereof, or shall be advising, aiding or assisting to his or her Escape, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be committed (which Oath the Laid Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to administer) the Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods by Warrant from such Justice or Justices, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the said Forfeiture and Charges of making and keeping the said Distress shall be paid and satisfied; if sufficient Distress cannot be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more such Justice or Justices to commit the Persons so offending to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months.

XXIII. And whereas Persons herein before described to be Rogues, Vagabonds or incorrigible Rogues,

are much encouraged in wandering about, by the Reception they too often meet with in Villages and Places where they are permitted to lodge in Houses, Barns or other Outhouses or Buildings, by Means whereof, and their falling lick there, great Expenses are sometimes brought upon parishes for Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall knowingly permit or fuller any such Rogue, Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue, to lodge or take Shelter in his or her House, Barn or other Outhouses or Buildings, and shall not apprehend and carry such Rogue, Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue before foine Justice of the Peace, or give Notice to some Constable or other such Officer so to do; such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, either on Confession or upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majestyv Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, by Warrant from such Justice or Justices, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after such Forfeiture and Charges of such Distress shall be" satisfied; if any Charge shall be brought upon any Parish or Place by Means of any such Offence, the same shall be answered to the said Parish or Place by such Offender, and be levied by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels as aforesaid: if sufficient Distress cannot be found, such Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction by the Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding one Month.

XXIV. And whereas Persons are often found offending against this act, having Children with them, C whom they bring up in a dissolute Course of Life, destructive to such Children, and prejudicial to the Kingdom, in which a Race of disorderly Persons will increase, if such Children are suffered to remain with such Offenders Be. it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Child, above the Age of seven Years, shall be committed to the House of Correction as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices at the Quarter sessions, if they see convenient, at any Time before such Child be discharged, to order such Child to be placed out in such Manner as they shall think fit, as t Servant or Apprentice to any Person within their respective jurisdictions, who is willing to take such Child, to serve such Person till such Child shall arrive at the Age of twenty-one Years, or for any left Time, as to the said Justices shall seem meet: And if any Offender who was found with such Child as aforesaid, shall he again found with the same Child (which was so placed out as aforesaid) offending against this act, such Offender shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue.

XXV. And whereas Women wandering and begging, are often delivered of Children in Parishes and Places to which they do not belong, whereby they become chargeable to the same; 'Be it therefore Kow to order enacted by the Authority aforesaid. where any such Woman shall be so delivered, and becomv Wpnnen deliver chargeable, it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish o Q ffie street p^lce5 to detain such Woman in their Custody, until they can l'afcly convey her to some Justice of the Peace, who shall examine her, and commit her to the House of Correction, until the next General of Quarter sessions, who may (if they see convenient) order her to be publicly whipped, and detained ir

the

Penalty for flies tcring Vagabond s 3

Beggars with Children how to ordwtfd.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimq, septimo Georgii II.

the House of Correction, for any further Time, not exceeding six Months; and upon Application by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Place, where (he was so delivered, the Justices at such Sessions flail order the Treasurer of the County or District to pay them such a Sum of Money as shall be adjudged a reasonable Satisfaction for the Charges such Place has been put to on such woman's Account; and if such Womanshall be detained and conveyed to a Justice as aforesaid, the Child of which (he is delivered, if a llaftard, shall not be settled in the Place where lb Ijorn, nor be lent thither for Want of otlnr Settlement, by a Pass, by virtue of this Act, but the Settlement of such Woman shall be deemed the Settlement of such Child; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Persons aggrieved by any Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, in or concerning the Execution of this Act, may appeal to the next General or Quarter scfliorts of the County, Riding, Liberty or Division, giving reasonable Notice thereof, whose Order thereupon shall be final.

C 5. 521

Persons aggrieved mjy ag jjr.il to the tu X General or Quarter scfliirfs.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cities and Towns, where, by virtue ti Act not to

of special acts of Parliament the Charge of passing Vagrants is to be defrayed in other Manner than is alter the r.nm.er by this act: directed, or where such Vagrants, by virtue of special Statutes, are to be apprehended and 5

conveyed to the Places whither they are to be sent by any Person or Persons, or Officers, other than those y special ruist named for that Purpose in this act, such Charge shall be born and defrayed in such Cities and Towns,

in like Manner as before the making of this Act; aijd the Person or Officer liable to such Service in the Laid Cities and Towns, by virtue of the Paid special acts of Parliament, shall continue liable, as if this Act had never been made; and if any Person shall be delivered to a Bedel or Constable within the City or Liberties of the City of London, to be conveyed on, as directed, by this Act, the said Bedel or Constable shall not deliver such Person in any other Precinct within the said City or Liberties, but in the next County, as directed by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Persons offending How to order against this Act, have been committed as aforesaid, to the House of Correction, there to remain until the vagrants, whose next General or Quarter sessions, if upon the Examination of the Person so committed as aforesaid, no Settlements can place can be found to which they may be sent by a Pass as aforesaid, the said Justices shall at the said not e loun Sessions order such Persons to be detained and employed in the House of Correction, until they can provide

for themselves, or until the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter sessions, can place them out in sore lawful Calling, as Servants, Apprentices, Soldiers, Mariners or otherwise, either within this Realm, or his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, which the said Sessions are empowered to do in such Manner as they shall think fit.

XXIX. Provided always, That this act or anything therein contained, or any Authority thereby proviso for the given, flail not in any wise extend to disinherit, prejudice or hinder the Heirs or Assigns of John Dutton Heirs or Assigns of Dutton, late of the County of Chejlex, Esquire, deceased, their Heirs or Assigns, for, touching or con of John Dutton, cerning the Liberty, Privilege, preeminence or Authority, Jurisdiction or Inheritance, which they,

their Heirs or Assigns, now lawfully life, or have, or lawfully may, or ought to use within the County Palatine of Chester, and County of Chester, or either of them, by reason of any ancient Charters of any Kings of this Land, or by reason of any Prescription, or lawful Usage or Title whatsoever.

XXX. And for the better Execution of this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, clause concern that upon the Presentment of the Grand Jury or Grand Juries at the Affixes, Great Session, or General ing erecting cr Gaol Delivery, held for any County or Liberty, that there is no House of Correction; that it will enlarging Houses be necessary to provide one or more House or Houses of Correction in any such County, or in any Ri Correction. ding. Liberty, or Division, in any such County; or that the House or Houses of Correction already provided therein respectively, is or are not sufficient, and that it will be necessary to provide one or more House orhouses of Correction there, or that such House or Houses of Correction is or are not sufficient or convenient, or want to be enlarged; the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, being

at the General or Quarter sessions assembled, flail have full Power and Authority to build, erect, or enlarge, one or more fit or convenient House or Houses of Correction, or to buy or hire one or more fit or convenient House or Houses for that Purpose, with a convenient Backside or Outlet, or convenient back fides or Outlets thereto adjoining, or to purchase Land, and erect such House or Houses of Correction upon Part thereof, and to lay out the rest of such Land for such Backside or Backsides, Outlet or Outlets, within any such County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, according to the true Intent and Effect of such Presentment; and the said Justices, being so assembled at the General or Quarter sessions, may and shall conclude and agree upon raising such Sums of Money, as upon Examination of able and sufficient Workmen. or any other Persons, shall appear to be necessary for building, erecting, or enlarging such House or Houses of Correction, or for Purchasing or hiring a House, Houses, or Land (if thought necessary) for that Purpose: if it shall be thought necessary for that Purpose, to buy or Purchase any House, Houses, or Land, the House, Houses, or Land so purchased, shall be conveyed to such Person or Persons as the said Justices so assembled at their General or Quarter sessions, shall think (it, in Trust and for the Use and Purposes aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for any houses ofcor county, Riding, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Division, or Liberty, at their General or quarter rection 10 be u, r Sessions, shall, and are hereby required, from time to time, to take effectual Care that the Houses of the mnae correction already provided, or hereafter to be provided, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdic

iions, except such Houses of Correction as have been, or shall be erected or maintained by any particular except ibofe founder or Founders, shall be duly fitted up, furnished, and supplied with sufficient Implements, Mate maintained by

Vol. VI X X X rials, f'v2tc ur er

52

o o

C

r

D

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

ke fined for mil behaviour

t>r turned out, at the Discretion of the Justices.

rials, and Furniture for keeping, relieving, setting to work, employing, and correcting all' idle and dif orderly Persons, Rogues, Vagabonds, incorrigible Rogues, and others, who shall be sent to, confined or continued in the same; and two of the Justices of the Peace within the respective Hundreds, Divisions, or Jurisdictions, where there shall be any House or Houses of Correction, or any two Justices who shall be appointed at the General or Quarter sessions for that Purpose, shall and are hereby required to visit the same twice, or oftener if need be, in every Year and to examine into the Estate and Management thereof and to report the same to the next General or Quarter sessions; to the Intent, that if anything be amiss therein, the same may, by Older of such General or Quarter sessions, be reformed and amended; and the said Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions, shall have the like Power and Authority over the Houses of Correction to be erected or purchased by virtue of this Act, as they have by m.flctscfhouses virtue of any Law now in Force, over those already erected and provided; and further, that if the said <jt Concclion to Governors or Masters of the said Houses of Correction shall not fetor keep the said idle and disorderly V r, m, i. persons, Rogues, Vagabonds, or incorrigible Rogues to hard Labour, and punish and correct them according to the Directions of the Warrants or Orders by which they shall be committed to, or detained in their Custody, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves, or be defective, remiss, or negligent in their Duty; the said Justices, at their said General or Quarter sessions, are hereby required to set and impose such Fines and Penalties upon them, as they shall think fit and convenient, in the same Manner as Fines and Penalties may be set and imposed on Governors or Masters of Houses of Correction, for the Neglect 7 Jac. r. C 4. therein mentioned, by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the due Execution of diverse Laws and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabonds, and Sturdy Beggars, and other lewd and idle Persons; which Fines and Penalties shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, and shall be accounted for by him as Part of the Public or County Stock; and the said Justices at their respective General or Quarter sessions, may from time to time appoint and remove the Governor or Governors, Master or Masters, or other Officers of such Houses of Correction, and make such Orders and Regulations as they shall think fit, for the better governing and regulating of the said Houses of Correction, and for employing, relieving, and punishing the Persons therein, or for sending them to or from thence, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Order or Orders of such Justices shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, and no Certiorari shall be granted for the Removal of the same: And in Case the Person or Persons removed by Order of any General or Quarter sessions, shall refuse or neglect to quit the Possession of such House of Correction, from whence he or they are ordered to be removed, for the Space of ten Days next after Notice given him or them in Writing by the Clerk of the Peace; it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place (upon producing to them such Order of Sessions, or an attested Copy thereof, and upon Oath made before them by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, of such Notice having been given to the Person or Persons so removed, and of his or their having refused or neglected to quit Possession) by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to direct the Sheriff of the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, to remove him or them out of such House of Correction, and he is hereby authorised and required to clear the Possession thereof, in like Manner as upon a Writ of Habere facias possessionem.

XXXII. And whereas Doubts have arisen, and may arise, where Authority is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, to commit Offenders to the House of Correction for Offences cognizable before them, out of the General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, how long Offenders may be there de tained, and, in what Manner treated, where the Time and Manner of their Punishment is not by Law ' expressly directed, limited, or appointed; Re it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, by virtue of any Law now in being, or hereafter to be made, and the Time and Manner of their Punishment is not exprefty limited, directed and appointed, the said Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour until the next General or Quarter sessions, or until discharged by due Course of Law; and it shall and may be lawful for two Justices (of which the Justice who committed such Offender to be one) to discharge the said Offender before the said Sessions, if they see Cause; if he shall not be so discharged, the said Sessions may either discharge him, or continue him in Custody for such Time as they shall see fit, not exceeding three Months.

XXXIII. And to defray the Expenses of apprehending, passing, conveying, and maintaining Rogues, Vagabonds, and incorrigible Rogues, and likewise the Expenses of erecting, purchasing, hiring enlarging, altering, and repairing Houses of Correction, and of purchasing Land to erect them upon, and for Backsides and Outlets, and of sitting up and furnishing such Houses of Correction, and of sending Persons to and from the same, and employing them there, according to the Directions of this Act, and for

Justices to raift defraying all other Expenses necessary for the Execution of this Act, not herein before provided for; Be Momy to defray it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace at the General or quarter ah Expenses by Sessions, may and shall cause such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for all or any of the Purposes Rates asdtrefled aforesaid, to be raised in the same Manner as Rates are directed to be raised by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the snore easy ajpj/ing, collecting and levying tf County Rates.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued for any Matter or Thing which he or they shall do in Execution of this Act, he or they may plead the General (flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defen 11 dant, or the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Suit, the Defendant may recover Treble

Costs;

i^ower of Justices in committing Offenders.

by 12 Geo. 2. c. 29

[Treble Costs.]

Onerrff I (Tut.

Costs; that this Act shall be deemed to commence from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and from that Time an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and difor derly Persons, and for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for er citing, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction, shall be, and his hereby repealed; but till the Acts therein mentioned to be repealed, are hereby declared to be repealed, and continue repealed.

Ad 13 Geo. 2. c. 14. repealed. See further 2 5 Geo 2. c. 36. ard 26 Geo. 2. r. 3;

CAP. VI.

An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

WHEREAS this Nation is threatened with an Invasion by a French Power, in concert with dif ' \\ aft efted Persons at Home, to the Subversion of the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liber

ties of this Kingdom For the better Preservation of his Majesty's Sacred Person, and for securing the Peace of the Kingdom in this Time of imminent Danger, Be it enacted, ts'e.

"Persons in Prison may be detained fortreason, or Suspicion, Isfc. until 29 April 1744. Act against "Imprisonments in Scotland suspended. Proviso for Privilege of Parliament."

CAP. VII.

An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to - be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient, that no Person or Persons is or are empowered to grant Commissions for the taking and swearing of Affidavits, to be read and made use of in the

Court of Chancery of and for the County Palatine ot Lancaster, and in the Courts of Session held in

and for the said County Palatine before his Majesty's Justices, as well of Pleas of the Crown, as of Common Pleas, and all Manner of Pleas whatsoever within the said County Palatine, in the several Matters and Causes depending in the said Courts respectivelyfor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or his Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine for the Time being, shall and may, by one or more Commission or Commissions under the Seal of the said County Palatine' from time to time, as Need shall require, empower what and as many Persons as shall be thought fit and necessary to take and swear all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits, as any v1c3'

Person or Persons shall be willing and desirous to make before any of the Persons so empowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or any wise concerning any of the Proceedings to be in any of the said Courts, as Masters of Chancery in extraordinary

do use to do; which said Affidavits taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the several and respective Offices

of the said Courts the same do concern; and the same shall and may be read and made use of in the said

respective Courts, to all Intents and Purposes, as other Affidavits taken in the said Courts now are;

and that all and every Affidavit and Affidavits taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same Force as Affidavits

taken in the said respective Courts now are; and all and every Person and Persons forswearing him, her

or themselves in such Affidavit or Affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same Penalties, as if such

Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and taken in open Court: Which said Commissions shall be made

out by the Cursitors of the said County Palatine, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Chancellor or

Vice Chancellor; and the said Cursitors shall cause Entries to be made in a Book to be kept for that Purpose of the Names of the Persons to whom such Commissions are from time to time granted, and the respective Times when issued; the following Fees shall be paid for each Commission, and

no more; to wit, the Sum of two Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant, the Sum of four Shillings for Fees for taking

making out the said Commission, besides the King's Duty, and the Value of the Parchment, and the Sum Commission

four Shillings for Sealing the same; and every Commissioner, or Person so empowered, shall take

and receive for the Swearing of every Affidavit before him, the Sum or See of one Shilling and no more.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That such Officers of the said Courts respectively as Provisoi have heretofore taken or sworn Affidavits, shall and may continue so to do in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

For'former Laws concerning Lan- caper refer tb 33 H, 6. C 2,

37 H, 3. C 1 g.

5 6 Ed. 6.

C 26. 2 £? 3

P. M. C 20.

Chancellor of the Duchy miy give Commissions to take Affida

1744.

524 C 8 — 11. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to prevent the committing of Abuses in the weighing and packing of Butter, in the Town and Borough of New Malton in the County of York.

PR.

WHEREAS great Quantities of Butter made and produced in several Parts of the County of fork, are brought into the Town and Borough of New Mahon, where there is a navigable River, in order to be from thence transported beyond the Seas, and otherwise sold and disposed of:

And whereas there hath been for Time out of Mind a free Market for Butter within the said Town and Borough of Neu Malton; but there is not (as in some other adjacent Markets) any particular Place provided and appointed within the said Town and Borough, to which such Butter shall be brought, in order to be searched, weighted and sealed before the same be sold at the said Market; and for want of which, great Frauds and Impositions have been made and committed by several Farmers, Dairymen and other Persons trading in Butter, which hath tended to the Disparagcment of the said Commodity,

in the Markets both at Home and Abroad, and to the great Prejudice of the fair Dealer, and of the Butter Trade in general: 'Wherefore for preventing such Frauds and Abuses for the future, and for the better encouraging the said Butter Trade; may it please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Request of the Borough Bailiff, and Inhabitants of the said Borough of New Malton., and of several other Persons residing near the said Borough, that it may be enacted, &c.

"Borough Bailiff to appoint the Place where the Market is to be kept. Duty for searching, weighing, C Penalty for not bringing Butter to Market. Officer for searching, C to be appointed by the "Bailiff."

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow bu/h Common, in the Parish of Harlow in the county of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Ckejlerford in the said County. PR.:

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. X

An Act for enlarging the Terrri and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill in the County of Gloucester.

PR.

The Act Geo. 2. c. 23. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XI.

An for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the mt nifters of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals and Mailers of the univer fuies of Saint Andrew's, Glasgow and Edinburgh.

Amended by

WHEREAS the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the ai Geo. i. c.ii.'1 y, Heads, Principals and Mailers, in the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, C are often left in indigent Circumstances, without any Provision for their Subsistence or Educations And whereas all the charitable Designs, that have hitherto been proposed for the Relief of such Widows

and Orphans, have proved ineffectual: And whereas the general Assembly of the Church of Scotland,

after Confutation had with all the Ministers of the said Church, did, by their Act dated the twenty

Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, approve of a Plan or Method for provi

ding for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, whereby the said Mini

fters are to pay out of their Stipends; at their Option, some one of the annual Rates following, vide Two Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, or three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence,

or five Pounds five Shillings, or six Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be applied to the Payment of life rent Annuities to the respective Widows of such Mini

amounitng to ten Pounds, or fifteen Pounds, or twenty Pounds, or twenty-five Pounds, of like

Money, in Proportion to such of the said annual Rates as they shall respectively have paid; and also to the making Provision respectively for the Children of the said Ministers, amounting to the Sum of

one hundred Pounds, or of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or of two hundred Pounds, or of two hun

and fifty Pounds of like Money, and in the like Proportion: And whereas it was intended by the aforesaid Act of Assembly, that the Heads, Principals and Masters of the four Universities in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be comprehended in the aforesaid charitable Design, provided that the said Universities did agree thereto: And whereas the University of Edinburgh did apply to the said General Assembly, and the Universities of Saint Andrew's and Glasgow did severally apply to

the Commission of the General Assembly, that their respective Heads, Principals and Masters might be

comprehended in the said intended charitable Design: whereas the said charitable Design cannot be effectually carded into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please your

Bioft 0

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. ri. 525

most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma' '

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty tilth Mmlftot nm

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, every Minister, who shall be ordained and ad < f im

mitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, and every Person who fh.dl be admitted as Head, Pririci

pal or Matter, in any of the said Universities of Saint Andrew's, Glasgow nd Edinburgh, and who was annua'.

not on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, a mini fter having Right to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or a Head, Principal or Matter in any of the said Universities of Saint Andrew's, glaj gow or Edinburgh, shall be subject and liable to one or other of the annual Rates following, videlicet, either to the Sum of two Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, or of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, or of five Pounds five Shillings, or of Six Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, and proportionally for an naif Year, payable at the Terms after mentioned, and in the Option of the said Milliners, Heads, Principals and other Matters respectively, to be made within the Time, and in the Manner herein after directed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Minister, who shall be ordained and When tale admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, and every Person who shall be admitted to the Ofjk. wi

Head, Principal or Matter, in any of the said three Universities, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and who was no: before entitled to such Benefice or Office, shall at the Term of Candlemas next after his Admission, and after he hath enjoyed and had Right to his Benefice or Salary respectively for one whole Year, make Payment of one year's Rate, and so from thenceforth yearly, at the said Term of Candlemas during his Life; and in case he, at the Term of Candlemas next after his Admission, hath or shall have enjoyed and had Right to his said Benefice or Salary respectively, only for one half year, he shall only be liable at the said first Term of Candlemas to the Payment of one Half of the said yearly Rate, and to the full year's Rate at the Term of Candlemas next thereafter; and to the like Rate yearly at each Term of Candlemas, during his Life; all which Rates shall be paid to the General Collector or Receiver herein after appointed at his Office in Edinburgh.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Ministers of the Church of Scotland, when Half or the Heads, Principals or other Matters in the aforesaid three Universities, shall at their respective Rates only are Deaths, have only Right to one Half of the Benefice or Salary of that Year in which they happen to die, to be paid, that one half of the said yearly Rate shall be payable for that Year, out of their Benefice or Salary, to the General Collector or Receiver herein after mentioned, at his Office in Edinburgh, at the Term of Candlemas which shall be first after the Death of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals or Masters respectively;

and the other Half shall be payable by those having Right to the Ann, or where no Ann is due, by the Heirs and Executors of the Minister, Head, Principal or Masterin the said three Universities respectively, who was liable to the said yearly Rate during his Life, in the Manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister who shall be ordained, or ad Rules for the

mitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, and every Head, Principal or other Master, who shall be Mmiften or admitted into any of the said three Universities after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand X

seven hundred and forty-four, shall make his Election of one of the four above-mentioned yearly Rates, Joe oi Rates!

to which he chooses to be subject during his Life, by a Writing signed by him, addressed to the Trustees herein after appointed, and which he shall deliver or cause to be delivered at the General Collector or receiver's Office at Edinburgh, on or before the first Term of Candlemas, that shall bs after the said Minister of the Church of Scotland, or Head, Principal or other Master in the said three Universities, shall have Right to one half year's Benefice or Salary; and in Default of giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, such Minister, Head, Principal or Master respectively, neglecting to give Notice as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to have made his Election of the annual Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, and shall be liable to the aforesaid Rate accordingly during his Life.

V. Provided always, That the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, whose Benefices are situated in the Rules for the Western or in the Northern Hies of Scotland, shall be allowed to make their Election in the Manner afore Ministers in the said, at any Time before the Term of Candlemas, which shall be next after they respectively shall have y'ftnor' had Right to the Benefice for one Year and a Half; and in Default of their making their Election within Sea" ijcsot that Time, they shall be subjected to the aforesaid yearly Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and

nine Pence.

[Proviso.]

VI. Provided also, That the said Ministers shall, at the next Term of Candlemas after they shall have made their Election, or in Default of making such Election as aforesaid, make Payment of the annual Rates to which theyjare respectively subjected, and which shall have become due at the said Term.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister who now is entitled Ministers and to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, and every Person who now enjoys the Office of Head, Principal, n t!'c or Master, in any of the said three Universities of Saint Andrew's, Glasgow or Edinburgh, or who shall be Notice Vt 8 admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or to any of the aforesaid Offices of Head, Principal or flees wuhm fct Master, in any of the said three Universities, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thou Months.

sand seven hundred and forty-four, shall within six Calendar Months after the said twenty-fifth Day of March give Notice by a Writing signed by him, addressed to the Trustees herein after appointed, which he shall deliver or cause to be delivered, at their General Collector or receiver's Office in Edinburgh, that he will not be subject to any of the yearly Rates above-mentioned, or will subject himself to one or other of the said yearly Rates, declaring which of them he chooses to be subject to; and in Default of such Notice, every such Minister of the Church of Scotland, and every such Head, Principal or Master, in any of the said three Univeruties} neglecting to give Notice as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to have made I iiss

526 C

i r.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 17

Minister9 In the West and Northern Hies, in x8 Months. When the Rates are to be paid

744*

his Election, and to be subject to the annual Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence during his Life.

VIII. Provided always, That the Ministers in the Western and Northern Isles of Scotland, may give Notice as aforesaid, at any Time within eighteen Calendar Months after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven handled and forty-four.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and the present Heads, Principals and Matters of the aforesaid three Universities; or who shall be admitted Ministers of the said Church, or Heads, Principals or Matters in any of the said threeuni Versities on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and who shall be subject to any of the aforesaid annual Rates, by giving or neglecting to give Notice as aforesaid, shall pay their first year's Rate to the General Collector or Receiver, to be appointed in the Manner herein after directed, at his Office in Edinburgh, at the Term of Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and so from thenceforth yearly thereafter, at each Term of Candlemas, during their Life; and if such Minister, Head, Principal or Master, shall have Right only to one Half of the Benefice or Salary of the Year in which he dies, the half year's Rate, payable by such Minister, Head, Principal of other Master, shall be paid to the General Collector or Receiver herein after mentioned, at his Office in Edinburgh., at the first: Term of Candlemas after his Death, and the other Half shall be payable out of the Ann, or by his or their Heirs or Executors, in Manner after mentioned: And every such Minister, Head, Principal or Master, shall be liable for the first Year to an additional Sum, equal to the yearly Rate to which he shall be subjected, which shall be paid to the General Collector or Receiver, to be appointed in Manner herein after directed, at his Office in Edinburgh, at the Term of Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

X Provided always, That the Ministers in the Western and Northern Isles of Scotland, who noware, or who shall be admitted to a Benefice in the said Church, before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty fodr, shall pay their double Rate for the first Year and their annual Rate for the second Year, at the Term of Candlemas, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ministers of the Church of Scotland, or such Heads, Principals or Masters in any of the said Universities, as are or shall be ordained or admitted

Marrit' eel 3^Assistants and Successors to the Minister, or to the Head, Principal or Master, having Right to the be righto a full nefice or Salary respectively, shall as to all the Purposes of this act, be held as admitted to a Benefice Benefice. in the Church of Scotland, or to an Office in any of the said Universities, only from the Time that any such Assistant is or shall be married, or when he shall come to have Right to the full Benefice or Salary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and every Head, Principal and Master in any of the said three Universities, who shall be admitted into the said Benefice or Office respectively, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and who is or shall be married, shall in respect of his Marriage, be subject and liable to a Sum equal to his annual Rate, and to the like sum for each succeeding Marriage: Which Sums, payable in respect of the Marriage of a Minister of the said Church, Head, Principal or Master in any of the said three Universities, final I be paid over and above the annual Rate itself, at the first Term of Candlemas, which shall be one full Year after such Marriage, and his Admission into the said Benefice or Office respectively, to the General Collector or Receiver herein after appointed, at his Office in Edinburgh.

Minister, C

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of scot subject to several land, and every Head, Principal and Master, in any of the said three Universities, that now is, or who marr'a^/s f&cra' be admitted on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty arr.ages, C four an(j wj, 0 stall become subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, and who shall marry after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, shall respectively be liable to a Sum equal to his yearly Rate in respect of his Marriage, and to the like Sum for every Marriage after; which respective Sums shall be paid, over and above the respective annual. Rates, at the first Term of Candlemas, which shall he one full Year after such respective Marriages, to the General Collector or Receiver herein after appointed, at his Office in Edinburgh.

XIV. Provided always, That if any Minister of the said Church, Head, Principal or Master in the said Universities, shall happen to marry a Widow entitled to an Annuity in pursuance of this Add; - such Minister, Head, Principal or Master, shall not be subject to the Payment of any Sum in respect of such Marriage.

Penalty on Neg

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Ministers of the Church of scot lea of paying the land, or any of the Heads, Principals or Masters in the said three Universities, shall neglect to pay the an rates' nual or other rates due by them respectively, at the Terms herein before appointed; such Minister of the Church, 2nd such Head, Principal or Master in any of the said Universities, neglecting to pay as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the lawful Interest of such Sums remaining unpaid by him or them respectively, from and after the respective Terms of Payment.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of any Minister of the Church of Scotland, or of any Head, Principal or Master in any of the said three Universities, who was subject to one of the yearly Rates above-mentioned, a Sum equal to one Half of his yearly Rate shall be due and payable for the half Year immediately after his Death, by those who have a Right to the Ann, where the Ann is by Law competent; and where 110 Ann is competent, the same shall be paid by his Heirs and Executors.

Proviso;

Assistants, C to be held administer,

caster Matrijge Hull; be subject to a Sum equal to his annual Rate

Proviso

What shall be paid on the Peath of a mi flifter, Sic.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. it. 527

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Benefice of the Church of rt on V Scotland, and every Office of Head, Principal or Mailer in any of the said three Universities that are canci, >. now vacant, or that shall become vacant, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, hall be subject and liable to the Sum of five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Half Year that tyre Vacancy hall continue; and every such Benefice and Office that shall become vacant after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four,

shall be subject and liable to the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings of like Money, for every Half Year during such Vacancy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates before mentioned, pay To whom the able out of the Ann and vacant Benefices of the Church of Scotland, shall be paid to the Presbytery, ries are to be within whose Bounds the Benefices respectively lie, or to the Collector to be by them appointed, by the

Heritors and others liable to the Payment of the Ann, and of the vacant Stipends respectively; and the said respective Presbyterics are hereby impowered and required to levy the aforesaid Rates, payable in rc f|test of the Ann, and of the vacant Benefices within their Bounds; and to pay the same to the General Collector or Receiver, to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, at his Office in Edinburgh, within six Calendar Months after the Ann and vacant Stipendsshall be due and payable.

[Proviso.]

XIX. Provided always, That the Presbyteries in the Western and Northern lllcs of Scotland shall be allowed twelve Calendar Months, for paying in to the General Collector or Receiver, at his Office in Edinburgh, the respective Sums due out of the Ann and vacant Stipends within their Bounds, from the respective Times at which the Ann and vacant Stipends are payable.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Sums payable by the Where there representatives of the Heads, Principals, or Mailers, in the said three Universities, in respect to the presentatiees of Half Year, immediately after the Death of any of the Members of the said Universities, subject to any > deceased ma of the yearly Rates above-mentioned, and the Sums payable in respect of the vacant Salaries in the said vwai»t sai»pib Universities, shall be paid by the Representatives of the deceased Member of the said University, and by

those liable to the Payment of the vacant Salaries respectively, to the University of which he was a Member, and where the Vacancy is; and the said Universities respectively are hereby empowered and required to levy the Sums due by the Representatives of their deceased Member, and out of the said vacant Salaries; and to pay or cause the same to be paid to the General Collector or Receiver, at his Office in edinburgh, to be appointed in the Manner herein after directed, within six Calendar Months after the de cease of their Member, and after the said vacant Salaries shall from time to time fall due.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid annual Rates, and Applicatloirof other Sums, payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the Heads, Principals and Maf Money, ters in the aforesaid three Universities, and the Sums payable by the Representatives, and out of the Ann,

or otherwise, and also the Sums payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries in the Manner herein before directed, shall be applied by Order and Direction of the Trustees herein after named, and their successors, to the Uses and Purposes after mentioned, videlicet; In the first Place, there shall be paid a Sum not exceeding two hundred and ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain yearly, for the Salaries of the General Collector or Receiver, and the Clerk to be chosen in the Manner herein after directed; and

in the second Place, after Payment of the said Salaries, the Remainder of the said several Sums aforesaid, shall be applied to the Payment of an Annuity to the Widow of every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal or Master in any of the said three Universities, who hath been subject and liable to one or other of the annual Rates above-mentioned, in Proportion to the Rate to which the respective widow's deceased Husband was liable in Manner following; that is to say, If the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of two Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, his Widow shall be entitled to an Annuity of ten Pounds; and if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of three Manner of

Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, his Widow shall be entitled to an Annuity of fifteen Pounds; pa>'ms !he

and if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of five Pounds five Shillings, his Widow shall be inti allnulj" tied to an Annuity of twenty Pounds; and if the husband's annual Rate was six Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, his widow's Annuity shall be twenty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which respective Annuities shall be computed to commence from the first Term of ivbitfiindciy or Mar'which shall be one full Half Vear after the husband's Death; and shall from thenceforth be due at each Term of Whitsunday and Martinmas, b r equal Portions; and the first year's or Plalf year's Annuity respectively shall be payable at the first Term of whitsunday, which shall be a full Year or a full Half Year respectively after the Commencement of the said Annuity; and the said Annuity shall so continue payable yearly at the said Term of Whitsunday, during the widow's Life, and her continuing un onn" y1tj0^>scl' married; and upon her Death or Marriage, her said Annuity shall cease to be due for any Terms that Death or shall happen after her Death or Marriage. Marriage.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of If no Widow, Scotland, and every Head, Principal, or Master in any of the said three Universities, who shall have been a Sum to be di subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, and who shall die, not leaving a Widow, but one ckus amonb ths or more Children, such Child or Childrenshall be entitled to a Sum equal to ten Years Annuity, thatl>1 rn would have been payable to their father's Widow; which Sum, in case there be more Children than

one, shall be equally divided amongst them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Widow of any. Minister of of Widows dy the Church of Scotland, or of any Head, Principal, or Master in any of the said three Universities, inti ing or marrying, tied to an Annuity as aforesaid, shall happen to die or to be married, before the Lapse of ten Years after nd of ohiidien the Commencement of her Annuity, and whole Husband shall have left a Child or Children, who at the under

528 C 11

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

When the Children shall be paid thsir Sums.

Disposition of the Surpluses.

On Receipt of the Money, mi nifter, C to (execute a Deed.

Receiver hall pay the Money to successors in office, who shall execute a Deed.

Vacant Salaries Aj bj eft to Interest ot themonej received at I, percent,

Yearly Rates hail be privileged Debts.

said widow's Death or Marriageshall be under the Age of sixteen Years, such Child or Children under the Age of sixteen Years, hall be entitled to such a Sum of Money as shall be equal to ten Years of the said widow's Annuity, deducting so much thereof as shall have been received by the Widow; which Sum shall be equally divided among the said Children if there happen to be more than one Child.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions due to the Children of Ministers of the Church of Scotland, or to the Children of the Heads, Principals, or Masters in the said three Universities, upon the Death of their respective Fathers, or upon the Death or Marriage of his Widow, and which shall become due after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and before or on the Term of Martinmas, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, shall be payable at the Term of whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and the Provisions that shall become due to such Children after the Term of Martinmas one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and before or on the Term of Martinmas one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall be paid at the Term of whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and foin all Time to come, the Provisions that shall become due to the Children after one Term of Martinmas, and before or on another, shall be payable at the Term of whitsunday next following.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus of the said annual Rates, and of the other Sums, payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the Heads, Principals, and Masters in the said three Universities, and by their r.efpebtive Representatives, and out of the Ann, or otherwise, and out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries irf Manner aforesaid, after Payment of the annual Expense of Management, and of the Annuities payable to the Widows, and of the Provisions payable to the Children in Manner above directed, shall at the Term of whitsunday yearly, be lent out to the Ministers of the Church ef Scotland, and to the Heads, Principals, and Masters in the said three Universities, who shall have become subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates in Manner herein before mentioned, to the Amount of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to each Minister of the said Church, and to each Head, Principal, and Master in the said three Universities (which mi nifter, Head, Principal, or Master, is hereby obliged to receive the same) in such Order as hall from time to time be appointed by an Act or Acts of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland; and in Default of such Appointment, in such Order as the trustees herein after named shall direct; until every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and every Head, Principal, and other Master in the said three Universities, who shall have become subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, shall have received the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Receipt of the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds, the Minister of the Church of Scotland, and the Head, Principal, or Master in any of the said three Universities so receiving the same, shall respectively execute a Deed, obliging himself, his Heirs, Executors and Successors, that upon his ceasing to have Right to the Benefice or Office, in respect whereof he had received the aforesaid Sum, whether by Translation or Promotion, Deprivation or Resignation, Death, or any other Manner or Way, he shall repay the aforesaid Sum of thirty pounds to the General Collector or Receiver, to be appointed in Manner herein after directed, at his Office at Edinburgh, with lawful Interest for the same, from the Term of whitsunday or Martinmas, immediately preceding his ceasing to have Right to his Benefice or Office respectively during the Nonpayment; and further obliging himself and his aforesaid Heirs, Executors and Successors, to pay the Interest of the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the said General Collector or Receiver, at the Term of Candlemas yearly, at his Office at Edinburgh, from and after his Receipt of the aforesaid Sum, during his continuing in Possession of the Benefice or Office re speblivety, in respect whereof he received the same.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver, receiving the aforesaid thirty Pounds from a Minister of the said Church, or from a Head, Principal, or Master in any of the said three Universities, or from their Heirs respectively, hall pay the same over to their respective Successors in Office, who are hereby obliged to receive the same, and who shall execute a Deed for Repayment of the principal Sum and Interest, in the same Form and Manner as with respect to their Predecessors in Office is above directed.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time that any Minister of the Church of Scotland, or any Head, Principal, or Master in any of the said three Universities shall have received the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds, the vacant Stipend or Salary of such Minister, Head, Principal or Master respectively, shall be subject to the Interest of the said Sum of thirty Pounds, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the foresaid yearly Rates, and other Sums, payable by the present and future Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the present and future Heads, Principals and Masters in the said three Universities, and the foresaid Rates payable by the Heirs and Executors of the said Heads, Principals and Masters in the aforesaid Universities, and the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds to be delivered to the said Ministers, and to the Heads, Principals and Masters in the said three Universities, with the Interest thereof, shall be privileged Debts, and preferable to all other Debts of the said Ministers, and of the Heads, Principals or Masters in the said Universities, not only upon their Benefices and Salaries respectively, but also upon their whole other Personal Estate; and that the aforesaid Rates, payable out of the Ann and vacant Benefices and Salaries respectively, shall be a preferable Debt and Burden upon the Ann and vacant Benefices and Salaries, to all other Debts and Burdens; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. ir. 529

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the L U'c f, r said General Collector or Receiver, at the Sight and Direction of the Trustees herein after named, and tu' lons> their Successors, to retain and deduct from the Annuity due to the Widow, or from the Provisions due

to the Children of any Minister of the Church, or of any Head, Principal or Mailer in any of the said three Universities, such Sum or Sums as shall be due by the respective deceased Husband or Father, or hir Heirs and Executors, and which have not been or cannot be recovered from the Deceased, upon the said General Collector or receiver's making over his Claim and Demand upon the Deceased, and his Heirs and Executors, with all the Privileges and Preferences thereunto belonging, in Favour of the Widow and Children respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after every Minister of the Church vun re rr

of Scotland, and every Head, Principal or Master in any of the said three Universities' who have become j'luircs ftail h subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, shall have received the aforesaid Sum of thirty jv'ju'

Pounds from the yearly Surplusses in Manner before directed, all future Surpluses shall from time to time ' '*'r' "

be lent out upon proper Security, so as the same may yield an Interest not under four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until a Capital be made up of thirty-five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, over and above the Sums lent to Ministers, and to the Heads, Principals and Masters in the said three Universities, to the Amount of thirty Pounds each as aforesaid, which Capital being so made up, there shall be it further Increase of the Capital, but the Surplusses arising in anyone Year, computing the.

Year from Martinmas to Martinmas as aforesaid, shall at the Jf'lntfunday when such Surpluses shall arise, be divided proportionably amongst all the Children of the Ministers of the said Church, and of the Heads,

Principals and Masters in the said three Universities, who in respect of the Death of their Father, or the Death or Marriage of his Widow within that Year, shall be then entitled to receive their Provisions.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the aforesaid Capital of thirty 11 the Capital be five thousand Pounds, and Sum of thirty Pounds, lent to each Minister in the Church, and each Head, diminished, !t Principal and Master in the said three Universities as aforesaid, shall hereafter happen to be diminished, h131^ up either by the Insolvency of Debtors, or by any other Accident whatsoever, such Diminution shall from

time to time be made up by after surplusses, in the same Manner as the original Capital and Sums aforesaid were raised and lent out.

[Proviso.]

XXXIII. Provided always, That the Capital shall at no Time exceed the aforesaid Sum of thirty-five thousand Pounds, and the Sum of thirty Pounds lent to each Minister, and to each Head, Principal and "

Master in the said three Universities as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said Capital of thirty Directions, if

five thousand Pounds is raised, in the whle or in Part, if in any Year the Charge of Management, and 'he annual the Annuities to the Widows, and the Provisions to the Children, shall exceed the annual Income, no she^lncoms" Encroachment shall upon that Account be made upon the Capital; but such Deficiency shall first affect -

Childrens Provisions in the Order of Time in which they become due by the Death of their Father,

or by the Death or Marriage of his Widow; and the Children entitled to Provisions in the same Year, shall be preferred and receive their Provisions according to the Priority of their father's Death, or of his widow's Death or Marriage; and in the next Place such Deficiency shall affect the Annuities of the Widows proportionably.

XXXV. Provided always, That such Nonpayment of and deduction from the Childrens Provisions, Proviso Widows Annuities respectively, shall be made good out of the first and readied of the annual Produce of the! succeeding Year or Years, in the Order above-mentioned; that is, after Payment of the annual Expense of Management, the Widows Annuities unpaid in the preceding Year, shall be paid and made good in the first Place; and afterwards the Widows Annuities of the current Year and after those

the Childrens Provisions of the former Year, according to the Priority of the Death of their Fathers, or of the Death or Marriage of their Fathers Widows.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Minister of the Minifies being a

Church of Scotland, entitled to a Benefice, is also a Head, Principal or Master in any of the said three universities, and thereby entitled to a Salary, such Minister, who is also a Member of any of the said to one

Universities, shall not be liable to double Rates; but shall be only liable to one Rate in respect of both a'e a y' Offices.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church Minister, cof Scotland, and every Head, Principal and Master in any of the said three Universities, becoming liable to bj MU?

to one.or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, shall continue subject thereunto during Life, notwithstand though taceafes log that he cease to be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal or Master in any of the said to be Minister; Universities, by Resignation, Deprivation or any other Manner or Way; and his Widow or Children and his Widow shall continue entitled to their respective Provisions herein before settled, notwithstanding that her Huf ?ni children band, or their Father, was not at the Time of his Death possessed of any Benefice in the Church, or oflntltledi any Office or Salary in any of the said three Universities.

XXXVIII. And be it further cnaifted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Reverend Master Neil Names of Mf Vicear, one of the Ministers of the West Church; Master James jvalker, one of the Ministers of the Trustees' Cannongate; Master John Gotudic, Profelfur of Divinity in the University of Edinburgh, Master George Fordice, Minister at Cajlerphin; Master Thomas Pitcairn, one of the Ministers of the jveji Church; Master

James Stephenson, one of the Ministers of South Leith, Master George Lindsay, Minister at North Leith,

Master William Atkin, one of the Ministers of South Lieth, Master George Gibson, Minister at Codington,

Master David Mowbray, Minister at Currie; Master John Jardin, Minister at Liberton, Master Hush

Who mny be defied Trustees.

Ministers, ac. Heeled after the 25th of March 4744, shall be Trustees.

All Ministers Officers in the Universities of Saint Andrew and Glasgow, and subject to the Rates shall be Trustees. Ministers clave Liberty of refusing.

Particular Trainees to be elected lur one Year.

refusal to be no tify'd to the Presbytery or tj/liverfity.

Power of True /tecs.

C 11. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Blair, one of the Ministers of the Carmongate; Doctor william jvijhart, Principal of the University of Edinburgh; Mailer John Mathiefon, Mailer william Gujlart, Mailer william Robertson, Mailer John Hepburn, Mailer Robert Wallace, Mailer George jvijhart, Mailer Alexander ivebjler, Ministers of Edingburgh, being all Members of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for levying and receiving the respective annual Rates, and other Sums, payable by virtue of this Act, and for issuing the same for the Purposes herein before expressed, and for lending out the Surpluses to the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and to the Members of the aforesaid Universities, in the Manner herein before directed, and for raising the aforesaid Capital of thirty-five thousand Pounds by Loans, to be made at an Interest not less than four Pounds per Centum per Annujn, to any person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and for uplifting the aforesaid Capital, in Whole or in Part, and re employing the same from time to time, and for putting in Execution all other the Powers in and by this Act given during their continuing in their said Benefices and Offices.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every other Minister of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and every Mailer in the University of Edinburgh, that now is, or shall hereafter be admitted into any of the said Benefices or Offices, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and who shall be subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees for the Execution of this Act, during their continuing in their respective Benefices and Offices, unless such Minister in the said Presbytery, or Mailer in the said University, shall, within six Calendar Months from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, give Notice by a Writing signed by him, addressed to the said Trustees, and which he shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the General collector.or receiver's Office in Edinburgh, declaring that he declines to accept of the said Trull.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ministers of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and all Heads, Principals, and Mailers in the said University of Edinburgh, who shall be admitted into their respective Benefices or Offices after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the Execution of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, having an Office in any of the said Universities of Saint Andrew's and Glasgow, and every Minister in any of the Presbyteries Seats in Scotland, who shall be subject to any one of the aforesaid annual Rates, shall be, and is hereby appointed a Trustee for the Execution of this Act, during their continuing in their said respective Benefices and Offices.

XLII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the aforesaid Ministers possessed of Offices in the said Universities of Saint Andrew's and Glasgow, and to the said Ministers in the Presbytery Seats, to refuse and decline to accept of the said Trust, so as such Refusal be notified by a Deed in Writing, signed by the said Ministers respectively, and given in to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk, to be appointed in Manner herein after directed, within six Calendar 1 Months after they have respectively become liable to one or other of the Annual Rates before mentioned, and their Admission to an Office in any of the said Universities, or becoming Ministers in Presbytery Seats.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, it shall and may be lawful for every Presbytery in Scotland (the Presbytery oi Edinburgh excepted) annually to elect one of their Number, who is subject to one or other of the annual Rates before mentioned, to be a Trustee for one Year, commencing from the first Day of May yearly: And that it shall and may be lawful to each of the said Universities of Saint Andrew's and Glasgow, annually to elect two of their Number, not being Ministers, who are or shall be subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, to be Trustees for one Year, commencing from the said first Day of May yearly; and ending upon the first Day of May the Year following.

XLIV. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said Annual Trustees, to be elected by the Presbyteries and Universities respectively, to refuse to accept or aft in the said Offices, so as such Refusal be notified to the respective Presbyteries or Universities at the Time of Election, if the Trustee elect le present; or else at the next Meeting of the Presbytery or University respectively, after the Election shall come to his or their Knowledge.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any nine of them, whereof six to be Ministers of the Church of Scotland, shall and may execute all the Powers committed to them by this Act; and that, for this End, their first Meeting shall be on the second Tuesday'vn. April one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, between the Hours of ten and twelve in the Forenoon, in the old Church loe of Edinburgh, with Power to the said Trustees, or any nine of them as aforesaid, to < hoofe one of their Number to be Presses, and with Power to adjourn themselves from time to time, to such 'i'imes and Places as they shall see Cause; and that they shall thereafter have four stated regular Meetings yearly, upon the second Tuesday in the Month of May; the second Tuesday in the Month of November; the second Turf lay in the Month of February; and the second Tuesday in the Month of March, in the said old: Church Ilie, Detween the Hours often and twelve in the Forenoon, with Power to choose a Presses, and; to adjourn themselves as aforesaid: that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Presses of the last Meeting of the said Trustees, or in his Absence, the Moderator of the Presbytery of Edinburgh for the time being (such Moderator being a Trustee) or in his Absence the eldest Minister of the City of Edht

burgh.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 11. 531

burgh, who is, or hall then be a Trustee, to call other Meetings of the said Trustees, ars occasion hall require, at such Times and Places as he shall judge proper: and the said Picfes, Moderator of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and eldest Minister of the said City respectively, are hereby required, upon the request of any iive or more of the said Trustees, to call such Meetings from time to time.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the trufi«i to eltft said Trustees, at their said first Meeting, on the second Eucfday in April one thousand seven hundred and,

forty-four, to elect a Clerk, and to appoint him a Salary, not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds of law tt C 13 a 'r, ' full Money of Great Britain, yearly; which said Clerk shall give Bond to the said Trustees, with one or more sufficient Sureties, for the faithful Discharge of his Office, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds of like Money: And the said Clerk shall, at his own Charge, provide proper Books, and shall insert clerk't Duty, therein, from time to time, the Proceedings of the Trustees and shall write and cause to be written their Orders; and shall have an Officer for advertising the Trustees of their stated and occasional Meetings, and for attending the same; for which Officer the said Clerk shall be allowed a Sum, not exceeding five Pounds per Annum, of lawful Money of Great Britain.

XLVII. Provided always, That the Clerk so to be elected, shall be approved by the next Meeting of clerk to be ap the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, and in case he shall be disallowed of by the said next Prov: d at nt: Meeting of the General Assembly, such Meeting shall cleft a Clerk for the said Trustees. next Assembly.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to Ttufiees may re the said Trustees, for reasonable Causes, to suspend or remove the said Clerk; and thereupon, or upon, t'°«'hcc}'|k* the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the said Clerk, to appoint his Successor in the Manner before a"!l(.ai'i'0'nt an' directed, who shall be approved or disapproved by the next Meeting of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, who have hereby Power to hear and finally determine the Causes of the Deprivation or Suspension of the said Clerk; and to allow or disallow of the same; and to affirm or reverse the Judgement of the said Trustees, as they shall see Cause.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Afiemb y to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, that shall first meet after the said twenty-fifth Day of c0°°efl0r March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, to elect and choose a General Collector or Receiver of the aforesaid annual and other Rates; and the said General Collector or Receiver so chosen, shall collector sduty. have full! Power, and is hereby authorised to carry on all Suits and Actions for Recovery of the said annual and other Rates, and to ifi ue the Annuities to the Widows, and Provisions to the Children, and to lend out the Surplusses to the Ministers of the Church, and to the Members of the said three Universities, in the Manner before directed, and also the afterturplufles upon Interest, as he shall be directed from time to time by the Trustees aforesaid; the said General Collector or Receiver is hereby further authorised and empowered to use all proper Diligence for securing all and every the aforesaid Sums.

[Proviso.]

L provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said General Collector or Receiver to lend out any Part of the aforesaid Capital of thirty-five thousand Pounds, or to uplift or re employ the same, without a particular Appointment of the said Trustees.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver Collector may shall and may appoint one or more Deputies, for whom he shall be answerable, for levying the annual app°lnt a D rates, and other Sums herein before directed to be paid to him, at his Office in Edinburgh, in case the puty' same shall not be paid within the Times before limited.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full Expense that shall Penalry on col be incurred by the said General Collector or Receiver, and his Deputies, in recovering Payment of the lcctor s C 3u !* respective Sums from the Debtors therein, or out of their Effects. their Default in not making regular Payment as aforesaid, shall be recovered out of the respective Debtors Estates, without any Abatement or Mitigation.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fi id General Collector or Re Collector to s'vs ceiver shall, at or before his Admission, give Bond, with one or more sufficient Sureties, to the aforesaid bo11 ' Trustees, for the Sum of seven thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, that he shall faithfully discharge his Trust, and that he shall epfeftually levy and make good the annual and ocher Rates, payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the Heads, Principals, and other Masters in the aforesaid three Universities.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Re Collector to kccj> ceiver shall keep a public Office within the City oi Edinburgh, in which Attendance shall be given from 3 publick office the Hour of ten to twelve in the Forenoon of every lawful Day, for thirty day's immediately following m Edinburg, the issuing of the Warrants to him in the Manner herein after mentioned; and from the Hour of ten to twelve in the Forenoon, eyer.y Wednesday throughout the rest of the Year.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Re Collecor to ceiver shall annually; on the second Tuesday in May, exhibit to the Trustees, at their Meeting, a parti Account, pular Account of the Sums, that have come into his Hands in the Year preceding, distinguishing by whom paid, and upon what Account.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Re collector'* ceiver shall, in Consideration of his whole Trouble and Expense, be allowed an Annual Salary, not ex s, i, ary' cceding the Sum of one hundred and fifty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

Y y y 2 LVII. And

532

Collector displaced, may appeal to General alleu.bly,

[Proviso.]

pieasyterics, Arc. to make out Lists of Preferments, canno

decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Proviso,

Moderators, Arc. to give Certificates to Widows or Children.

Trustees shall make Lists of Widows, C

Trustees to settle their Accounts,

and lodge their Warrants in the Hands of the Cldrk.

collector to make Payment.

Penalty if the colle stor reocivcuy See.

C 11.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said 'I rustees, for reasonable Causes, to suspend or remove the said General Collector or Receiver; and thereupon, or upon the Death or Refigriation of the General Collector or Receiver appointed by the General Assembly, to name a General coiieftor or Receiver in the Interim, who shall have full Powers to sift until the next Meeting of the General Assembly; said next Meeting is hereby empowered finally to determine upon the Causes of Suspension or Deprivation of the former General coiieftor or Receiver; and to give Orders either for restoring the former coiieftor, or for continuing the coiieftor named by the Trustees; for appointing a new General coiieftor or Receiver in his Place.

LVIII. Provided always, That the General coiieftor or Receiver so named, shall be allowed a proportionable Part of the Salary, during the Time that he shall discharge the Trust.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Presbytery in Scotland, and each of the said Universities of Saint Andrew's, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, from time to time, make up Lists of all Ministers admitted to Benefices, and of all Heads, Principals, or other Masters, admitted into Offices within their respective Presbyteries and Universities, with the particular Dates of their respective Admissions; and with a particular Account, if such Minister, or such Member of the University, be married, and with the Date of his Marriage, if the same shall happen afterwards; and also a particular List of the Ministers and Members of the Universities respectively that shall have died within the Year and whether they have left a Widow and Children, with the Names of the Widows, and the Names and Ages of the Children, and also a List of the Widows that have died or been married within the Year, with the Dates of their Death or Marriage, and what Children of the Ministers or Members of the Universities respectively were alive at the said Widows Death or Time of Marriage; as also Lists of all Vacancies happening within their said Presbyteries or Universities respectively, with the Dates and Cause of the Vacancy; which Lifts, as also all other Lists that shall be found necessary by the Trustees, and by them appointed to be made up for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, shall be attested by the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery, and by the Head or Principal, and the Clerk of the said Universities respectively; and shall, betwixt the Term of Martinmas and the Term of Candlemas in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, be transmitted by the Moderator of the Presbytery, and by the Heads or Principals of the said Universities respectively, to the Trustees Clerk residing at Edinburgh; and so from thenceforth annually, in all Time to come, the Lists of each Year, computed from Martinmas to Martinmas, shall be made up and transmitted as before mentioned, betwixt the Term of Martinmas and the Term of Candlemas following; and the Moderator of the Presbytery, and the Head or Principal of the Universities, neglecting to signor transmit such Lists as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid in to the General coiieftor or Receiver, and to be levied in such Manner, and to be applied to the same Purposes, as the annual Rates are herein before appointed to be levied and applied.

LX. Provided always, That the Moderators of the Presbyteries in the Western and Northern Isles of Scotland, shall not be subject to the said Penalty of ten Pounds, in case they transmit such Lists as aforesaid within six Months after the said Term of Martinmas.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moderators of the said Presbyteries, and their "Clerk, and the Heads or Principals of the said three Universities, and their Clerk respectively, shall, at the Request of each Widow or Child, claiming Right to an Annuity or provision, deliver to them a Certificate signed as aforesaid, certifying the Death of the Minister, or the Death or Marriage of his Widow, with the respective Dates thereof, and the Names and Ages of his Children.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, at their Meeting on the said second Tuesday in March yearly, make up proper Lists of all the Widows and Children entitled to receive Annuities or Provisions out of the Funds of the preceding Year, mentioning the particular Sums to which they are respectively entitled; which Lists shall remain in the Hands of the Trustees Clerk, 2nd shall be open to the Inspection of all Parties interested; it shall be lawful for the said Parties interested, to give in their Objections in Writing to the said Clerk, to be by him laid before the said Trustees for their Determination at their said Meeting, upon the second Tuesday in May next following.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, at their Meeting appointed to be held on the second Tuesday in May yearly, settle and adjust the Disposal of their Funds of the preceding Year and particularly what Sum shall be paid to each Widow and Child; and the Prefes shall sign two fair Copies thereof, and also a Warrant upon the General coiieftor or Receiver for Payment accordingly, in Favour of each Widow and Child interested; shall lodge all the said Warrants in the Hands of their Clerk, to be by him delivered to the several Parties forthwith, as they call for the same; and the Clerk shall also forthwith deliver to the General coiieftor or Receiver, one of the subscribed Duplicates or Copies of the total List and State.

LXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid General coiieftor or Receiver shall immediately, upon the said Warrants being presented to him, at his Office upon any of the Days, and at the Hours above specified, make Payment of the respective Sums therein contained, without Fee or Reward, upon a Receipt endorsed upon the said Warrants; and if either the General coiieftor or Receiver, or the Clerk to the Trustees aforesaid, shall, on any Prerence whatever, exact or receive any Money or Reward whatsoever, for or in respect of delivering the aforesaid Warrants, or for making Payment

pursuant to the said Warrants, the said General coiieftor and Clerk respectively so offendin0, 1

shall

itfo

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. rr. 533

ipso facto' forfeit his Office, and be inrapable of being ever re elected into the same; and upon Proof of Inch offence taken before the said Trustees (which Proof they are hereby empowered ro take) rite said Trustees are hereby required and empowered to deprive the said General Collector, or the said Clerk, respectively, and to declare him or them incapable of being rcchofen; and if any Person, ailing under the said General Collector, ox under the said Clerk respectively, shall exact or receive any Fccor Reward upon the aforesaid Accounts, the said General Collector or Clerk, by whom fuel) Offender was appointed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain', upon Proof brought before the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid; Sums shall be levied and applied in the same Manner as is above directed, with respect to the annual slates.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. if any Widow, Child or Children, How Widows entitled to an Annuity, or to Provisions respectively, shall be unduly omitted, in making up tyre said anc. are to act it dual List as aforesaid, whether such Omission shall be occasioned through the Default of the Presbyteries they are unduly or Universities respectively, in not transniitting proper Lists or Certificates in the Manner before directed, omuls<i> or from whatever other Cause or occasion; it shall and may be lawful for such Widow, Child of Children, to make their Claim to the said Trustees, at or before their next stated Meeting upon the second Tuesday in March in the Year following! And the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required ro insert the said Widow, Child or Children, in their List to be made up at their Meetings on the said second Tuesday in March, and of May, in the said ensuing Year and shall grant Warrants for Payment of their Annuities and Provisions respectively, out of the Produce of the Year immediately preceding.

LXVI. Provided always, That if the Widow, Child or Children, so unduly omitted, shall neglect to Penalty on wi make Claim within one whole Year after such Omission, their Claim shall be held as deserted and given dowsncglcft. up, and shall not be allowed at any Time thereafter.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Payments herein before di Directions for reeled, shall be made to the Widows or Children reflectively named in the Warrants, if the Persons so p2j|ng Widow named are Majors; and to the Tutors or Curators of such of them as are Minors; and if they have no alrns tutors nor Curators, to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by an Act of the Presbytery or University respectively, of which the Person, under whom the Provision is claimed, was last a Member.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Annuities payable No Arrest on to Widows, and the Provisions payable to Children of the aforesaid Ministers of the Church of Scotland, chilckeltv and of the Heads, Principals and Mailers in the aforesaid Universities, shall not be liable to any Arrest 1 ns' ment; but shall be paid to the Widows and Childen themselves, or to their Tutors, and Curators or Trustees as aforesaid, or to their Executors and Administrators or Assigns; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, at their Meeting Dispofuion of on the second Tuesday in May yearly, shall give proper Directions to the General Collector or Receiver Surpluses aforesaid, for lending out the Surpluses of the 'preceding Year to the Ministers of the said Church, and Aner 'urp utio' to the Heads, Principals and Mailers in the aforesaid three Universities, to the Amount of thirty Pounds as aforesaid to each; and the after Surplusses towards raising the aforesaid Capital of thirty-five thousand Pounds, in manner herein before directed.

LXX. Provided always, that.no Part of the said Capital of thirty-five thousand Pounds shall be lent Proviso, out, or up lifted, or re employed, but with the Advice and Consent of the Lord President, and the two senior Judges of the Court of Session, the Lord chiefbaron, and senior Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Lord Justice General, and Lord Justice Clerk for the time being or any three of them.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees herein named and peni!t}' 071 Tra'j appointed, shall attend the aforesaid Hated Meetings, and the Adjournments thereof, and all occasiona!^"he ftaa d Meetings, to which they shall be lawfully warned or summoned, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings Meetings.* of lawful Money of Great Britain, toties quoties, to be levied and applied in the same Manner, and to the same Purposes, as is herein before directed with respect to the annual Rates; and a Certificate under the Hand of the Clerk shall be a sufficient Evidence of such Absence, and of the penalty's being incurred, unless the Trustee absent as aforesaid, shall have a sufficient Cause for such Absence, and which shall be Showed of by a Majority of the Trustees who shall be present at the respective Meetings.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall annually An annual Stats' prepare a State of the Funds under their Management, and an Account of their Proceedings, which shall of the Funds to be laid annually before the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland; and a printed Copy thereof shall be prepared, be transmitted to each Presbytery, and to each of the said Universities, betwixt the first Day of June and the first Day of August yearly.

LXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the Expense of Printing and transmi.tting the said annual neceldry Ex state as aforesaid, and also all other necessary incidental Expenses of the said Trustees, shall be paid by Pentf befaj? the said General collector or Receiver, and shall be; allowed to.him out of his annual Receipts; pro cyi^torencla vided the said Expenses do not in any one Year exceed the Sum of forty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or when liectnr Receiver shall annually, on the second Tuesday >iu November, exhibit to the said Trustees, at their Meet is togiveh.s ac ing, a.particular Account of the Sums that shall then have been paid by him out of his Receipts of the collnt to lri5 preceding Year and the said Trustees shall and are hereby empowered to audit and pass his Accounts, rnl!'*ci' and to acquit and discharge ihim and his Sureties, from lime to Time, of the Sums so accounted for.

5 34- C 12 — 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Rates payable by

LXXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all future Processes of Modification and aug knned sriof nlentat on f Stipends, the aforesaid annual Rates payable by the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, by tlixstipend", virtue of this present Act, hall be deemed and computed as Part of their Stipends; anything herein contained to the contrary; notwithstanding.

University of LXXV.I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the University of Aberdeen, or Aberdeen may any of the Colleges therein, hall apply to the next General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, decla be comprehended ring that they desire to be comprehended in this Act; the Heads, Principals and Matters in the said uni defiied, ' Versity of Aberdeen; '.or in either of the Colleges of the said University, hall be comprehended in this Act, and shall be subject to the annual Rates and other Burdens hereby imposed; they, and their Widows and Children' respectively; shall be inti tied to the Privileges and Provisions herein contained, in like Man. <. in all Respects, as with Respect to the Heads, Principals and Matters in the Universities oi Saint Andrew's and Glasgow is herein before enacted;

Aa. LXXVII'. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to Amended by be a Publick Act, and all judges, 'Justices and other Persons are to take Notice thereof as such in all Geo. 2. c.si.' Courts and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

1. _. CAP. XII

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Shipston toll gate at bridge town, 'in the Parish of Cod Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to' the top.of Long Compton Hill in the said County; and to make the same more cft eftual.

PR.

The Act 3 Geo. 2. c. 9. continued for 21 Years.

- CAP. XIII

An Act for continuing the term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the first Year of his presentma jetty's Reign, entitled, 'An act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham in the county ^twoxcester; and for making the same more effectual.

PR.

The Act t Geo. 2. C if. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from galley corner, adjoining to Enfield Chase iit the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex. to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.

PR.

The Act 3 Geo. 2. c. 10. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of" the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen, or to arise by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act: of the lust Session of Parliament; and for explaining.and amending the Laid Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

xsgcc. i. c.s, ' ttthere AS in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same, and for laying other' Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retailthe said LI ' quors', it was amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March',

e which should be in the Year of our Lord one: thousand seven hundred and forty-three, there should be raised, levied and paid unto his Majesty - Heirs and Successorsj for the several Spirituous Liquors made, extracted and manufactured in Great Britain, and therein mentioned, specified and enumerated

(oyer and above all Duties, Charges and Impositions by any former Act of Parliament thereupon re

set, rated and imposed) the several Rates and Duties of Excise therein mentioned and ex

relied, with diverse Provisions and Directions in the said Act contained, for raising, managing and

f collecting the said Rates and Duties, and paying the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, r ' diltinftiy and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues, subject and liable to such Uses'

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo faplimp Georgii II. c. ij. 535

Applications and Purposes, as should by any quite Act or aifts of Parliament be directed or appointed

And whereas In and by one other Act made aiitl passed in the same Session of Parliamentintituled, An jficeo. 2. C jj.

Act for raising by Annuities, and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million light hiiri dred thousand Pounds, at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Yrar om thovfsndfevdn

hundred and forty-three, it wail amongst other Things enacted, That the several and respective Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which by the said Act were granted and made payable from the respective Times therein specified, 'in respect of the principal Sum of one n illion eight hundred thousand Pounds, authorised by thfc 'said Act, to be advanced and 'paid, until Redemptioti thereof by Parliament, in Manner therein mentioned, should be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys which should from Time to Time arise, and be remaining in the Receipt of Ilf's Majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties bn Low Wines, Spirits and stroiigiwater?,

granted to his Majesty by the before recited Act of Parliament, and the same were thereby appropriated lor that Purpose accordingly: And it is thereby provided and enacted, That in case there ibalube any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates or Duties, after the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Moneys fufrcient shall be reserved for that Purpose; such Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Dispoiltion of parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act ' or Acts of Parliament: 'Now. wc, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies' which we have cheerfully granted to vourmajesty, in the caiicft Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Subjects1, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys ariien or to arise, by the said Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted to your Majesty by the said first herein in Part recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the same, and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors, and which by the said Act last herein in Part recited, intituled, An Act for raising by Annuities, and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, at three Pounds per: Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty three were reserved for the dispo iition of Parliament, after the several Annuities charged thereon are satisfied; do most humbly be feeeh your majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenr Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Surplus or Remainder of the Mo Disposition of nies arisen, or which shall from Time to Time arise by the said Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, hesutus 'vic' granted by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament first herein in Part recited, after paying or refer "h^dutj^on01" ving from Time to Time at the Receipt of his Majesty yexchequer, Money sufficient to satisfy and pay Spirituous LI the several and respective Annuities charged on the said Rates and Duties, by the said last in Part recited quors.

Act of the same session,: shall at the said Receipt of Exchequer be kept distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, and the same shall be and are hereby declared to be a Fund and Security in the first Place for satisfying and paying the annuity by this Act charged thereupon, in Manner herein after mentioned; and afterwards of all such further Annuities as shall be made payable out of the same, by any future or other Act of Parliament of this Session, until Redemption thereof by Parliiu nent, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever'-!

And whereas in and by one Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of his present Ma jcco. 2. C 14;

jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for reducing the Annuity or Fund of the United east-india Company, and for ascertaining their R ight of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance ofthtir Corporation for that Purpose upon the Terms therein mentioned, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty, the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be applied towards the Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty, for which no Interest should be ever payable, nor any Addition be made to their then Capital Stock, or Debt from the Public on account of the same, nor the same or any Part thereof be repayable to the said United Company: And ' it was thereby also enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and not before the Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, payable to the said United Company, should be re

to an Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, in respect of their then Capital Stock, or Debt of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, which reduced An act' nuity or yearly Fund should be and remain charged upon, and paid and payable from Time to Time out of the same Duties and Revenues, in the same Manner, and by the like weekly or quarterly Payments, and with the same Provisions for making good any Deficiencies in the said reduced Fund, as

their then Annuity was charged on or provided for, to be paid, until some new or other Proviuon should be made by Parliament, with Consent of the said United Company for the same, 'subject to Re

upon one year's Notice to be given by Parliament, after the twenty-fifth Day of March,

which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, upon the Expira

of the said Year and upon Repayment by Parliament of the said whole Capital Stock, or Debt of three million two hundred thousand Pounds unto the said United Company, by Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and also of all Arrears of their said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, which should be due at the End olthe said

Year,

536

C 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Year, from which Time their said Annuity or yearly Fund hold cease, determine and be no longer s ' paid or payable to them, as therein is more particularly mentioned: And it was also thereby enacted

notwithstanding such Redemption, the said United Company and their successors hold continue and be a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and by that Name should have perpetual Succession, and have, hold and enjoy all Benefits, Privileges, Franchises and Rights, which by any former Act or Acts, or any Char

or Charters founded thereupon, the said United Company might hold and enjoy, not altered or varied by the said Act, as therein is more particularly mentioned; and the said United Company were. thereby also empowered, after Redemption of their said yearly Fund, or a Moiety thereof or more by

Parliament, to declare by Bylaws or Orders in their General Courts, what Part or Share in their re maining Capital Stock or yearly. Fund or Stock in Trade hall qualify any Members of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to be Directors for the Affairs of the said Company, or to give any Vote or Votes in any General Courts; and for the electing the Directors,

and for their Continuance or Removal, Incapacity or Avoidance: And it was also further enacted,

That notwithstanding such Redemption of the said yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, the said United Company should (utbject to the Proviso of Determination therein and herein after mentioned) have, ule and enjoy the whole and sole Trade and Traffic, and the only Liberty, Use and Privilege of trading, trafficking and exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandise into and from the East Indies, and into and from all the Islands, Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns and Places, between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, and Limits in an Add of the

n w. 3. C 44. 4 ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, or in a Charter of the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign mentioned, in as ample and beneficial Man ner, as the said Company could thereby trade thereto, with such Prohibitions to all other his Majesty's ' Subjects to trade thereto, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as in the said Adb of the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign is more particularly mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said United Company should at all Times thereafter for ever (subject as aforesaid) have, hold and enjoy, and be entitled unto all and every the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges, Franchises,

Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suit, and all Penalties and Forfeitures and Disabilities, Provisions, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters founded thereupon, or by any Clause or Clauses in the said Acts or Charters contained, were enacted, given, granted, provided, inflicted, limited, efta

or declared to, for, touching or concerning the said Company or Body Politic and Corporate,

either by the Name of The General Society, entitled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for ad valuing a Sum not exceeding two millions of Pounds for the Service of the Crown of England; or the said Body Politic and Corporate, called by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies; or the said Body Politic and Corporate, called by the Name of The United Company of Merchants of eng L land trading to the East Indies; (not altered or intended to be altered by the said Act) according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, freed and discharged from all Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption and Determination therein contained; and the lame were thereby ratified and confirmed, and should continue to be held, enjoyed and be practised and put in Execution by the said United Company, and their Successors, for the better and more effectual settling and securing to them and their Successors, the whole, sole and exclusive Trade to the East, Indies, and Parts aforesaid;

and for the preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither, and for securing also their Possessions

and Effects, and governing their Affairs and.business in all Respects, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and reenacted in the said Act, subject to such Restrictions, Covenants and Agreements, as are contained in the said Acts and Letters Patent then in Force, and not thereby varied or altered, and subject also to, the Proviso following; that is to say. That at any Time upon three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year oif our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and Repayment to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, of the said Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of three millions and two hundred thousand Pounds,

and all Arrears of Annuity, payable in Respect thereof, in case the same shall not have been before re paid; then and from thenceforth, the said Right, Title and, interest of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole foe and exclusive Tirade to the East Indies and Parts aforesaid, hall cease and determine; and it was thereby also provided, That nothing in the above Proviso or in any Proviso in the Act, of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King William the Third, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said Majesty, or in any other Act oi Charter contained, should extend or be construed to extend to deter mine the Corporation of the said United Company, or to hinder the said United Company from carry ing on at all Times, after such Determination of the Right to the foie, whole and exclusive Trade as aforesaid., a free Trade in, to and from the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, with all or any Part of their own Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchandise, Estate and Effects, in common with other his Majesty's Subjects, as by the same Act, Relation being thereunto had may more fully appear: And where

cg. z. C zo. 4 as in and by one other Act of Parliament made and passed in the said third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds that may happen thereby, and for charging the reduced Annuity payable to the east-india Company on the i 4 Aggregateffund; and for Relief of Matthew Lion, Executor of Matthew Page, deceased, in respect of the Duty for Salt lost by, the oversowing, of the River mercy, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

A.D. 1744. Anno decitno septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 537

twenty-four, for the preventing or remedying any Injury or Damage which might happen to the said United Company, in respect of the Diminution that might happen in the Produce of the Duties and Revenues charged with their then Annuity or Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, by the ceasing and determining the therein before mentioned additional Duties on Salt, b. c.

or until the said intended Reduction of their said then Annuity or yearly Fund should take Place,

and their reduced Annuity or yearly Fund Should be charged upon new Duties and Revenues with their Consentit was enabled, That in case at the End of anyone Quarter of a Year, to be computed from the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty, until such intended Reduction should take Place, and such new Security be provided for the said reduced Annuity or yearly Fund, the Produce into the Exchequer of the Moneys arising from the said additional Duties on Salt, and the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper,

particularly charged with the then Annuity or Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, payable to the said United Company, should not be sufficient, together with the then Provisions by Parliament for making good the Deficiencies thereon, to discharge the Quarters Annuity that should be then due to them; then and in every such Case, and as often as the same should happen, such quarterly Deficiencies should from time to time be made good out of any Moneys, which at the respectne

Times of such Deficiencies should be and remain in the Exchequer, of the Moneys arisen or to arise for the said Duties and Revenues, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, which should be more than suffi

to answer, pay and satisfy what would then be due or demandable for any prior Charges or In ' cumbrances on the said Aggregate Fund: And it was also enabled, That from and after the twenty

Day of September which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty,

in case the said intended Reduction of the said Annuity or Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds should then take Place, then and from thenceforth such reduced Annuity or yearly Fund of i one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, should be transferred from the several Duties and Re

then charged with the said then Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand

and be charged upon and payable out of the Moneys arisen or to arise into the Exchequer from time to time, for the said several Duties and Revenues composing the Aggregate Fund, to be paid and payable to the said United Company, or their Successors, by such and the like quarterly Payments, f as their then Annuity or yearly Fund was then payable; subject nevertheless to such Redemption by Parliament, as was or should be enacted by any other Act of the then Session of Parliament, and subject

such prior Charges and Encumbrances, as were or should be made by Parliament on the growing Produce of the said Aggregate Fund, before the taking Place of such Reduction: And whereas the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies are willing and contented to ad vance and pay into the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, towards the Supply granted to your Ma

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, the Sum of one million of Pounds Sterling, for the Purchase of an Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds well secured to the said

Company, and repayable on the same Terms with the company's present Capital, with an Addition of fourteen Years to their present Term, which will, with such Addition, extend to Lady day one thousand seven hundred and eighty, besides the three Years allowed them after the Expiration of their present Term, for bringing Home and disposing of their effects, and other Purposes; with Power to the said United Company to issue out Bonds from time to time for any Part, or the whole Amount of the said one million of Pounds Sterling, and upon such other Terms, Conditions, Grants,

Confirmations, Articles and Provisions as are herein after made, granted, provided, declared and

e enabled Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of Mer One million t chants of England trading to the East Indies, in pursuance of their before recited Agreement, shall act be Paid into the vance and pay into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's Use, the full Sum of exchc<luer one million on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being shall think fit to direct and appoint, so as the said United Company be not obliged to pay more than two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds at any one Time, nor without having one month's Notice before each respective Time of Payment, and so as the said Company be not obliged, to make any such Payment before the twenty-fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Sum Three percent; of one million, the said United Company shall have and receive back by way of Discount, so much as Difamnt. the Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for each Sum of Money which shall be actually advanced nd paid, for or upon account of the said Sum of one million, shall amount unto, from the Day of the actual Payment thereof, until the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and in case the said United Company shall make Failure in any of the To be sued in said Payments so by this Act appointed to be made into his Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, at or be fe of Failure fore the respective Days or Times to be directed and appointed as aforesaid, the Money whereof such in the Payment, Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys of which they shall have made Default in Payment according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall vob VI'Z z J be

538 C 17. Anno decimo. septimo Georgii A.D. 1744.

Damages for. be further recovered to his Majesty's Use against the said United Company, Damages after the Rate of Nonpayment. twelve pounds per Centum per Annum for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Colds of Suit; and the said United Company and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

IV. And for the Encouragement of the said United Company to advance and pay the said Sum of one million, with such Discount out of the same as aforesaid'; and to the End the said United Company, and their Successors, may have a competent Recompense and Consideration for so doing, It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Provisoes contained in the said in Part recited act of the Provisoes in ny third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all other Provisoes contained in any other Act or Acts of !r determining the Annuity or yearly Fund of the said United Company, and the Right, piny's Annuity! ir'e and Interest of the said United Company to the whole, sole and exclusive Trade to the East India, rcpc.led. and Parts aforesaid, or either of them, upon the respective Notices and Payments in the same Acts mentioned,

shall be and are hereby repealed and made void; and that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall for ever have, receive and enjoy, not only their present entire Annuity or yearly Fund of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, out of the Rates, Duties and Revenues charged therewith, or liable to make good the same; but also that from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors forever, shall in respect of the said principal Sum of one million by amincnai this a.d. directed to be advanced and paid by them, have, receive and enjoy a further annuity or yearly

annuuj of^r Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, computed after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

givo/outi/on which said Annuity or yearly Sum shall be charged upon and payable out of the said Surplus or Re spuisuous LI mainder of the Moneys arisen or to arise, and be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's 'Exchequer, by lucis, the said Rates or Duties oil Spirituous Liquors by this Act granted as aforesaid; the said Surplus or

Remainder of the said Rates and Duties, after the several Annuities before charged thereon are satisfied. hereby declared to be a Fund and Security for answering and paying the said yearly Sum or Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, to the said United Company and their Successors for ever, until Redemption f)bjr£t to Rc thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Parliament Annuity or yearly Sum, shall from time to time be paid quarterly, at the four most usual Feastsor Days annuity / be of Payments in the Year, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable at paid quarterly, the Fcaft of the Nativity of our Lord christ one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and shall be free, from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever. iiuit^vooool" V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Surplus or re to be paid°o ut of mainder of the Moneys arifrng into the Exchequer by the said Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, the Exchequer by this Act granted as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to make up and complete the said Annuity or without Fee; yearly Fund of thirty thousand Pounds, to be payable to the said United Company and their Successors,

in respect of the moneys which shall be actually advanced by them in pursuance of this Act, shall in the first: Place be set apart and applied, and the same is hereby appropriated for and towards the raising and making good of the said Annuity or yearly Fund, and is hereby directed and appointed to be ififued and paid out of the said Receipt of Exchequer, by the respective Officers of the same, without any Fee or charge, and without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had or obtained from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors in that Behalf; and shall be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes in and by this Act expressed and intended, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; anything herein Officer neg!e£t before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: that the respective Officers in the Exchequer, Ibl btshce L who shall make any Delay in paying the said Moneys to the Uses by this Act intended, or shall be guilty, and pay treble f diverting or misapplying any of the said Moneys to any other Use or Purpose contrary to this Act, or Damages. shall pay or ifiuc out the same, or any Part thereof, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, shall for any such Offence forfeit and be forejudged from their respective Offices and Places, and ren dred incapable to serve his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Trust or Profit whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble Damages and Costs of Suit, to be recovered by the said United Company and their Successors, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, hisma^'tv t2ni^n 'un<^'on' or Order of restraint shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance; one third part of two thirds with which Damages so to be recovered, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the easts to the other two third Parts thereof, with the Costs of Suit, shall be to the Use of the said United Company Company and their Successors.

Deficiency of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case 'at the End of any one quarter tmy quarterly of a Year, to be computed from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred' vplicdvu't of and forty four, the said surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen or toarife by the said Rates and du rlio Sinking ties on Spirituous Liquors by this Act granted, and so as aforesaidd particularly charged with and nppro -- Joni; ° priated to the Payment of the said additional yearly Fund or Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds to the said United Company, shall not be sufficient to discharge the quarter's anfluity that shall then be due to them; then and in every such Case, and as often as th same shall happen, such Quarterly Deficiencies < are hereby charged upon, and shall from time to time be made good oiit of any Moneys which at the respective Times, of such Deficiencies shall be and remain in the Exchequer, of the Moneys arisen or which shall afterwards arise by the Surplusses, Fxcesses and Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund.' (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former.ad or Acts of Parliament) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as shall from, time to time:

be -

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 539

be necessary to make good such Deficiencies, shall issued and paid to the said United Compony accordingly.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Money shall he to be vrpbch issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firffc sdppms out f L fuft to be then after granted in Parliament. Supplies.

VIII. And for the better enabling the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to raise and pay the said Sum of one million to his Majesty's Use as aforesaid; is hereby j^jia Company enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said United Company under their may bcriow sn common Seal, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money from time to time, upon Account of their stock equivalent Sum and Fund, so as the Sum total of all the principal Moneys, which at any one time shall be.owing upon commonweal the Security of the said Seal, do not exceed one million over and above the Moneys which might lawfully be borrowed thereupon, before the making of this present Act.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, On a year's upon one year's Notice to be given by Parliament, after the twenty-fifth Day of March which final 1 he Notice, aftnc, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and not before, upon the Expiration v745' In, 'lia of the said Year and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said United Company of Merchants of Eng 0°" maybe land trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, as well of the said Sum of three million two hundred redeemed, thousand Pounds formerly advanced, as of the said Sum of one million now to be advanced, amounting in the whole to the Sum of four million two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, discount or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said United Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said respective Annuities or yearly Funds of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, and thirty thousand Pounds, then and in such Case, and not till then, the said respective Annuities or yearly Funds shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

X. And in regard it is intended that at any Time of Times after the said twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, the said Capital Stock or Debt of four million two hundred

thousand sounds may be paid off to the said United Company, by any Payments not being less than

five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time; and that as the said lesser Payments shall be made, the said

or yearly Funds of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, and thirty thousand

Pounds, payable to the said Company; shall proportionably fink and be abated; ' Be it therefore enacted Not less than by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times upon one year's Notice after the said twenty 500>0001- to fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, to be given by Parliament, upon the ex piration of the said Year and on Repayment by Parliament to the said United Company of any Sum of '

Money not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds, in Tart of the said Capital Stock or Debt of four million two hundred thousand Pounds; and upon Payment of all Arrears which shall then be due on their said Annuities or yearly Funds, or upon any Part thereof, then from and after such Payment, so much of the said Annuities as hall bear Proportion to the Moneys so paid in Part, shall cease, determine, and be abated, and soon from time to time on such yearly Notices to be given by Parliament; and Payment from time to time of such other Sums in Part of the said Capital Stock or Debt, not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at a Time, and of such Arrears of their then Annuities or yearly Funds,

until the Payment of the whole shall be completed, so much of their said Annuities or yearly Funds as shall bear Proportion to such respective Sums paid in Part, shall from time to time, as such Payments are made, fink and be abated, until their whole Annuities or yearly Funds shall be entirely sunk and determined.

XI. And if is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding such Redemp Company to have tion of the said Annuities or yearly Funds of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand Pounds, and thirty an thousand Pounds as aforesaid, the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the ea/l e

Indies, shall (subject to the Proviso of Determination herein after contained) have, use and enjoy, and shall continue to have, use and enjoy the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffic, and the only 'Liberty, Use and Privilege of trading, trafficking and exercising the Trade or Business of Merchandise, in, to and from the East Indies, and in, to and from all the Islands, Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns and Places between the Cape of Good Hope and Straights of Magellan, and Limits in the said act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King wir.liam the Third, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign mentioned, in as ample and beneficial Manner as the said Company could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto; and the said East Indies, or the Islands, Havens, Coasts, Ports, Cities, Towns and Places within the Limits aforesaid,

or any of them, shall not trom henceforth at any Time before such Determination of the said fble and whole Trade of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as is herein after mentioned, be repaired or failed to, visited, frequented, or haunted by any other the Subjects of, -1

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors whatsoever; if any of the said Subjects of his Majesty, his Pleirs peralt>'on P"*or Successors, of what Degree or Quality soever they be, other than the Factors, Agents and Servants va: e t13'16'8, of the said united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or such as hall he by them thereunto licensed or authorised, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, before such Determination of the said company's whole and sole Trade as aforesaid, directly or indirectly fail or go to, visit, haunt, frequent, tralhck, trade or adventure in, to or from the said East Indies, 'or other the Limits or Parts aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, all and every such Offender and Offenders shall incur the Forfeiture and Lois of all the Ships and Vessels, which shall be imploved in such Voyage, Trade,

Traffic 'or.adventure, with the Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereunto belonging, and also

Z z z? ' all

54°

7 Qco. X C 21.

India Company to have the Bent fit of all Atts and Charters made in their Favour,

snd not altered by this Act,

Proviso of Redemption.

Corporation to have a common Right of Trade with others, after their exclusive Right is determine 1. Concerning east-india Company see farther 27 Geo. 2. c. 9. 1 Geo. 3. c. 14* The speaker's Notice in Writing to the Company, shall be deemed a good Ntftice.

C 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

all the Goods laden thereupon, or that were or shall be sent to, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured within the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, and all the Proceed and Effects of the same, and every of them, and double the value thereof; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be fa food for, seized, distributed and distributable, recovered and recoverable, as in and by an Act: made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Alajejlys Subjects from trading to the Fall Indies under foreign commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ife of Thanet, is appointed, directed and enacted concerning the Penalties and Forfeitures in that Act mentioned or referred to, with respect to the said United Company or their Trade to the East Indies.

XII. And moreover it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall at all Times hereafter for ever (subject as aforesaid) have, hold and enjoy, and be entitled unto all and every the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suit, and all Penalties and Forfeitures and Disabilities, Provisions, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters founded thereupon, or by any Clause or Clrufcs in the said Acts or Charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, inflicted, limited, established, or declared to, for, touching or concerning the said Company, or Body Politic and Corporate, either by the Name of The General Society, entitled to the Advantages given by an A Hi of Parliament for advancing a Sim not exceeding two millions, for the Service of the Craivn of England, or the said Body Politic and Corporate, called by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies, or the said Body Politic and Corporate, now called by the Name of The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not by this Act altered, or intended to be altered, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, freed and discharged from all Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption and Determination therein contained; and the same and every of them are hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised and put in Execution by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, for the better and more effectual settling and securing to them and their successors, the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid; and for the preventing all other his Majesty's Subjects trading thither, and for securing also their possessions, Estate and Effects, and governing their Affairs and Business in all respects, as fully and effectually as if the same Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Trade, Privileges, Franchises, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suit, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Provisions, Matters and Things, were severally repeated, and at large re enacted in the Body of this Act; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Covenants and Agreements as are contained in the said Acts and Letters Patents now in Force, and not herein or hereby varied or altered, and subject also to the Proviso following; that is to say,

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the twenty-fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon the expiration of the said three Years, and Repayment to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, of the said Capital Stock, Debtor Sum of four million two hundred thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in case the same shall not have been before repaid, then and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, the said Right, Title and Interest of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East indies, to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in the above Proviso, or in any Proviso in the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Charter contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to determine the Corporation of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to hinder, prevent or exclude the said United Company, from carrying on. at all Times after such Determination of the Right, to the foie, whole, and exclusive Trade as aforesaid, a free Trade in, to and from the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, with all or any Part of their own Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchandizes, Estate and Effects, in common with other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, trading in, to or from those Parts.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Notice in Writing, signified by the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, by Order of the said House, nail be deemed

'ard adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all the Ends, Intents and Purposes, for which such Notices are directed by this Act to be given to the said Company.

r XVI. And whereas by the said Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall have forfeited ten Pounds for retailing

Spirituous Liquors without Licence, as in the said Act is expressed, hall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum of ten Pounds, the same being lawfully demanded, any one or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace may, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed, commit such Person or Persons to the House It ' of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for two Months, as in the said Act is directed: whereas

a Doubt has arisen, whether by virtue of the said Act, the Justices of the Peace, by and before whom such Person or Persons so forfeiting the said ten Pounds were convicted, have Power by the said Act to mitigate the said Penalty; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. 541

Offenders ro be whipped, before discharged from Prifoo.

the Goods of such Offender or Offenders Now to put an End to all Doubts concerning the same. Power of sube it declared and enabled, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Act imposed, may for the future, given by and from the Time of the Commencement of the said Act of the sixteenth Year of his said Majesty might, Act 16 Gco ? and also all the Penalties by this Acts imposed, may be lawfully sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated 3' conc, dn, n!: by such Ways, 'Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, lc imorifcnmeni.'vied, ormitigate'd, by any Law or Laws of Excise

Spirituous Liquors exphuned.

1

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, if they shall judge it most proper, instead of levying the Penalty, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for two Months; and that in such Case, such Person or Persons so committed shall, before his or their Discharge therefrom, be stripped naked from the middle upwards, and be whipped, until his or her Body be bloody.

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, it was provided,

That no Licence should be granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for selling by Retail any Spi ' rituous Liquors, except to such Persons only who should keep Taverns, victualling houses, Inns,

coffee houses, or alehouses; any Licence granted to any other Persons than as aforesaid were

declared void Now be it further enacted, That in any Case where a Licence shall have been granted for retailing Spirituous Liquors, to any Person who shall, at the Time of granting such Licence, keep a T avern, victualling house, Inn, coffee house, orale house, if such Person so licensed shall afterwards, during the Time of continuing such Licence, exercise the Trade of a Distiller, Grocer, or Chandler, or keep a Brandy Shop or Shops for Sale of any Spirituous Liquors, the Licence granted in every such Case shall be void; and such Persons retailing such Spirituous Liquors afterwards, shall forfeit ten Pounds for every such Offence, notwithstanding such Licence so obtained as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, every Person or Persons who shall by him, or herself, ar themselves, or by his, her, or their Servant or other Person employed by him, her or them, or for his, her or their Benefit, retail any Spirituous Liquors mixed or unmixed with any Ingredients to be drank or consumed in any Quantity whatsoever, in his, her or their Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults,

Sheds, or other Places to him, her or them belonging, or that shall retail or send the same abroad out of their said Houses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Rooms, Sheds, or other Places, in less Quantity than two Gallons, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, and renewing the same, as in the Act passed in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty is particularly directed, shall be deemed a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors within the Meaning of the said Act, and as. such shall forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, in all Cases where the Persons incurring the pecuniary Penalties of the said Act made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; for laying a Duty on the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, or of this Act, are not able to pay the same, but in lieu thereof are or shall be fern to the House of Correction, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, to cause such Rewards, not exceeding five Pounds, to be paid to the several and respective Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informers, as to them shall seem meet, out of any Money that shall be in their Hands, or of any Officer belonging to them, that hath arisen or shall arise by virtue of any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the said former or by this Act; and the Money so paid shall be accepted of and allowed in their account, as so much Money paid to his Majesty; and the said Commissioners are and shall hereby be discharged thereof accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors shall authorise and empower any Person to whom the same may be granted, to sell such Spirituous Liquors in any other Place, except in such Houses or Places thereunto belonging, wherein he, she or they shall inhabit and dwell, at the Time of granting such Licence.

Victuallers, only to jetail Spirituous Liquors by Licence?

Persons selling in less Quantity than two Gallon?, halt be dcemcdretailerjr 24 Geo. 2. c. 40.

Informer to be paid 5 1,

)vs Liquors see farther 19 Geo. 2. 29. 33 Geo. 2. C9{£? 28.

Licence net to extend to any other than the House mentioned in ir.

Concerning Sfiri-

C 12. 20 Geo. 2. c. 39, 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 26 Geo. 2. c. 13. 27 Geo. 2. c. 11. 31 Geo. 2. c. 36. 32 Gco, a

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising by annuities, and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament r. carsiu.

assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty, in the eastest Manner we are able, for the Benefit of your Subjects, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million eight hundred

54-2

3, 800,000 1. granted to his iwa/efty,

changed on the puties on Spirituous Liquors.

threcferont. amtjiitiies.to be purchased by all ikrfon?, Natives r Foreigners,

f be paid into the Bank,

Chflifers to gi ve Security.

Annuities to be 31. percent.

'When the pur phase money for annuities is to be paid.

"When the Annuities are, to jbe paid.

(Cashiere to give Heceipts for the Mcney paid (them.

and to pay the Money into te, Exchequer.

cashier's Allowance on accounting at the Exchequer.

Books to be kept pc the jbaak,

C 18. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed; and to thai: end do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual: and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Annuities which by this Act shall be granted, and made payable in respect of the said principal Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, until Redemption thereof by Parliament in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen, or which shall from time to time arise and be remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's . Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted by an Act of Parliament,; pasted in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, after paying.or referring sufficient to pay the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Annuity or yearly Fund becoming due from time to time quarterly to the said Company, and charged upon, and made payable, out of, the same Surplus or Remainder granted to his Majesty, in pursuance of one other act passed in this session of Parliament; and the said Surplus or Remainder of the said Rates and Duties on Spirituous 'liquors are hereby made a Fund, and appropriated for that Purpose accordingly: And for or towards r.aiiing the said Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purposes aforesaid, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Thailand may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies politick.or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay unto the first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and company of the Bank of England for the time being, at qr before, the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, apy Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million two. hundred thousand Pounds, in Part of the said whole Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fqrty spur, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or they shall nominate, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns respectiveljj in Manner herein after mentioned; To as such Gamier or Cashiers do first give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, for duly answering, and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the public Use, the moniesto to be advanced and contributed, and to acepunt duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Annum for every one Hundred Pounds, and proportionally for any greater or less Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the purchase money for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed, to be paid unto the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, at or before the re foeftive Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof on or before the said ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the ninth Day of July then next ensuing, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth Day of September then next ensuing, and the remaining one fourth Fart thereof on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following; all which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say. The Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and of the Birth of our Lord Christ, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; the first Payment thereof to be computed and paid at the Rate of three Pounds per Centupiper Annum on the whole Sum, to be paid by such Contributors, for the Purchase of any Part of the said Annuities, from the said ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, unto the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, or within six days after the said Feast Day; nevertheless, the said Annuities shall be redeemable, according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition, herein after contained in that Behalf, and not otherwise; the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, is or are hereby authorised and required, upon the advancing and paying to him or them any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, forthwith to give Receipt in Writing signed by himself or themselves, for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof (which Preempt shall he assignable by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the twentieth Day o{december one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and no longer) and from time to time to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he or they shall receive of or for the said Sum, not exceeding one million two hundred thousand Pounds, as fast as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest; to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Coutfe thereof; in which Account the said cashier or Cashiers shall have, just Allowance of all Moneys which he or they shall have allowed or paid for prompt Payment, pursuant to this Act.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and for p.ufclick Pe' jrufai,

A Copy of the jbooks to be tfppfruued into

Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, i; i which there shall! be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities', after the Rate of three Pounds per Centura per Annum as aforesaid, and all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid; to which Book or Bocks it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, suc cefl ors, and Assigns, from time to time, at all reasonable Times, to have resort, and to inspect the same, without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the Time being' shall, on or before the Exchequer.

i the

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. 543

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, transnit and assessed dupli case, fairly written oh Paper, of the f.d.l Boole or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to rdmnin for ever.'. k

III. And it is hereby cnadded by Hie Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Conlvi Enntcs butors upon this'aid, duly paying the whole' Con side rat ion or purchase money tat the Rate aforesaid, at rlljy !0 af. or before the respective Days and imes in this Act'before limited in that Behalf, for such Annuity or dem. tion. Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors ad aninistrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this Act,

To have, receive and enjoy, the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid; and shall have good and sure Bftates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same; and that all the several and respective Annuities, payable in Annuities Cisx pursuance of this Act, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all and every the principal Taxe. for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from all axes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

IV. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'Flint all and every Person or Three per cer.r, Persons who shall become interested in, or entitled to, any Annuity or Annuities, Part of the said Sum allowed foe

of one million two hundred thousand Pounds, to be subscribed for in pursuance of this Add, shall upon i'r°mptijaymqn:. eoiiipleating the Payments of the whole purchase money, payable in respedd thereof, be allowed and paid by way of Rebate, a Premium or Allowance after the Rato of three Pounds per Centum, on the respective Sums they shall become interested in, or entitled unto as aforesaid; are hereby directed to be thereupon forthwith placed to the Credit of the said Contributors, and made transferable in the Books of the'

Bank of England, by this Add appointed to be kept for that Purpose,

V. Provided also, That in case' any such Contributor as aforesaid, who, shall, on or before the said jf onty orc of ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, have advanced ro the said Cashier or ti, e four Pay cashiers one fourth Part of his, her or their purchase money, and his, her or their Executors, Admini raentsbe strators, Successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, one other fourth ir shall fcc fty Part of his, her or their consideration money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as rete ° aforesaid, oner before the ninth Day of July then next ensuing; and one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining one fourth Part thereof On or before the twentieth Day of December then next following; then, and in every such Case respectively, so much of the consideration money as shall have been. acftua]ly. paid in Part thereof only to the said Cashier or Cashiers for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; and no Premium at the Rate aforesaid shall be payable for the said first Payment; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it is intended that the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, being the Reffdue of t'the said Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds charged by this Act upon the same

Surplus or Remainder of the imonies arisen or to arise of or for the Rates and Duties on Spirituous LI 1 quors appropriated for Payment thereof in Manner before directed and appointed, shall be raffed.by way

of a Lottery, for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in Manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Anna _ becoming due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their exccu tors, Administrators and Assigns', at the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in,; respect I the svrpbfof she said Principal Sum of, six hundred thousand Pounds, in Manner hereafter in this Act expressed, until, the Dufies bn Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, shall Spirituous LI be charged upon the said Surplus or Remainder; from the Feast Day of the Birth of our Lord Christ one quorv. thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and shall from Time to Time be paid half yearly at the Feasts of an(j pay, haif. the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, by even and equal Portions; the '.ca, iy. first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the half year, ending at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive --

'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards, raising the said Sum of xk keti tobtf six hundred thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreign Di. each. ers, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute by paying at or before the respective. Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose. is herein after mentioned, the.sum of ten.pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds upon this Act; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer, for every such Sum of ten Pounds which he, she or they shall so advance, shall be interested in such Lot or Share of and in the Joint Stock of annuities established by this act, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that Behalf; and the same entire Sums of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers, at such Time or Times, and in such' Proportions at'a Time, 'as are herein after mentioned in that Behalf; that is to say. One fourth Part thereof on or before the ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, one other fourth Times of psyf i Part thereof on or before the eighth Day of June then next ensuing, one other fourth Part thereof on or the Purchase' before theftehth Day. of! Aiiguf. then next ensuing, and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before money for tog. the fifth Day of October then next following, 'ury Tickets, -

"Commissioners of the Treasury to appoint Managers of the Lottery'. There, shall be printed 60,000 "Tickets, 9, 7?0' shall be fortunate";, two of them to, oooo/. four 5,0007'. five z', oooo7. twelve 1,000l. twenty-five 5, 00l. one hundred and ninety nine too/, four hundred and four 50l. nine thousand one hundred "

"twenty hin'e zo, which with 5)06l.. to the first' drawn ticfeet, and 1,000/, to the last drawn ticket, -

544 C 1

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Value of the Prizes, and the Annuities at

Annuities made tunstcrrable.

"will amount to 298, 680l. which added to 301, 320l. payable on the remaining 50, 220 blank Tickets, at 6 /. each, amount together to 600,000l. Purchaser not pacing his whole contribution money by the "lime fixed, shall lose what he has paid. Tickets undisposed of, shall be delivered back into the Ex "Guardians of Infants may place their Money in the Lottery. Tickets to be changed for "Certificates after the Lottery is drawn."

EXP.

Timely Notice

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the Com 10 be advcttizcj, missioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to take in the fai^' win'b" taken in f ickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely Notice by adver nd Certificates' tisement, to be printed and published in Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and Times for ta detivered. king in the said Tickets, and delivering out the said Certificates for and in lieu of the same; and every person's Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to their bringing their Tickets to the said Of namss of Per fleer or Officers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which Purpose such Officer or Officers tonnes exchanging ffja]] enter) or cause to be entered into a Book or Books, to be by him or them kept for that Purpose, the Name of every Person who brings any Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall be so brought by such Person or Persons Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord when the same was so brought; which Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed

for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to to beent« peru^e 1 all which Certificates shall be signed by the Officer or Officers so to be appointed, or the major

ed in a Book. Part of them, and be directed ro the Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein in the same Book or Books, with the Contributors for the Purchase of the Annuities, not exceeding one million two hundred thousand Pounds herein before directed to be inserted in a Book or Books, or in any other Book or Kooks to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the Principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; and the Principal Sums so assigned or transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by this Act, according to the Powers and Authority herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as

aforesaid; and the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England foe the Time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates as they shall from Time to Time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which they have Credit in the said Book or Kooks, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XXIV. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of

Bank of England the Bank of England, and their successors, shall from Time to Time, until the said several and respective to pay the An Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed according to this Act, nunies. appoint and employ one sufficient Person within their Office in the City of London to be their chief or

first Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accomptant Money to be General; and that so much of the said Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys from Time to Time arifin'g paid into the into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the said Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, by this Act ap ehequer!'* propriated for this Purpose (after satisfying the Annuity charged upon the said Surplus, and made payable to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies as aforesaid) as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said several and respective Annuities and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and Cufliiers to ae every such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Moneys shall from Time to Time be issued, shall from ount back into Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof h»eexchequer, according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall from Time to Time insped and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, anib the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. r8. 545

every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be inti lied to any of the f.iid several atvi respective Annu ann n it not to itics, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum., anti all Persons lawfully claiming under them, J'"

shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Eftale, and the same shall not be descendable to the L leir, and bvdeem^i'er shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Cuiloin of Louden or otherwise; any Law, Statute tonne.] Estate. or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or Annniiic: i contrifcuted, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled upon this Add, for or towards the nvvintii.c r

Laid Sum, not exceeding one million eight hundred thousand pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken, 3oo>oco

to be 011c Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of v. tsojck* three Pounds per Centum per Annum, flinll be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and 'l'jo° V Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid upon this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have a proportionable Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; that which Stock "> the said whole Capital or joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportial Annuity at tn>adc transfer tending the same, shall he assignable and transferrable as this Act directs and not otherwise; thatl)lc> there shall constantly be kept, at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the said Accomptant General for The accomp the Time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of tarn General to the said whole Capital oi»stock or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same,° beep trans at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and regiflred; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words'"' 00 for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers orif such Parties be alifent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible witness'es, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of aligning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XXVII. Provided always, That ary Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or Annn; t;, s Annuities attending the same, or any Ellate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, be devised; attelled by two or more credible Witnesses; but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, but shall be en 1! 11 so much of the said Will as relates to the said Stock or Annuity be entered in the said Office; and in rcred in the Of default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors

or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, Transfer tots or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. lt "t

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all, nu!iu-

or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them) shall con a corporation T' tinue a Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the pur till these Annui' poses in this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parlia ties areredeemej. nient, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and the said Governor and Company or any Members thereof, flinll not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall Ko Fees to bs»demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Contribution taken, moneys or any of them, or for any Tallies or other Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said several Annuities or any of them; and that no See or Gratuity shall be demanded

or taken for any Transfer of any Sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any. See 'or Gratuity, contrary to this Act, shall on t5

forfeit the Sum of twenty Ponnds to the Party grieved, to be recovered with full Coils' of Suit, in any of l'lc'" his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXX. Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners commission.ers of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more "(th'i^l(hev of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby autho Ssbrafor the rized to settle and appoint such Allowances (out of the Contributions to the Lottery herein before mend severs! Officers, oned) as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Receiver or Receivers of the Contributions to the said Lottery, for receiving and accounting for the same, as also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accompting for the Contributions to the Annuities granted by this Act; and also such further Allowances (out of the said Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys to arise by the said Spirituous Liquors by this Act appropriated) as they shall think just and reasonable, for receiving, paying and accompting for the several and respective Annuities payable in respect thereof; and also ('or the Service, Pains and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at th ir Disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at apy Time or 1 irnes the Produce of the said Surplus or Remainder of the said Rates or Duties on Spirituous Liquors, shall happen to be so low or deficient, as that the Moneys arising therefrom into the Exchequer shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Changes directed to be paid thereout, at the End of either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to volvi. a A ' ' be

Manner of paying Deficiencies

Sinking Fond to be repaid by the next Supplies.

Surplus to be disposed of by Parliament.

Manner of Redemption,

Notice of Redemption.

"General Issue. Treble Costs*

be paid; then and so often, and in euery such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys that shall or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer, in any of the subsequent half years, as the said respective Annuities shall from Time to Time become due and payable; and in case such Overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended from Time to Time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every such Case, the Deficiencies so from Time to Time happening, shall from Time to Time be answered and made goodbye and out of the first Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be from Time to Time issued and applied accordingly.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be thenafter granted in Parliament.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said Rates or Duties, after the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose; Surplus or Remainder shall from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days for Payment of the said respective Annuities, or either of them, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the respective principal Sums for which the said respective Annuities, or either of them shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said Surplus or Remainder of the said Rates and Duties shall not be issued or applied to any feor Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall any Time or Times he sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Cods to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

"No dividing or letting out Tickets, but for the whole Time. office keepers publishing Schemes for "gaming with Tickets not in their Possession, to forfeit 500l. half to the King, and half to the Informer; and three Months Imprisonment. EXP."

CAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks.

PR.

The Act 13 Geo. 1. c. 31. continued, for. 21 Years.

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual. an Act made in the eleventh, Year of his present Ma»Reign, for repairing the several Roads. leading to and from, the Town at Derby in the County of Derby.

PR.

The Act u Geo. 2. c. 33. continued: for 21 Years.

CAP. XXL

An Act for laying a Duty of twopennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint t of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the Town of Burroixijhunness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, for repaying the Harbour of the said Town.

PR.

A.D. 1744.

C 22 — 28. 547

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the End of Mi die tonne tyas lanc over Gotherly moor to Greet j bridge, and from thence to Bows in the North Riding of the County of York. i1 R.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for more effesually repairing the Road from Cherill f through Caine) to Studley Bridge., and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough, at the Top of Cherill Hill in the County of I Tilts.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 26 Years.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for more effesually repairing the Roads from Coleshill in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and for amending other Roads therein mentioned.

PR.

The AS 2 Geo. 2. c. 5. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to resify a Mistake in an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy end effectual recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham in the County of wits, and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick in the said County.

PR.

Part of the AS 13 Geo. 1. c. 13. continued for 24 Years.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee in that County Palatine of Chester; and another Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his prefenc majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers; and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thereof j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PR.

WHEREAS by An Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, 6 Geo. 2. c. 30;

An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee in the County Palatine of Chester,

reciting. That by an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late n W. 3. C 24; 4 King wllt.i AM the Third, intituled, An Act to enable the Mayor and Citizens of Chester to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dec, reciting, That the said River Dee was theretofore navigable for Ships and Vessels of a considerable Burden, from the Sea to the City of Chefer; but, by negles of the said River, and for Want of sufficient Banks, Works, and Fences on the Sides thereof, against the Flux and Reflux of the Sea, the Channel of the said River was become so various and uncertain, that by Sands and otherwise, the Navigation to the said City was almost lost and destroyed, the Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Chester, and their Successors, were empowered to make the said River navi gable from the Sea to the said City of Chefer, for Ships of one hundred Tonnes, or upwards; and to en.

able them so to do, certain Duties, in the said Act mentioned, were laid upon Coals, Lime, and Lime stone, brought to, and unloaded within the Liberties of the said City, for the Term of twenty-one Years; and the Property of the Sands, Soil, and Ground, therein mentioned, was immediately, from,

and after such Time as the said River and Channel should be made navigable and passable with and 4' for such Ships and Vessels to and from the said City of Chester, to be vested in the said Mayor and CI 4 tizens, and their Successors, for ever; and they were at Liberty to defend, enclose, and improve the.

same, and receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and apply the same for maintaining and repairing the intended Works and Fences, and for making, eresing, and doing such further and other Works, Fences,

and Things, from time to time, as Occasion should require, for making and keeping' the said River navigable':

C 2 3. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

vigable: And reciting, That several confulerable Sums of Money had been laid out and expended pur ' (uant to the said Act; but the said River was not made navigable, the Provisions for making the lame 'navigable by the said recited Act being insufficient; and that the Time thereby granted for making the same navigable was expired; and reciting, That the Sands, Soil, and Ground, not bearing Grass,

1 commonly called the jvinie Sands, from the City of Chester to the Sea, and lying between the County

o( Chester on the North Side, and the County of Flint on the South Side, are of great Breadth in moult Places; and that the said river's not being navigable, was chiefly owing to the Breadth of the said Sands, and to the shifting of the Channel from one Side thereof to the other, as the Winds and Tide varied; and that the said Sand, Soil, and Ground, commonly called the I Kbite Sands, were not, not was likely to be of any Advantage or Benefit to any Person whatsoever, unless the said River were bounded in, and made navigable by Sea Walls, Banks, and Fences as aforesaid, which required a very great Expense, as well to erect as to maintain and repair from time to time, as Occasion should re

choir; but that yet nevertheless, if the said Sands, Soil', or Ground commonly called the mite Sands, 1 " were recovered from the Sea by Sea Walls, Banks, and Fences as aforesaid, and the Channel thereby confined to one certain Course, it would not only effecstually make the said River navigable, but that

veiling the said White Sands in the Undertakers, would be a considerable Encouragement to the under taking thereof: And reciting, That the making the said River navigable would be a Means to advance

the Trade of the said City, and that a great Benefit would accrue thereby to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Towns and Countries adjacent or near the said River, as also be a Means to increase the Num ' her ol Seamen and Watermen, and promote the public Good of this Kingdom; Nathaniel Kinderley, 'in the said Act named, his Fleirs and Assigns, and such Person or Persons said Nathaniel Ktn ' ciertey, his Heirs or Assigns, should nominate and appoint, under his or their Hand and Seal, were, by the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, and authorised and empowered at their own Coffs and Charges, by themselves, their Deputies,

1 Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, from time to time, and at all Times thereafter, to make and keep the said River Dee navigable from the Sea to a certain Point within the Liberties of the City of Chester called Wilcox Point, in such Manner that there should be sixteen Foot Water in every Part of the said River at a moderate Spring Tide, for Ships and vessels to come and go to and from the said City; and to that End to alter, direct, and make, or cause.to be altered, directed, and made, the Chan nel of the said River to run through such Part of the said Sand, Soil, and Ground, commonly called the White Sands, or the common Salt Marshes thereunto adjoining, or through the Marsh or Marshes of John Wright, Esquire, commonly called Brewers hau Marsh, as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs,

Assigns, or Nominees, should think fit; and the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and No ' minees, had further Powers granted them by the said Act, as therein mentioned; and as the said Na ' thanicl Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, would necessarily be at a very considerable Charge and Expense in making the said River navigable, as also in repairing and keeping up the same fit for such Navigation as aforesaid, it was by the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty enacted,

That immediately from and after such Time as the said nathaniel.kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or No ' minees, should make the said River Dee navigable and passable with and for Ships and Vessels in Man ' ner as aforesaid, all Merchants, Owners, and Proprietors of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Commodities, that should be brought into the said River and Channel, and that should be loaded at,

or shipped off, or sent from the City of Chester, or at or from any other Place or Places whatsoever between the said City of Chester and Parkgate in the County of Chester on the North Side of the said River,

and between the City of Chester and the Town of Flint in the County of Flint, on the South Side of the said River, should pay unto the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, or Assigns, or Nominees, all and every such Duty, Tonnage, Sum and Sums of Money, as in the said Act are mentioned; and, as ' a farther Recompense for the Expenses which the said Undertakers should be at in making the said River navigable, certain Sands, Marshes, and Salt Grass, and other Lands therein mentioned, were,

4 io soon as the said River was made navigable, vested in the said Undertakers, to and for their proper Use, under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned; and Commissioners were appointed'

by the said Act, for settling and adjusting in the Manner therein mentioned, all Matters about which any Difference or Controversy shoulu arise between the said Undertakers and the Proprietors of any of the Lands adjoining to the said River, in the Manner therein mentioned; and the said Commissioners were thereby empowered, in the Manner therein mentioned, to settle and assess Recompense and Saris faction to be made for any Damages, that might happen to any of the Lands or Fisheries in the fiiff Act mentioned, by reason or Means of the said Navigation: And the said Undertakers were by the faith Act directed to invest ten thousand Pounds in South Sea Annuities, or other Government Securities, iir the Name of 'thomas Revel, John Manley, and Benjamin Hoarc, Esquires, and John Bland, Banker, to remain as a Fund to answer the Damages lass mentioned, for the Space of three Years from and after such Time as the said Navigation should be fully completed: And it was thereby also enacted, That in'

case the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns; or Nominees, should not begin the said Undertaking on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and'

finish the same, in making the said River navigable according to the Intent and true Meaning of the said Act, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, all'

and every the Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges, and Interest of the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, and Nominees, should cease, determine, and be utterly void: And that it should not be lawful for any Proprietor or Undertaker, or his, her or their Heirs, or any Person or Persons claiming under them or any of them, to tell, ajflgn, aliene, alter, or dispose of, by any Ways or Means whatsoever

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 28.

his, her or their Interest in the said Undertaking, or any Part or Share thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, before or until such Time as the said River should be made navigable as aforesaid; as in and by the said act of Parliament of the sixth Year of his majesty's Reign will 'more fully appear: And whereas the said Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards, by an Initrumenc in Writing dated the

ninth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, duly executed by him under his Hand and Seal, declare, that his Name was made use of in the said Act of Parliament in Trust for Thomas

jkatts and Richard Manky, Esquires; such other Persons as they should appoint to be concerned in the said Undertaking to make the said River Dee navigable according to the Terms of the said Act: f And the said Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards duly nominate certain Persons, being forty in Number, ' to be the Undertakers of the said Navigation: And by Indenture Quadripartite, made the ninth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, by and between the said Nathaniel Kinderley, of the first Part; the said Thomas Watts and Richard Manley, of the second Part; Joseph Davis and itiluam Parsons of London, Gentlemen, of the third Part; and ninety other Subscribers to the said Indenture, or to the Schedule thereof, of the fourth Part, and duly executed by all the said Parties, it was agreed,

that the said Subscribers Should raise a joint Stock of forty thousand Pounds, in the Manner and on the Trusts therein mentioned; which Trusts were, amongst other Things, to lay out the ten thousand Pounds to be deposited as a Fund to answer the Damages before specified; a]so to lay out such f Sums as Should be necessary to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in such Manner as in the said act is mentioned; and the Residue (if any) of the said forty thousand Pounds was to be

in Trust for the said Subscribers, in Proportion to the Sums by them respectively paid in: And it was by the said Indenture further agreed. That the Duties and tonnage.by the said act made payable to, ' and the Sands, Soil, Ground, Marshes, and Salt Grass thereby vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley,

his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, should be and remain to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Subscribers to the said Indenture, or to the Schedule thereto annexed, in Proportion to the Sums by them respectively paid and to be paid in pursuance of the said Indenture: And it was by the said lnden ture agreed. That the said Joint Stock of forty thousand Pounds should be divided into four hundred Shares, each consisting of one hundred Pounds; and that each of the Subscribers should be entitled to

so many of the said Shares as he should have subscribed and paid in one hundred Pounds: And several Provisions were by the said Indenture made for the Management of the said Undertaking, for recover ing and preserving the said Navigation, and of the Affairs relating thereto; as by the said Indenture

may more fully appear: And whereas the said Undertakers, the Assigns or Nominees of the said Natha rdel Kinderley, between the twenty seventh Day of August and the ninth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, did invert the Sum of ten thousand Pounds in the Purchase of nine thousand two hundred and ninety Pounds, old South Sea Annuities, in the Names of the said Thomas Revel,

John Manky, Benjamin Hoare, and John Bland, as Trustees for the Purposes in the said Act of Parliament mentioned; and the said Benjamin Hoare afterwards refilling to accept the said Stock in the South Sea company's Books, or to at in the said Trust, the said Annuities were, in pursuance of a Decree

of the High Court of Chancery of Great Britain, made the eighteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, transferred into the Names of the said Thomas Revel, John Manky, and

John Bland, upon the same Trusts: whereas the said Undertakers began the said Undertaking bea fore the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and laid out the Mo ' nies advanced and paid in and upon the said Indenture, in making the said Deposit of ten thousand Pounds in South Sea Annuities, and for other the Purposes in the said Indenture mentioned, and great Progress was thereby made in recovering the said Navigation; but the same, not being perfeirted, and it being necessary to raise further Moneys for that Purpose, it was by deed poll, bearing Date the seven teenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, agreed to advance ten per Centum more on each their respective Subscriptions to the said Indenture, for the Purposes in the said Indenture expressed concerning the said forty thousand Pounds; and afterwards there being a Necessity to raise further Moneys for the perfecting the said Navigation, by another deed poll, bearing Date the third Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, it was agreed by the said Subscribers to the said deed poll, to advance twenty pounds per Centum more on their respective Subscriptions to the said Indenture for perfecting the said Navigation: And whereas the Subscribers to the said Indenture,

and to the said deeds poll, and Undertakers of the said Navigation, having raised and paid in forty seven thousand eight hundred and thirty Pounds, the same was laid out in making the said Deposit. and in cutting and making a new Channel for the said River Dee through the adjacent Marshes, near ten. 4 Miles in Length; and making a Dam and Sluces cross the said old Channel of the said River, and deepening and scouring thereof, and making other Works necessary for the recovering and preserving Navigation of the said River, and in Charges necessarily attending the said Undertaking; and the said River was in the Month of April one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven turned into the said, new Channel, and hath ever since - to run through the same, and ever since that Time Ships and Vessels of considerable Burden have, failed and navigated through the said new Channel, up to the said Point called Wilcox Point; and the said Undertakers being by the said act directed and empowered to make and keep the said River navigable from the.sea to the said Point called Wilcox Point, in such Manner that there should be sixteen Foot Water in every Part of the said River at a moderate Spring Tide, for. Ships and Vessels to come and go to and from the said City, several Trials and Soundings were had. and made, 'in order to ascertain the Height the Water flowed to at a moderate Spring Tide; and thereby the same was ascertained and fixed, to be level with the Height of nine Foot above the Bottom Floor, or Apron of the Ten Gate Sluice, Part of the Works of Navigation erefled by the said

54-9

550 C 28. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Undertakers; and as a Testimonial thereof, a Pile was in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, drove and fixed in the said River, near the said ten Gate Sluice, on which the said Hiight of nine Foot from the Bottom Floor or Apron of the said Ten Gate Sluice, was marked and set as and for the Standard Height of the Water at a moderate Spring Tide; and the same has since been commonly called the Standard: And whereas the said Undertakers finished the said Undertaking, in making the said River navigable, according to the Intent and true Meaning of the said recited Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty, and have since that Time been at very great Charges and Expenses in preserving and keeping the same navigable, according to the Intent and true Meaning of the said Act: And whereas the joint Stock of the said Undertaking having been laid out as aforesaid, and proving insufficient for preserving and securing the Works of Navigation, and enclosing and improving the Sands and Grounds veiled by the said Act in the said Undertakers, at a General Meeting of the said Undertakers held the eleventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty, they did agree, that the said Joint Stock Should be iticreased to fifty-two thousand Pounds, and that Application Should be made to Parliament to incor j4 Geo. 2. c. 8, porate the said Undertakers: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertaken of the Navigation of the River Dee, It was amongst other Things enacted, That William Allix, and the several other Persons therein named, Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee, and the Representatives of such of the Subscribers to the said Indenture or deeds poll as were dead, their several and respective Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, should be erected into one Company for the Purposes aforesaid, and he incorporated, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Under taking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and have perpetual Succession, and 4 a common Seal, and have Power to do all such Acts as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns,

or Nominees, might have done, or were empowered to do, by virtue of the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty; and to take and receive all such Duties, Tonnage Dues, and Payments whatso ever, as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, were empowered to do by the said Act; and to embank, enclose, improve, and apply to the Use of the said Company, the White

Sands, Soil, and Ground, and other Lands whatsoever, by the said Act vested in the said Nathaniel

5 Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, upon the Terms and Conditions in the said Act mention

4 ed, in the same Manner as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, might have

done; and to execute all the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs,

Assigns, and Nominees, by the said Act, and in such Manner as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs,

Assigns, or Nominees, might have executed the same, by virtue of the said Act, subject to the Limi tations. Conditions, and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned; as in and by the said Act ofparlia ment of the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty will more fully appear; And whereas the Tonnage Rates and Duties, which by the said Act of Parliament of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, are

charged and made payable for all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Commodities, brought into or loaded in the said River, are by Experience found to be too high, and to be a Discourage ment to the Trade of the said City; and the Mayor and Citizens of Chester, and the Merchants and Traders of Chester have therefore requelled the said Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dec, to consent that the same may be repealed,

and that, in lieu thereof, other and easier Tonnage or Keelage Duties may be appointed to be paid

4 to the said Company which the said Company have consented to; the doing whereof will be an Encouragement to Trade, and it will be for the common Good of the said Undertaking, that the said Acts of Parliament of the sixth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty Should be explained and amended in the several other Particulars hereafter mentioned; and the said Company, and the Mayor and Citizens, and Merchants and Traders of Chester, have accordingly applied for such an Act to be passed: And whereas it is reasonable and just; that an Act of Parliament Should pass for the Purposes aforesaid; 'it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and of the Mayor and Citizens, and Merchants and Traders of the said City of Chester, That it may be enacted, e.

Repeal of the former Rates of Tonnage. New Rates appointed, viz. For every Ship or Vessel coming "to or going from Chester, or any other Place between Chester and Parkgate, on the North Side of the River, and between Chefer and Flint on the South Side, to ot from any Part of Great Britain or Wales,

4 4 between the said City and Saint david's Head, or Car Use, for every Tonne z d. and for every Ship, ts'e.

going to or coming from any Place between Saint david's Head and the land's End, or beyond Car life to any Part in or on this Side the Shetlands, or to and from the Isle of Man, for every Tonne 3 d.

and for every Ship, SV. going to or coming from Ireland, for every Tonne d. and for every Ship, CSV,

going to or coming from any Place up the King's Channel, beyond the Land's End, or beyond the Shetlands, for every Tonne 4 d. and for every Ship, CSV. going to or coming from Norway, Denmark,

Holstein, Holland, Hamburg, Flanders, or any Part of France without the Straights of Gibraltar, or the ( 44 Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, for every Tonne 8 d. and for every Ship, CSV. going to or coming from r 44 Newfoundland, Greenland, rujjta, and within the Baltic, Portugal, and Spain without the Straights,

Canaries, Madeiras, we/lern lfes, Azores, for every Tonne izd. and for every Ship, sv. going to or 't 44 coming from the West Indies, Virginia, or any other Part of America, Africa, Europe, or Asia within the Straights, Africa without the Straights, or Cape de Verd Illes, for every Tonne is. 0 d. and for every t y Veiled

Vessel, carrying Goods from, or bringing Goods to Chester, or through any Part of the new Channel,

"in order to be put on Board, or discharged from any Ship, lying at Parkgate, Flint, or any other Place

"within the Port of Chester, and below the Channel, for every Tonne id. Repeal of a Rate of 6d. per

"Tonne on the Cheese Trade; and id. per Tonne placed in the Room. Skins or Wool to pay the Duty "by Weight only. Collector may weigh or gauge the Goods. Duty shall be paid before the Vessel is "cleared. Collector may lop the Vessel for the Duty, and fell the same after ten Days. Duty for Vessels lying in the Dock altered from 9d. to 6d. Sixteen Feet altered to 15 Feet Water, for the Standard "at a moderate Spring Tide. The City and Company to appoint two Supervifers. Penalty on th;

"company's not keeping the River clear according to the Standard. Thirteen Commissioners may "make an Order. Supervisors to found the River weekly, if required. Two other standard piles to "be erected, and kept in Repair. Clerk of the Peace for Chester to regiflir the Supervisors a Month "after Nomination. Books of the Soundings to be kept by the Supervisors for public Inspection.

"Copies of the Books to be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace. Two Ferries to be kept. Convenient Roads to be made to and from the Ferries, to kept in Repair by the Company. Shares in the "Company to be deemed Personal Estates. Proviso for Landholders. Persons aggrieved may apply to "the Great Sessions for the County of Flint. Five Passages to be kept for watering Cattle. A Survey "of the Marfla Lands on the South Side to be taken. Not to affect Royalties of Fishing and Fowling. See 26 Co. 21

"No Persons to fix Nets or Stakes cross the River." 35:

CAP. XXIX.

An act for making more effectual Provision for enlightening the Streets of the City of London.

WHEREAS to prevent the committing of Murders, Robberies, Burglaries, Felonies, and other Crimes of a heinous Nature, in the Night Season, in the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better enlightening the Streets of the City of9 Geo. a C 2°»

London: And whereas the Provisions made by the f.tid Act have been found defective, and insufficient to answer the several Ends and Purposes thereby intended: 'Wherefore, and to the End the good purposes intended by the said Act may be carried on, and fully executed, for the Safety and Preservation of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, the Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the City of London in Common Council assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Number of of the same. That such a convenient and sufficient Number of Glass Lamps, f such Sort and Fashion as the Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the said City in Common Council assembled, hall think court of Al"

roper and requisite, shall be from time to time erected, fixed, setup and lighted in such Parts and dermen and aces within the said City or Liberties thereof, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty in Common Common Council assembled, hall seem meet and expedient. Council.

II. And for defraying the yearly Charges of erecting, lighting, supplying, maintaining, and repairing aes to be fcf'5

the same Lamps; Be it further enacted, That from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand f; ven J Aider 4"

hundred and forty-four, one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall twice in every Year men and Com.

(or oftener in every Year, if it shall be thought needful for that Purpose, by the Mayor, Aldermen and mon Council.

Commons in Common Council assembled) be made, laid and assessed in every Ward of the City of

London, by the Aldermen, Deputy and Common Council, or the major Part of them, in each respective Ward, of and upon all and every the Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part thereof within the said City of London or the Liberties thereof, who by the Laws now in being are liable to be, and from time to time shall be actually rated towards the Relief of the Poor in the respective Parishes within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, where such Person or Persons shall respectively live, or be Occupers, in such competent Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, shall between the first Day of September and the twentieth of October, yearly and every Year, order and direct, in pursuance of the Power herein after invested in them, so as such Assessment or Assessments to be from time to time made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, do not exceed in the whole the Sum of sixpence in the Pound in any one. Year Rates nittoct f the yearly Rent of the Houses, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to ckd ri Pen ", s such Persons so to be assessed, as the same shall from time to time be al certained and rated by the Land t ic pound

Tax within the respective Wards of the said City of London, so as by such Assessment or Assessments 110 Person or Persons he rated or assessed in the whole in any one Year, in respect of any Lands, Tenements cr Hereditaments above the Sum of fifty Shillings: And the respective Collectors for the Time being, nor 50 s. in for the several Wards within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, who shall be chose in any one Year. Manner as herein after is appointed, are hereby authorised and required to collect! quarterly of and from to be collected every Person and Persons, who shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, such Rates and Sums of Money quarterly, as shall be rated and assessed as aforesaid by every such Assessment or Assessments

And in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, Aldermen and Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Aldermen Common

of the several.Wards within the said City of London, and their respective Deputies and Common Council thetand'te.^ men.for the Time being, at all seasonable and convenient Times, to call before them the several Collec e0ok?, and

tors take Cop;

552 C 29.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen to determine Complaints relating to afle/l'ments.

Houses let into Tenements shall pay to the Lamps.

attestments to be levied by di ftrsfs and Sale.

aftcftment to be allowed the tc laaijt in his Kent.

public Buildings to be gf

fcoed,

peac of Saint paul's, C required to pay the altdlments,

tors of the Land Tax in each Ward, and to inspeifv the Books of Assessment of the Land Tax within their respective Wards in the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and to take Copies thereof, if they shall think fit.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Council Men of any Ward in the City of London., shall at any Time or Times hereafter, in any fuel] Rates or assessments so as aforesaid to be made by them, neglect or omit to rate or assess any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, within their respective Wards, in Proportion to the yearly Rent of any such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as the same Mil be ascertained and rated in the Land Tax Rate or A fie Ament, so as the same do not exceed the said Sum of sixpence in the Pound, and so as by any such Rates or Assessments no Person or Persons he rated or assessed in the whole, in any one Year, in respect of the same, above the said Sum of fifty Shillings; that then and so soon.as any such Case shall happen, and Complaint shall he made thereof by any Inhabitant of the said City of London, to the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, who are hereby empowered and required to receive such Complaint, and front time to time to summon before them and examine Witnesses thereon on Oath, and with ail convenient Speed to hear and determine every such Complaint; and the Matter of any such Complaint shall, on hearing thereof, be adjudged by the said Court to be true, the said Court shall thereupon from time to time order the Deficiency which shall be occasioned in every such Ward, by such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, to be rated and assessed in the next year's Rate or Assessment, as shall be made in every such Ward, over and beftdes the ordinary Rate or assessment to be made for or in respeift of such Ward for such the said next Year in pursuance of this act.

V. And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City are, by the several Landlords. 4 or Owners thereof, let out in Lodgings or Tenements to diverse Tenants, whereby it will he difficult to rate and assess such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Aftefifnents when made For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of each respective Ward, by and with the Content of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Parts them, from time to time and at all Times when they are directed to make a Rate in pursuance of this AI, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of all such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to, of occupied by three or more Tenants; which Rate and assessment shall be paid by one or more of the Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses: And in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the same, then the said Rate and assessment shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her or them so refusing to pay the same; which Distress and Sale shall be made in such Manner as other Distresses and Sales are in this ar diiefted; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sunt and Sums of money as shall be so rated or assessed on the Owner or Owners thereof, in pursuance of this at, and to dcduh the same out of the Rent thereof; and the Landlord or Owner or Owners thereof are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and every Tenant, paying such assessment or Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment or Assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had been, actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her or their Rent should have been due' and payable.

VI. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all public Buildings (Hospitals excepted) should be rated and assessed in a due Proportion, towards the better lighting the said City and liberties thereof; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Alderman of the Ward of Cajole Baynard, with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, at his and their Discretions, and they are hereby required, when and at such Time and Times as the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made, shall from time to time be made, to rate and assess the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, and also for the Alderman of each respective Ward where such other public Buildings respectively do stand and are situate, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, at his and their Discretions, and they are hereby required in like Manner to rate and assess all Parish Churches, Churchyards, Chapels, meeting houses', (so as such rate or assessment on the said meeting houses do not exceed the Sum of six Fence in the Pound on the annual Value, or on the rack rent thereof, where the same' are held at such Rent) Schools, Inns of Court, Halls, Societies, Markets, Warehouses, Vaults and Cellars, and all other public Buildings whatsoever, situate, standing, lying and being within their respective Wards, towards the erecting, lighting, maintaining and repairing the said Lamps; Regard being by them always had to the Number of Lamps which shall be found necessary for the lighting the same.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul for the Time being, and all and every the respective Churchwardens and Chapelwardens of the federal Parish Churches and Chapels, and the respective Head Officers, Master, Wardens, President!

Treasurer, and Governors of all meeting houses, public Halls, Inns of Court, Societies, -

Schools, and the Occupiers or Proprietors of all other public Buildings and Places, and the Owners or Occupiers of Vaults and Cellars, within the said City and Liberties thereof respectively, fronting or adjoining to any of the public Streets, Lanes, public Places and Passages of the said City and Liberties thereof; and the Farmers or Occupiers of all and every the marlcets within the City and Liberties thereof, shall, and they respectively are hereby charged with, and required to pay their respective Rates

3

A.D. 1744; Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 29. 553

and Assessments, which shall from Time to Time be so rated and act cfled upon them, or any of them, or any of the said respective Buildings and Places, pursuant to this Act; and in case of nonpayment thereof, every such Rates and Assessments shall and may he recovered from him and them, in the Manner and by the Means hereafter appointed for the Recovery of the Rates and Afllfl nients hereby directed to be made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if the said Dean and Chapter of Saint paul's. The Dean and shall at their own Co its and Charges, cause the Fence round the said Cathedral Church, to be duly cha/>t^rtnfy lighted with Lamps of the same Sort, and at and for the same Time, in a proportionable Number, and la', !^ be from Time to Time keep the said Fence so lighted, in the same Manner as by this Act ought to be done pi, d round U in the other Parts of Saint paul's churchyard (which the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen for the fence of St. Time being are hereby empowered to determine) that then, and so long as they continue to light the said Paul's Cathedral, Fence, as is hereby directed, no Rate or Assessment shall be laid on the said Cathedral Church by virtue r

of the Powers hereby granted; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise not with' C ll Handing.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, perfomaggriev her or themselves aggrieved by any Rate and Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act, it shall and CD may appeal, miy be lawful for him, her and them respectively, within the Space of twenty Days after such Rate and Assessment shall be demanded personally, or by Notice in Writing, left at the premifl es which the Party

airefl ed shall occupy, to appeal to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, who are hereby empowered Appeal to be fi to hear and determine the lame, within the Space of ten Days next after every such Appeal shall be so, auy determined made to them; and their Determination shall be final and conclusive; no Fees shall be paid on the in lodays. making of such Appeal, or on the same being heard and determined.

X. And whereas there are several Pieces of void Ground and spacious Places belonging to the said City, lying within the same, or the Liberties thereof, where no Persons are or can be properly ebarge able as aforesaid, and which nevertheless, ought to be well and sufficiently lighted Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being, shall from y0ij Ground 'lime to Time, out of any Money in his Hands, belonging or as shall belong to the said City, pay such and place where Rates and Assessments as shall be rated and aliened for the due Lighting of such void Ground and Places no inhabitants where no Inhabitants are, or can be properly charged, according to the Discretion of the Alderman, De ctn b

puty and major Part of the Common Council Men of each Ward, wherein such void Grounds and Places jijyjy on the e are situate as aforesaid; being by them always bad to the Number of Lamps necessary for the due chamberlain. Lighting of the same: And in case the said Chamberlain shall think the said City aggrieved by such Rate chamberlain and assessment, he shall or may, in Behalf of the said City within the Space of twenty Days after such may appeal if he Rate and Assessment shall be demanded, appeal to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid; the City whole Judgement and Determination shall be final. aggrieved.

XI. And to the End that the several Rates and Assessments herein before mentioned may be fully and completely raised and paid for the Purposes aforesaid, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each Alderman, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Colkaors to be Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, at each Wardmote to be held upon or chosen onst. near Saint thomas's Day, for the Choice of Ward Officers, to return the Names and Places of Abode 0f1 homas s Diy six or more substantial Inhabitants of such Ward, our of which two or more, at the Discretion of the Alderman and his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, shall be chosen and appointed at the said Wardmote, to be Collectors for one whole Year of the Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, from the twenty-ninth Day of September then lait to the twenty-ninth Day of September then next following; but the Rates and Assessments which shall be first made in pursuance of this Act, shall commence and be made from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and the Collectors who shall be chosen at the several Wardmotes within the said City, the first Time after the Commencement of this Act, shall be Collectors of all Rates and Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, inclusive; which Collectors for the Time being are hereby authorised and required, in the respective Wards for which they shall be so chosen Collectors; to collect and receive from Time to Time such Rates, Assessments and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act, of and from all Persons liable to pay the same; and all Persons who by virtue of this act shall be charged therewith, or are liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay such Rates or af fefl ments unto such respective Collectors for the Time being accordingly; such Collectors from Time to Time giving Receipts for the same gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do; and that every such Collector who shall be chosen by virtue of this Act, shall at the Wardmote at which he shall be so chosen as aforesaid, or within the Space of twenty Days then next ensuing, before Cclleftor within the Alderman of the Ward, for which he shall be so chosen Collector or his Deputy, at such Time and 20 Days to take Place as such Alderman or his Deputy shall appoint, take and fiiblcribe the following Oath, or for an Oath, C lemn Affirmation, being one of the People called Quakers, for the true and faithful Execution of the said Office

I A.B. do swear, That I will, according to the hest of my Skill and Knowledge, well and truly per collesor soath, form and execute the Office of a Lamp Collector within this Ward'.

'So help me God.

55+ C 29.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

The Oath to be taken without Fee or Stamp. Penalty on Colleger's refilling to take the Oath, or to act.

Penal y.

If a Person hall refuse to take the Office, or hall die or remove out of the Ward, anothershall be chosen.

subject to the like Penalty for not Coking the Oath, or acting.

Provifu.

Collectors to account on Oath, on 7 daysnotice.

Penalty on Collectors refusing to account, and pay the Money collected.

Collector may levy by Distress and Sale.

Warrant of Dill refs to I e granted by the Loid Mayor or aider man of thcward.

Penalty on Alderman's refuting to grant a Warrant,

Which Oath or Affirmation shall be taken without any Fee or Reward, and without any Stamp thereon; and which Oath or Affirmation the Alderman of every of the respective Wards in the City of London for the Time being, or their respective Deputies, are hereby empowered to administer, as the Case shall require; and if any Collector chosen in pursuance of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oath, or being one of the Persons called Quakers, the said Affirmation, or to take upon himself the said Office, or taking upon himself the said Office, shall neglect or refuse to serve the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds to be applied to, and made Part of the Fund for providing and maintaining such Lights within the said City and Liberties as aforesaid, to be by the Aldermen or his Deputy of the Ward where such Neglect or Refusal shall happen, received and paid into the Chamber of London for that Purpose; and such Collector shall continue liable to be chosen into the said Office again the Year following, or at any other Time; and in case of his Refusal, shall be again liable to the like Penalty, and so as often as he shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the said Office, and duly execute the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the said Office, when chosen thereto, or to execute the same, or shall happen to depart this Life, or remove out of the Ward in which he shall be chosen and appointed, before he has finished his Collection, it shall and may be lawful for the Aldermen of the Ward for the Time being, when the Case shall so happen, with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, by Appointment under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some other Person within such Ward, to collect! all such Sum and Sums, of Money as shall remain due and unpaid of such Rate and assessment as aforesaid: if such other Person so appointed shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe the said Oath, or being one of the Persons called Quakers, the said Affirmation or to serve the said Office, then and in such Case, such other Person so neglecting or refuling shall be liable to the like Penalties with those who neglect or refuse to serve the Office when chosen at the Wardmote as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to oblige any Person or Persons to serve the said Office of Collector, who by the Laws now in being are exempted from serving any Parish or Ward Office.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Collectors for the several Wards within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, for the Time being, shall as often as they shall be respectively required, and on seven Days Notice in Writing given to or left for them respectively, at his or their usual Places of Abode within the said City or Liberties thereof, by the Alderman of the respective Ward wherein such Collector or Collectors shall live, or his Deputy and Common Council, or the major Part of them, deliver in upon Oath (or Affirmation, if such Collector be a Quaker) if thereunto required, unto every such Alderman, or his Deputy and Common Council, or the major Part of them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint within their respective Wards (which Oath or Affirmation the said aider man or his Deputy are hereby empowered to administer) a true, exact and perfect Account in Writing, under the respective Hands of such Collector or Collectors, of all Sums of Money, which he or they shall have received, by reason of his or their said Office, and also a true List of the Names of all Persons in their respective Wards, who shall have neglected or refused to pay the Rates and Assessments laid on them as aforesaid; of the several Sums from him, her or them respectively due and in Arrear, to the Intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered; and if any Collector or Collectors, after such Notice given, shall neglect or refuse to bring in his Accounts as aforesaid, or to account for any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected and received, and to pay the same, and every Part thereof, as is hereby appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor or Alderman of the said Ward for the Time being, to commit such Collector or Collectors to one of the Compters within the said City there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have rendered and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall make such Composition as the said Lord Mayor or Alderman shall think just and reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money on him or them rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, for the Space of seven Days after personal Demand thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation within the said Ward of such Person or Persons so rated and assessed, that then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors appointed to receive the said Rates or adelt ments, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor or Aldermen of the said Ward (which Warrant the said Lord Mayor or Alderman is hereby authorised and required to grant) by and with the Assistance of a Constable of the said Ward who is hereby required to be aiding and assisting) to enter into any Part of the Premises within the said Ward, occupied by the Person or Persons so rated and af felled, and to distrain his and their Goods and Chattels; and if the same shall not be replevied, or the Moneys paid within seven Days after such Distress made, together with the Costs of making such Distress, to be ascertained by the Lord Mayor for the Time being, or the Alderman of the Ward wherein any such Distress shall be so made, then to appraise and fell so much, and such Part thereof, as will be sufficient to pay the said Rate and assessment, together with all Costs and Charges attending the said Distress, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: And if any Alderman of any Ward within the said City of London, shall refuse to grant such Warrant when demanded by the Collector appointed to collect the said Rate and assessment, such Alderman shall, for every Time he shall so neglect or refuse, forfeit and pay unto the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being

to

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

C 29. 55s

to be applied towards the Fund intended to be raised by this act, the Money which such Person or Persons is or are by the said Rate liable to pay, to be recovered by the Paid Chamberlain in the Court of the Lord Mayor of the said City, together with full Costs, unless the Person against whom such Warrant shall be demanded, shall by the Deputy and Common Council of the said Ward, or the Major Part of them, be allowed, certified, and returned to the Chamberlain of the said City, as a Person unable to pay the said Rate or Assessment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors shall happen to depart this Life directior.s, if 1

before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them collected by virtue of the Sethis act, and shall leave Allets sufficient to pay the same; that then, and in every such Case, the Exe Muni

cutors or Administrators of every such Collector or Collectors, shall, in the first Place, out of such Alfcts, euhcitcj^ "

pay unto the Chamberlain of London, for the Time being, all Sums of Money by such Collector or Collectors so received, and not paid, or so much thereof as the said act ets will extend to pay, whole Receipt

shall be a good Discharge for such Money; and every Executor or Administrator may, to any action or Suit commenced or brought against him, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the same, and pir.ll be allowed Payment of the same out of such Assets, prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever; in Case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space of ten Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chamberlain of London for the Time being, and he is hereby directed and required, in his own Name, to commence one or more action or Actions in the Court of the Lord Mayor of London, against such Executors or Administrators for the same,

XVII. And to the Intent that substantial Persons may be chosen and appointed Collectors in each I, 'any Colkflor Ward, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case any Collector or Receiver of the 'a nov" said Rates and assessments shall imbezil, make away with, detain or misapply any Sum or Sums of Mo xteftmentfluil ney so collected by him for the Uses aforesaid, so that the same cannot lie recovered, or shall die pof be made, felled of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virtue of this act, and which shall not

be paid by his Executors or Administrators, that then and in every such Case, such Sum and Sums of Money shall be again rated and assessed on the Inhabitants of each Ward by the Alderman, with the Conient and Advice of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, in such Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this act, and shall be collected, levied, and distrained for, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are herein provided for the collecting and levying the Rates due and payable by this act.

XVIII. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and that may be charged and rated e towards defraying the Expense of Lighting the said City and Liberties thereof, may, before the Sums e as shall be rated on them respectively shall be paid, quit and leave their dwelling house, Warehouses

Vaults, or Cellars, in the Ward where they shall be so rated and assessed, and remove into some other Ward in the said City or Liberties thereof, and thereby endeavour to evade the Payment of such Rates and assessments be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, di(tref6 may be who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his or their dwelling house, Warehouse, Shop, made', hl£\c1'1e Vault, or Cellar, in the Ward wherein such Rate and Assessment hath been made, before he or they shall ^vttinwauo have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded by the Col th"rward, lector authorised and appointed to collect, and receive the same, that then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Receiver, and every or any of them, by Warrant obtained under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or of the Alderman of the Ward where such Rate and assessment shall have been made (which Warrant the said Lord Mayor or Alderman is hereby authorised and required to grant) in any Place within the said City and'

Liberties, to take and distrairi the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and the same to sell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall be, after having deducted the reasonable Charges of such Distress, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, demanding the same; to be afeer tained in like Manner as the Costs and Charges of other Distresses are herein before provided and directed to be ascertained.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Collector of the Rates and Af Penalty on col feflments aforesaid shall pay the Money into the Chamber of the City of London as he shall receive the lector's keeping same, in such Manner that such Collector shall never have a Sum exceeding twenty Pounds so collected 20'ln 1113 at one Time in his Hands, by the Space of ten Days, provided the Chamber of London be open to receive tan s' the same; and if such Collector shall keep and retain in his Hands more than the said Sum of twenty Pounds longer than ten Days, he shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered and levied in such Manner as the Penalties inflicted by this act are herein after directed to be recovered and levied; and on Payment of every such Sum of Money into the Chamber of the said City, 'cdleflorto ]save such Collector shall take a Receipt for the same from the said Chamberlain, or one of his Clerks; in a Receipt from which Receipt shall be specified and expressed the Name of such Collector, the Sum paid, and the Name chamberlain's of the Ward wherein the Money hath been collected j and the Chamberlain of the said City of London clerk 0, 1 his for the Time being, or such of his Clerks as shall be appointed by him for that purpose, shall be obliged, payini; Money, and he or they is and are hereby required to give such Receipt without Fee or Reward; and such Receipts shall by the Collector be produced to the Alderman of the Ward, or his Deputy, at the Time he shall settle and adjull his yearly Account; and shall by the said Alderman or his deputy, be taken and allowed to be accepted by as a full and sufficient Discharge for all and every Sum and Sums of Money such Collector or Receiver the Alderman, shall have received and paid into the Chamber of the City of London. Discharge of the Collector

4 B

a Freeman not paying to the Lamps, shall he incapable to vote.

Alderman and Common Council to conn ah for the Lamps, and their necessary Attendance.

Contrast for one Year only.

Lord Mayor, C to settle the Price for attending the Lamps.

No Alderman, C to be concerned in any contract for lighting the City.

Chamberlain to pay all Sums drawn upon him, in Discharge of Contracts.

Chamberlain to enter allp eceipt and Payments, to 6e inspetfed by any Citizen without Fee.

C 29. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

XX. And to the End that the Payments of the said Rates and Assessments, and re assessments, for the Purposes aforesaid, may the more effectually be enforced; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Freeman of London, liable to pay the said Rates, assessments, and re assessments who shall have neglected or refused to pay the said Rates, assessments, or re assessments, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons authorised and empowered to collect!: and receive the same, after Demand made thereof of any such Freeman personally; if any fuel) Freeman cannot be met with to demand the same personally of, then, by the Space of three Days after a Notice in Writing, demanding the same, shall be left by the Collector of the Ward wherein such Freeman shall live, or be an Occupier, at the usual Place of Abode or Occupation of such Freeman within such Ward; or shall desire to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused from paying such Rates, assessments, and re assessments, shall be under the same Incapacity of voting at Elections within the said City of London, as any Person or Persons now is or are, who do not pay their Scot or Lot to the several yearly Rates and assessments, to which the Citizens of London are at this Time, or shall hereafter become liable.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Alderman for the Time being in each respective Ward in the said City of London, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Deputy and Common Council Men, or the major. Part of them, for the Time being, shall and may yearly and every Year, between the twenty-fourth Day of June and the twenty-fourth Day of December, contract and agree with any Person or Persons, for the Number of Lamps necessary to be erected and setup in their respective Wards within the said City, either on Polls or Irons, as they shall think best to order, and shall be most effectual for the Purposes hereby intended, and for erecting and setting up the same respectively; for the lighting, trimming, snuffing, cleansing, supplying, maintaining, and repairing such Number of Lamps, as the Alderman, Deputy, and Common Council, or the major Part of them, in each respective Ward, shall from time to time deem requisite for enlightening the City and Liberties thereof, upon the bed Terms they can, so that no such Contract be made for a greater Number of Lamps in any Ward than shall be directed to be setup by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That such Contract be made for the Space of one whole Year and no longer, at one Time.

XXIII. Provided always, That no Alderman, Deputy, or Common Council Man, in any Ward within the said City, shall contract for or agree to give any greater or larger Sum of Money for the annual lighting, cleansing, and snuffing any Lamp within any Ward, than what shall be directed and appointed to be paid by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and that all Contracts made for any greater or larger Sum, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the Chamberlain is hereby directed not to pay any Draughts, Sum or Sums of Money, in discharge of such contractor Contracts.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Alderman, Deputy, or Common Council Man, during his Continuance in such Office, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, them, or any of them, shall be concerned or interested in any contract or otherwise, for lighting the said City, or any Part thereof, or for providing and fixing any of the said Lamps, Posts, or Irons, or other Materials necessary thereto.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and required, out of the Moneys collected and paid into the Chamber of the said City, pursuant to this act, to pay all Sums of Money drawn upon him, or ordered to be paid by the Alderman, his Deputy, and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, of each respective Ward within the said City of London, in discharge of the Contracts, which such Alderman, with the Consent of his Deputy and Common Council, or the major Part of them, shall or may enter into, for the providing, erecting lighting, trimming, snuffing, cleansing supplying, maintaining, and repairing the Lamps within each and singular the Wards of the said City; and the said Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, shall, from time to time, in the first Place, answer and pay the Draughts made on him by the Aldermen, their Deputies, and Common Council Men, or the major Part of them, of such Wards in the said City, as at the respective Dates of such Draughts shall have paid into the Chamber of the said City the assessments made on such respective Wards; and if after the Payment of such Draughts any Overplus of such assessments so paid into the Chamber shall remain, the same shall from time to time be carried to the Aid of such Wards in the said City, as are not able to raise sufficient to defray the Charges of their own Lamps, in Proportion ro the Money each Ward shall fall short and be deficient in the collecting of their respective Rates and assessments, and to the Money such Ward doth now owe to any Person or Persons for erecting, fixing, lighting, cleansing, snuffing, repairing, and amending the Lamps contracted for in the said Ward.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Chamberlain for the Time! being shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries, in a Book to be for that Purpose by him provided, of all and singular the Receipts and Payments he shall make, on the Account of lighting the said City as aforesaid; which Book every Citizen o London shall and may have free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and also that the Chamberlain for the Time being shall have the said Account audited and passed in the same Manner, and by the same Persons who are now appointed or shall be appointed to audite the Accounts, of the Chamberlain of the said City London

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 29. 557

XXVII. And to prevent any Loss or Damage that may happen by the Loss or Imbezilment of any Rate or assessment to be made pursuant to this Act, Be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any a Duplicate of assessment shall be made as aforesaid, or within ten Days, a Duplicate thereof, signed and subscribed by all Aflcifrocotj the several Persons who signed and subscribed the said Rate or assessment, shall, by the Bedel of every to tc left with Ward, be carried to and left with the Chamberlain of the City of London, and in Default thereof, the 'hccha/nkcilain, Chamberlain shall not pay any Money which shall be drawn on him by the Alderman or his Deputy, and Common Council, or the major Bart of them, of the said Ward wherein such Duplicate shall not be delivered and left with him as aforesaid, without the special Order of the Court of Lord Mayor and aider men of the said City, authorising and directing him to pay the same.

XXVIII. And forasmuch as the Sums of Money that have arisen by the Rates and assessments made in pursuance of the said Act, have been found insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended, and considerable Sums of Money remain due and unsatisfied; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chamberlain of London for the Time being, be empowered, and he is hereby authorised The Surpluses and required, out of the annual Surplusses, if any such shall be, arising from the Rates and Assessments ar*?ns b)' to be made by virtue of this Act, to discharge the Draughts made or to be made on him by the Aldermen 4 j b'vap* of the several Wards, for the Payment of their respective Contracts heretofore made for lighting, trim, Debtj rc 5 ming, snuffing, cleansing", supplying, maintaining, and repairing the Number of Lamps necessary for maining on ihe their respective Wards, according to the Tenor of the said former Act. former Act.

XXIX. And whereas several evil disposed Persons have broken, and may wilfully and maliciously break and destroy the Lamps hung out in the Streets of this citynow to prevent the like malicious Practises for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Penalty forw'l shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, wilfully fully breaking or maliciously break, throw down, or extinguifn any Lamp that now is, or shall be hung out, or setup the to light the Streets, or wilfully damage the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of London, shall for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, thrown down, extinguished, or otherwise damaged, and for the second Offence the Sum of fifty Shillings, and for the third Offence the Sum of three Pounds, to be recovered and levied in such Manner as in this Act is mentioned.

XXX. And whereas it is impossible to ascertain the exact Expense which may accrue to the said City of London, in providing, supplying and maintaining such Lights as aforesaid, as well from the Altera tion in the Price of Oil, and other Materials, as from other unforeseen Accidents and Casualties which may happen; 'Be it therefore further enacted, That in case there shall be any Deficiency in any of the The Deficiency assessments to be made as aforesaid, by Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings being empty, r one Year or the Insolvency or Removal of any of the Inhabitants, Tenants, Occupiers, or otherwise, for which b5carried over 10 or upon whom the said Rates shall be respectively charged, so that the Charges of enlightening the said ene)u' Streets and other Places cannot be fully satisfied, paid and discharged in that Year, then and in such Case,

the Deficiency so happening shall be carried to the next succeeding year's Rate or Rates, and shall be made good thereout; and if at the Expiration of seven Years, it shall be found that any Surplus shall How the Surplus have arisen from the Money collected by virtue of this Act, over and above what shall have been issued 4?11 be, app^cd and applied in pursuance hereof, such Surplus Money shall remain in the Chamber of the said City of En77f 7 Years. London, to be applied either in the Aid of the Orphans Fund, or in Abatement or Diminution of future Rates and Assessments, or to be otherwise disposed of, to and for the Use and Benefit of the Citizens of

London, as they by any Act of Common Council, shall direct and appoint.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common The Mayor, C

Council assembled, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, at a Court of Common Council to at a yearly meet be held yearly and every Year, between the first Day of September and the twentieth Day of October, to s4 order order and direct what Rates and Assessments shall be made on the Inhabitants for the Purposes aforesaid, 1 ' '*men 9'

not exceeding the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be rated and assessed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector shall neglect or penalty on the

refuse to bring in his Account to the Alderman of the Ward, or his Deputy, as often as demanded, he Collectors not

shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and in the like Manner the Sum of five Pounds for every twenty accountl: ls*'

Days he shall detain the said Account, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as herein after in this Act are provided.

XXXIII. And to prevent as much as may be any Deficiency happening in the collecting the Rates and Collector to ap assessments aforesaid; Be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors of every respective Rate ply to the Lord and assessment made in pursuance of this Act, shall, and he and they are hereby required, in Cases of

Refusal or Nonpayment of the respective Rates, Assessments, and re assessments aforesaid, within thirty, he°assert s Days after the respective Rates, Assessments, and re assessments shall become due, to apply to the Lord ments are not Mayor for the Time being, or to the Alderman of the respective Ward where such Refusal or Nonpay paid within ment shall happen, for a Warrant to distrain for the said Rate, Assessment, and re assessment, and shall 3° Days take Care to execute, or cause the same to be duly executed, under the Penalty of five Pounds for every Omission; be levied and recovered in such Manner as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are di rc dted to be levied and recovered.

XXXIV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and be Lori

for the Lord Mayor for the Time being, or any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for 7^'°'

the City of London for the Time being, to hear and determine any of the Offences which are made fub dar

ject mire o.i'uaii,

558 C 29*

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

A.D.

*744*

Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale.

For want of di llrefe. Offender ro be sent to the House of cor n tffion.

'Justice tmylef the Penalty,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions,

where the same shall be debt; er mijied.

Penalties, one Half to the Informer, tand the other to the Alderman, to be paid into the Chamber.

Act 9 Geo. 2. c. 2o. repealed.

Exception.

Arrears due on+ Juns 1744, to bellied for a:, directed in the former Act.

; n!

r' V 1 '

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Costs.

jedt to, and punishable by, any Penalty directed to be levied by this Act; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any Informations exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within ten Days after such Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side, and after Oath, or Affirmation made by any of the Persons called Quakers, of the Commission of any of the Faffs above-mentioned, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party offending in the said City of London; and Upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing, upon the Proof of Notice given, to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices are here authorised, empowered and required to administer) to give such Judgement, Sentence, or Determination as shall be just, and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by View of the said Justice or Justices, or upon such Information as aforesaid, or on Confession of the Party accused, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the levying the Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in five Days, ren dring to the Party the Overplus (if any there be); and in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted in pursuance of this Act, of breaking, throwing down, or extinguishing any Lamp now erected; or hereafter to be erected, and no Goods or Chattels of any Person so offending can at the Time of such conviction be found, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not less than one Month, and not exceeding the Space of three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, f om time to time, where he or they shall see Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the said, Forfeitures or Penalties, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act; and every such Mitigation shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Persons offending reflectively, for so much of the said Penalties or Forfeitures as shall be so lessened, mitigated or remitted.

XXXVI. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall find him, her of themselves aggrieved, or' remain unsatisfied in the Judgement of the said Justice or Justices, then such Person or Persons shall and may by virtue of this Act complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be held for the said City of London, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon Oath, or being Persons called Quakers, on their solemn Affirmation, and finally to hear and determine the same, and to make such Order therein as shall be agreeable to the Nature and Circumstances of the Case; and in case of Conviction, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for levying and compelling by such Means as aforesaid, the Payment of the said Penalties or Forfeitures.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Penalties or Forfeitures to be levied by virtue of this Act, not herein before appropriated, shall be paid and applied in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety to the Alderman of the Ward, or his Deputy, where such Offence shall be committed, to be by him paid over into the Chamber of Lotidon, to be accounted for and applied as Part of the Fund for providing and maintaining such Lights in the said City as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act of Parliament passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better enlightening of the Streets' of the City of London; and every Clause, Article, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, annulled and made void, except so far as is herein after otherwise provided and directed,

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall repeal, annul, or make void, or be construed, deemed, or taken to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the Rates or assessments charged or assessed by virtue of the former Act, which shall be due and payable, or in Arrear, on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, or any of the Remedies, Powers and Provisions given and provided by the said former Act, for the collecting, levying or recovering the same; but the same Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof respectively, which shall remain and be come due and payable on the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and all the Remedies, Powers and Provisions in and by the said former Act given, granted and provided, for the raising, levying, collecting and recovering the same respectively, shall remain and continue in full horce and Effect; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be' brought within six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue (Not guilty) and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

A.D. 174.4.. Anno decimo septimo Gjiorgii II C 30. 55 9

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, uui k e.p. and taken to be a public Act, and to be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Ju 11 ices, anj ({j'!j\

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same., .'33 tu!

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit Stamps to foreign or

other Linens.

WHEREAS certain Stamps are required by Law to be put upon Linens made in Scotland and jv firm Pre Ireland, the better to ascertain the Quality of such Manufactures; And whereas of late Years »'>«

there has been a Practice to counterfeit such Stamps, and affix the same to foreign Linens, in order to r"( r

1 vend them as the Manufactures of Scotland and Ireland, to the gross Deceit and Imposition of the rj' e 11*j5",

Buyers, and to the great Discredit of the said Manufactures: And whereas there has also been a Prac <-.39.

tice, when Linens of the Manufacture of Ireland have been mildewed or soiled, to rebleach the sail r arp. 2. <. S. ' Linens, and then to affix counterfeit Stamps thereto, in order to vend them as Linens duly damped: t " r s for Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and 7 '

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and i2 - by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of ji. z. C 19 June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, affix or cause, or procure to be affixed any Stamp or S'*1. 1 Geo. 1. Stamps, in Imitation of the Stamp or Stamps put upon the Linens of the Manufacture of Scotland or e 36, 3g, °- Ireland, on any foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, such Person or Persons so offending shall C 1g, J for each and every such Offence, being convicted thereof in the Manner herein after mentioned, feve penalty on put rally forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for each Piece of Linen so damped, or caused or procured to be ting counterfeit, damped; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, fell, expose to Sumps on fo7 Sale, or pack up for Sale, any foreign Linens, knowing them to be so damped as aforesaid, as the Ma ici=n L 'n, ens; liufacture of Scotland or Ireland, such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in or expofin^them the Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the said Linens, and the Sum of five Pounds for each to saic.

Piece thereof so sold, exposed to Sale, or packed up for Sale as aforesaid; in case any Person or penalty on fixing Persons shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June, affix any counterfeit Stamp or Stamps upon any counterfeit Linens of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, in order to vend the same as Linens duly damped, Stamps on eri such Person or Persons so offending, and being convicted thereof in the Manner herein after mentioned, inth shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every Piece of Linen so damped as aforesaid; and in case any Per L ns'uy1 r': son or Persons shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, fell, expose to Sale, or pack up for Sale, exposing them t any such Linens, knowing the same to be so damped as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending, Sale, and being thereof convicted in the Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the said Linens, and the Sum of five Pounds, for each Piece thereof so sold, exposed to Sale, or packed up for Sale as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one Offenders to be or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where conviaed on any Offence shall be committed against this Act, to convict: the Party or Parties offending, upon the ?vat.h'j! Te Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby ima Yjcsc e °^powered and required to administer) and upon such Conviction to grant a Warrant or Warrants under penalties to lie his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the said respective Penalties and recovered*t>y Pi forfeitures by Didress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any stress and Sole.'there shall be, after deducting the Charges of such Didress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case no Goods or Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending can be found, or there shall not be For Want of Goods or Chattels sufficient to pay such Penalties and Forfeitures, any one or more of such Justices of the r), nrers> Off 1 Peace shall, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath (which Oath he and they is and are hereby empowered j^nt°ju!?er Y and required to administer) before him or them, by the Person or Persons who shall have the Execution fonment. m.p..: " of the Warrant or Warrants for levying such Didress, commit the Party or Parties offending to the Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail. or.mainprize for the Space of six Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied; said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be applied to the peh ilties to go Use of the Informer or Informers, fird deducting out of the same the Sum of two Shillings in the Pound, a'jdtin" f "rn to be paid to the Constable or other Officer respectively, who shall execute the Warrant or Warrants tl vourdfor for levying and recovering the said Penalties and Forfeitures. the Constable.

Concerning Lit:

see farther is Geo. z, r, 24, 25, 27 6? 36. 21 Geo. z, c. 26, 24 Geo. 2. c. 46, 25 Geo. 2. c. 14. 32 Geo. zl C 32.

560 C 31.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Cap. XXXI

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Glass Beads, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the exportation of refined Borax and Camphire, which are allowed on the Exportation of unrefined Borax and Camphire; and for preventing the fraudulent Exportation of British and Irish Linens, for the sake of the Bounty allowed by an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and for explaining and amending the said Act, as to the Persons who are to receive the said Bounty.

a &. 5 JK & M. ' 7WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, several Duties are payable upon the

S' Importation of Great Bugle and Glass Beads: And whereas it is very difficult for the Officers of

e his Majesty's Customs, and Dealers in the said Commodities, to distinguish the Difference between Great Bugle and Glass Beads, on the Importation thereof: And whereas the Duties on Glass Beads are much lower than the Duties on Great Bugle, which is a great Temptation to unfair Traders to deceive the Officers, to the great Disadvantage of the Revenue, and Discouragement of the fair Merchants:

And whereas such evil Pradfice enables the unfair Traders to undersell not only the fair Merchants, but

likewise to undersell such of the Poor Inhabitants of this Kingdom, who are now employed in the ma king, colouring and manufacturing of Glass Beads: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties on Glass Beads, which shall be imported from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, shall cease and determine; and in lieu thereof there shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for all Glass Beads imported into Great Britain, whether plain or manufactured, mixed or coloured,

Piitfes on Seed j3ugj, e pot to be altered.

Refer to 8 & 9

ir. C 34.

3 Ann. C 4. f. S. t^arm. c.s./.ij. i Geo. j. f. 43.

8 Geo. 1. c. 15. y.io.

The old Duty on Class Beads repealed, and the new Duty to be the

so greatbugles t^le ^ame Subsidies, Impositions and Duties as are now payable for Great Bugles imported; and that the V "at ug es' same be raised, levied, recovered and paid by such Rates, Means and Methods, with the like Discounts to th»same uses anc Allowances on Importation, and the same Drawbacks on Exportation, and under such Penalties and - ame forfeitures, and be applicable to the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties on Great Bugles are now raised, levied, recovered, paid and applied.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That this Actor arty thing herein contained, shall not in any wise be construed or understood to extend to lessen or alter the Rates or Duties on Small or Seed Bugle, which are to remain and be in the same Manner as they are now rated and paid.

III. And whereas large Quantities of Borax unrefined, commonly called Tincall, and of Camphire unrefined, are frequently imported, both which are generally slipped in the same unrefined Condition, and a Drawback paid on Exportation thereof: And whereas the said Commodities when refined in Great Britain, are not entitled, by the Laws in being, to any Drawback, although they are subject to Waste and Loss of Weight in refining them here, and are therefore exported Abroad, and refined in foreign Countries, to the Prejudice of the Revenue and the Commerce of this Kingdom: 'For Remedy whereof. Borax and Cam Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou phire refined.in sand seven hundred and forty-four, all Borax, and all Camphire which shall be refined in Great Britain, Great Britain, upon Oath being first made by the Refiner or Refiners thereof, that the" said Borax and Camphire entered to the Drawback or Exportation, were produced solely from the very same Borax and Camphire which had been imported on Exportation. 'nt0 Great Britain unrefined, and for which his Majesty's Customs and Duties had been duly paid at the Concerning dr fi T'6 of the Importation thereof, and that the same were duly exported, his Majesty's Searcher also cer lc farther -5*tifying the shipping thereof, and all such other Requisites being duly performed, as are necessary to be " Geo. 2.. C 3a. done and performed, with regard to Borax and Camphire unrefined, and slipped for Exportation, shall be 3j C ">-< 12. entitled unto and have the same Drawback of all the several Duties in all Respects, as a like Quantity of 35- unrefined Borax and of unrefined Camphire, are now by Law entitled unto; any Statute, Law, Custom

or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. jj Geo. 2. c.jg. '

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species t'of British and Irish Linens exported, in order to prevent British and hish Linens exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard, being exported for the sake of the Bounty allowed thereby, it is enacted, That the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officers of the Customs may open, view and examine any or all such Linens as shall be entered at the Value of twelve Pence per Yard or under, and compare the same with the Value and Price thereof sworn to or affirmed in the Entry and Endorsement f on the Cocquet; and if upon such View and Examination it shall appear that such Linen is of greater

5 Value than twelve Pence per Yard, then and in such Case the Exporter or Proprietor shall, on Demand made in Writing by the Customer or Collector, and Comptroller of the Port where such Goods or Mere. chandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be delivered, all such Goods and Merchandizes into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Exportation, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, and upon such Delivery the Customer or Collector of such port, with the Privity of the Comptroller, shall out of any

6 Money in the Hands of such Customer or Collector, arising by Customs or other Duties belonging to

5 ' the

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 32. 5

the Crown, pay to such Importer or Proprietor the Value of thirteen Pence per Yard, taking a Recept for the same from such Exporter or Proprietor, in full Satisfaction for the said Goods as if they had been regularly sold; and the respective Commissioners of the Customs shall cause the said Goods to be fairly and publicly sold for the best Advantage, and out of the Produce thereof, the Mon y so paid or ad vanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such Customer or Collector, with the Privity of the Comptolki,

to be replaced to such Funds from whence the same was borrowed, and the Overplus (if any) shall be'

paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Sinking Fund, by the Title of the additional Duty on Cambricks granted by this Act, as in and by the said recited.act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully and at large appear: And whereas by the said recited Act, no Forfeitures or Penalties are inflicted upon any Person or Persons who shall enter for Exportation any of the Linens therein mentioned, as of the Value of sixpence per Yard, or any higher Value, and not exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard; and which upon the View of, and Examination by the proper Officers of the Customs, shall be thought to be of greater Value than twelve Pence per Yard, and who shall on Demand made in Writing by the Customer or Collector, and Comptroller of the Port where such Linens'

are entered, refuse to deliver or cause to be delivered such Linens into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Exportation, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, and to receive from the Officers of the Customs at the said Port the Value of thirteen Pence per Yard for such Linens, in full Satisfaction for the same, by reason whereof many Frauds and Abuses may be committed and ensue, and the good De

of the said recited A may be frustrated For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said thirteen Pence per Yard so mentioned to be paid as aforesaid to the Importer or Penalty on; n proprietor, shall be paid to the Exporter; and that from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one dervahiing bri thousand seven hundred and forty-four, if any Person or Persons shall enter for Exportation any Linens tll, > f i"fll Ll" of British or Irish manufacture made of Hemp or Flax, as of the Value of sixpence per Yard, or any poned! e " higher Value, and not exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard, and which upon the View and Ex ore 20 Geo 2 C animation of the proper Officers of the Customs shall be thought to be of greater Value than twelve Pence 36. sir continuing per Yard, and shall on a Demand made in Writing by the Customer or collector, and Comptroller of thebcumy on ibe the Port where such Linens are entered for Exportation, refuse to deliver or cause to be delivered such Exportation of Linens into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Exportation, for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, ife

and to receive from the said Officers of the Customs at the said Port the value of thirteen Pence per Yard for such Linens, in full Satisfaction for the same; or if such Linens shall be less in Quantity than shall he expressed in the said Endorsement on the said Entry or Cocquet, or if the same shall be entered and endorsed tinder a wrong Denomination; that then and in every such Case all such Linens which shall be On fraudulent so refused to be delivered, or which shall appear to be less in Quantity than expressed in such Endorse Entries for ex mentor entered and endorsed under a wrong Denomination, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may p»rtat|on, the he seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; Moiety of the Forfeiture of which Goods shall e orb

to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for or prosecute the same, and the Seizures of such Goods shall and may be prosecuted and de 'f^'other termined by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in to the informer, the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or Prosecutor. or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed., Concerning Linen

see farther IS

Geo. 2. c. 24, 25, 27 £? 36. 21 Geo. 2. c. 26, 24 Gen 2. C 46. 29 Geo. 2, C 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons on account of seizing such Goods, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this al, and the Special Matter in Evi General Issue. dence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act; and ifit shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and rnay recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants have in other Cases by law.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to explain and make more effectual several Acts of Parliament passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the river Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County Surrey, and for the better enabling the Commissioners for building the said Bridge, to finish the same, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, as also for granting further Time for exchanging the Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said f Bridge; and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed.

PR.

A S the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple, 9 Geo. z, c. 29.

or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Well min tier, to the opposite Shore 10 2. C 16.

Vol. VI - >'d 4 c ' CI Geo. 2. C zs.

See farther 18 Geo. 2. c. 29, 29 Geo. 2. r. 38. q, 2. f, 34*

One million to be applied to the Supply out of the Sinking Fund.

36,000l. Impressed Money, repaid out of the Coinage.

clause ofhoan at 3 i. pel

C 33. Anno decimo feptiino Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

in the County of Surrey, or any seven or more of them, are, by several Acts of Parliament passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, authorised and impowered to purchase certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within certain Limits prescribed by the said Acts; and for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas some Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, and may arise, relating to the carrying into Execution the several Powers by the said Acts verted in the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, whereby they have been and may be, prevented from executing the same in the best and most advantageous Manner: Therefore, for amending and explaining the said Acts, in order to the more cafy and certain Execution thereof, and for the more eft cdlual conveying to the Commissioners and their Trustees, and those claiming or to claim under them, such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as they have been, or shall be, directed or enabled to purchase, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now made, or which hereafter may be made; Be it enacted, C '

"given the Commissioners to send for Title deeds or Writings. Judgments and Verdicts of the "Commissioners and Juries, to be transmitted to the Cleric of the Peace, who shall give a Receipt. "Clerk of the Peace to transmit them to the Quarter sessions, to be kept among the Records. Com "to be deemed in actual Possession, on delivering the Evidences to the Clerk of the Peace. The " Bridge to be divided between the Parishes of Saint Margaret, Westminster, and Lambeth in Surrey. Not "to be a County Bridge. Recompense to the Watermen for th^sundays Ferry. 25,000l. given towards "building the Bridge. Commissioners to account to Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Coinage Duty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders and other Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and to enable the Reversioners of certain Annuities therein mentioned, to receive such Annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain Time by the Annuitants for Life, until Proof be made that such Annuitants are living.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deftrous not only to raise such Supplies as are necessary to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War with Vigour, but also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Eft'edt of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as now are, or shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum. and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of one million, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of thirty-six thousand Pounds, now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by impressed Money repaid on the Head of Coinage Duty, shall and may be issued as Part of his Majesty's Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, _ 1,

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner hereafter mentioned, that it shall and may, be lawful to-and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 'the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, ex ceifes and Overplus Mollies, commonly culled The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the Forbearance

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Geoiig n II C 33. 563

bearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds per Cerium per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to iilue their Warrants for that Purpose as salt as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this act shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or act essment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money t.iil cr nt j.rar. upon the credit of this act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall im 10 1)0 l1rix: mediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, hearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds per

Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course according to the Dates rc spectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders Thi m=r.n*: of shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, pajmsat. her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys; and he, fly or they, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplusses, Excel! t g and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, No undue press and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other act or acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid)) that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken No Fes to be of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, u, con»

Views or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerk or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the on Pain of Tre party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand bledamages, C any such Fee or Reward, then ro lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall he made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by action of Debt, or on the Case, to gay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Office or Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt hall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures,

Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Provisoes rela orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date; or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt ting to undue to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as lie Preference, enters them all the same Day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them;, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Method of trsnf due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore fenirg.

said, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be in doifed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title,

Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

564 C 33.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

The money may be raised by Exchequer Bills.

VIII. And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million, together with such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, are enabled and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last men

the tioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such —

- l0'anrse" Clauses as do Charge the same on the Aids, Taxes, or Assessments granted by the same Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to

all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated or re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and changeable upon jind shall be repaid and born by or out of the

Al! Advantages and Penalties contained in

or Exchequer Bills, extended to there.

The Exchequer Bills to be paid out of the sink lag Fund,

Application of the Supplies.

Land Tax.

Malt Tax.

One million to be lent by the east-india Company at 3 1. percent.

>, So, ooool. to be raised by 3 1. percent. Annuities and a Lottery.

40.000l. Par

growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as fall as the same can be regularly Hated and afeer tained, for and towards paying oft', cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon. Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and to such Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also the Sum of northeast million to be advanced and lent into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Purchase of an Annuity after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in pursuance of one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted by an Act of the lost last Session of Parliament, and for explaining and amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with The united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and by Contribution by way of a Lottery, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds, at three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service efthe Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and the Sum of thirty-six thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by impressed Money repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty; and also the Sum of one million by this Act granted as aforesaid, hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after expressed; is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the

_ __________, __ ay,

«f"o7d omark" ^lc*s or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, any Sum or Sums of Money not > ce exceeding forty thousand Pounds, for the Marriage Portion of the Princess of Denmark, one of his Mai

jesty's Daughters.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo G rough II

C 33. 565

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies 2, 272, 534 1. as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two '.°5' i frr million two hundred seventy two thousand eight hundred thirty-four Pounds ten Shillings and nine navalservlk* Pence, for or towards the Naval Service herein after more particularly expressed; is to say, For or

towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers,

and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed

and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or ja>474 1 n

Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Adoney not exceed lvrul.f '* ing twenty thousand four hundred seventy four Pounds seventeen Shillings and seven Pence, for the 0 '*u .° "-

Freight of Transports, between the first Day of "January one thousand seven hundred and forty two and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and the Sum of ten 70, 9701.25.

thousand nine hundred seventy Pounds two Shillings and five Pence three Farthings, for the Expense > 8 for

of Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the fir (I Day of January one thousand l'^so seven hundred and forty-two and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and il ulct*' forty-three.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, o, ooool. to there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thou CII "nwich of" sand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the bet 11'

ter Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the service of their Country.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall 251, 455). 2s. and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred fifty-one thousand 4d Haifpemjv four hundred fifty-five Pounds two Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny for or towards defraying the o/uiuncf" Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty nance' four, 'performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament; and for the Pay of Artillery People and Stores,

provided by the Office of Ordnance; and towards building Fortifications to secure the new Settlement at Rattan for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

XVI. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore 2, 177, 549 i. said, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two million los>ld for one hundred seventy one thousand five hundred forty-nine Pounds ten Shillings and twopence for de fraying the Charge of Guards, Garisons, and Marines, and the contingent Charges thereof in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey, and for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations,

Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons of Annapolis Royal, Canfa, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, Georgia, and Rattan, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and for or towards defraying the Charge of his Majesty's Army to be employed Abroad in the Low Countries, Extraordinary Germany, or elsewhere; for other Services relating thereto for the Year one thousand seven hundred Charge of so and forty-four; and for or towards defraying the extraordinary Charge of Forage, avaggon Money, r;, sc w 'es°a and other Expenses, incurred or to be incurred for the Service of the A'ear one thousand seven hundred Monty and forty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred twenty-four thousand 554, 0231. 8 s. twenty-three Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, on account of the extraordinary Charges of the 3t for extraor' Troops serving in Flanders, incurred in the Years one thousand seven hundred and forty-two and one d'nf>'ch, 'rbes of thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of yian5ers°ps m Money not exceeding sixty six thousand one hundred and nine Pounds thirteen Shillings and ten Pence, 66, 7091. 13 s. on account of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia, for the Preservation and Defence of his Ma 10 <3. for Defence jesty's Dominions on the Continent of North America, from the twenty second Day of September one of the No"1'thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight to the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hun American set dred and forty-three, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed V "iis?, ing nineteen thousand one hundred sixty eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, for the Charge 4a. for two* of two Troops of Rangers, one Highland Company, together with the Charge of Half Galleys or Schoon Troops of rm ers, Sailors, and Boatmen, to be employed in Georgia for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and srs> 3 higur.d forty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty seven thousand seven hundred and p°gpany> e three Pounds seventeen Shillings and seven Pence Farthing, for the Pay and Forage of the General and .'jtj., Staff Officers, and likewise for the Say of the Officers of the Hospital serving with his Majesty's p'orces ]i. 1 for tits in Flanders for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Ado ray and Forage ney not exceeding five thousand four hundred and sixty Pounds for providing three hundred thirty-one Genepi and Horses lost at the Battle of Dettingen; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty thousand nine hundred fifty-nine Pounds four Shillings and five Fence Farthing, for defraying the extraordinary ^' Hospiulin Expenses and Services of his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plan Flanders, rations, incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and not provided for by Par 54601, for liament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-one thousand six hundred ninety five Horses lost at: ha Pounds and twelve Shillings, upon account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land 01 e Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, subject to such Rules ro be ofn g L 41. observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the same; jd.' iq, for ex

tvaordinary St

vices of the Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, C 31, 6951. 123, kr hull pay,

and

566 C 33. __________ Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

38121. for Pen and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds, for pay fjnnr to reduced ing Of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died Oftccr Vidowj. upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; which said Sum of three thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, diredf or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

9.00,000 1. to

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, make good En there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred thou gagcnients with sand Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty; tiiniat'" 6 ° " an any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, to make good his ma-300,000]. to jesty's Engagements with the Queen of Hungary, for the Support of the House of Aujiria, and restoring Lake good En the Balance of Power in Europe.

gagements with the Queen of Hungary.

Several Defici

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore

t ncies made Lid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand

s°°k '°fh three hundred ninety-two Pounds nineteen Shillings and five Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the

lns un like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chrijhnas

4392]. 19s. 5d. one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-two for the additional thousand Pounds, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, for one year's In stamp Duties, terest due on or before the fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, on the terest of money" ^>r'ncta' Sum f one million two hundred thousand Pounds, lent on the Credit of the Salt Duty to ixirrowed othe warts the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thousand two hundred ninety five Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, at which Time the said Duty was determined, and the Sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds charged thereon, was transferred to the Duties on Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters by retail; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds s'vm ts and made even Shillings, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or foreign Fruits or Sugar, at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand Pounds, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, tve/lminfer; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand Pounds, for the Repair of the Parish Church of Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster.

Salt Duties. s2951.9 s.

X d. Deficiency o7 the i ot Act.

13, 8701.7 s.

Wines.

20,000l. towards maintaining the African Forts.

4,000 1. for repairing St. peter's Westminster.

4000 1. for St. John the Evangelist.

25, cool, towards building Westminster Bridge.

719, 9341. 45. 4 d. 2 q. for Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1743. 55, 827 I. 16s, 3 d. 2 q. Deficiency of the General Fund.

XIX. And it is hereby cnadfted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifilled and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, or any seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall he appointed under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them to receive the same, the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, without Account, other than as is directed for the other Moneys raised by virtue of the several former Aits of Parliament parted during the Reign of his present Majesty for building the said Bridge, to be applied towards enabling the said Commissioners to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as, aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred nineteen thousand nine hundred thirty-four Pounds four Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-five thousand eight hundred twenty seven Pounds sixteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for making Good the Deficiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-three.

10 n'a^ good

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That it shall and may be lawful

Treaties'1 r VS Majesty to issue and apply out of the Aids aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be

found necessary to be issued and applied for or towards the Payment of such Subsidies and other Charges as shall be due upon Treaties made or to be made with his Majesty's Allies, and other Expenses for the

Service

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgi r II C 33. 567

Service of the War, for any Time before and until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or Th for^oint; applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, not C >* for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or

any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Sef, cr lcs' fion of Parliament.

XXIII. And as to the said Sum of thirty-one thousand six hundred ninety five Pounds and twelve Shil Ru' "for

lings, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; is hereby enacted and declared of

by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Applica g

thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was a Mi C zz.

nor, and under the Age of Sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served, was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did adtuafservice in fonie Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, i6cco.z. c.zj, 'intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund; and for ap 1 plying a further Sum therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three;

and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and

Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty six

thousand one hundred thirty seven Pounds and ten Pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced

Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed

1 in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf

Mow it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said t^et>r5, rp! "!

Sum of twenty six thousand one hundred thirty seven Pounds and ten Pence, as is or shall be more than a tobeappliei

sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules by the said Act prescribed to be ob to (he Compas

served in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such fionate List.

Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long

Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or

Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his Majesty's Royal Sign Ma

rual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Adito the contrary not

withstanding.

Provision for Exchequer Bills and Lottery Tickets lost, burnt, &c. Time given to Clerks and Apprentices, &c. to pay the Duties."

EXP.

XXVII. And whereas diverse Persons did (in pursuance and upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An z Ann. C t, Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as are therein mentioned) purchase several Annuities payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Life and Lives of one, two, and three Person or Persons respectively: And whereas diverse Persons did (in pursuance and upon the Credit of another Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, in 3 Ann. r. z, tituled, An Act for raising Moneys by Sale of several Annuities for carrying on the present War) purchase a reversionary or future Estate or Interest in several of the said Annuities payable by virtue of the said former Adito take Effect from and after the Determination of such respective Estates for one, two, or three Life or Lives in being, and to continue for and during the Residue and Remainder of a Term of ninety-nine Years therein mentioned, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four, and then to come and unexpired: And whereas some of the said Nominees for whose Lives some of the said Annuities are or have been held, cannot he found or heard of, and the Parties that are or were entitled to such Annuities, do net come or send to demand the said Annuities, so that it is become uncertain whether such Nominees be living or dead, whereby the Titles of the Purchasers of such Reversions are become and will become disputabiefor Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That' in case any of the said Annuities (whereupon Tj, e tj(r_ he Reversion or Reversions were so purchased as aforesaid) are or final! not be demanded at the Exche ror Anm: ui?j |uer for the Space of two Years next after the same shall become payable: and in case Certificates of the chins.=g.

Jfe and Lives of any Nominee or Nominees, upon whose Life or Lives any Annuities do depend, shall lot be produced to the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer, or sufficient Proof made thereof according 0 the Rules prescribed by the former Acts, within two Years next after the said Annuities shall from Time to Time become payable, then and from thenceforth, from and after the Expiration of the said two

Years,

5-63

C 34. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Years, such Nominee or Nominees, ofwhofe Life or Lives no such Certificate shall be produced, or Proof made, Hall be taken to be dead, and the Person or Persons that hath or "have purchased, or shall hereafter purchase such Reversion or Reversions of such Annuity or Annuities expeblaut upon the Death of such Nominee or Nominees, of whole Life or Lives no such Certificate shall be produced, or Proof made, shall receive the said respective Annuity or Annuities, from time to time, until such Certificate shall be produced, or Proof made, and shall not be accountable for such Part of the said Annuity as he shall then have actually received, for Default of such Certificate or Proof; anything in the said former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

>0 =.r.t.s An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to

iw,

7^ifk^.e7si

9 © 10 IV 3. c.fai

annoy the Enemy.

2 Ann. C 6. 4 5 Ann. C 19. 10 Ann, C 17. 1 Geo. 1. c. 25. 8 Geo. ic, 24. I Geo. 2. Ji. 2. C 9

*4 z Geo. 2. c. 7 & 36. 6 £7*0.2. C 25. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. llgco. 2. C 30. i^gco. 2. C 3 G? 17. 14 Geo. 2. 38.

WHEREAS his Majesty being engaged in a just and necessary War against France, and being resolved to prosecute the same with the utmost Vigour, has for the Encouragement of his faith full Subjects, serving on board his Ships of War, or Privateers, been graciously pleased by his Royal Declaration, bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, to grant that the Flag Officers, Commanders and Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on hoard every Ship or Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, and on board Privateers, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandizes and Effects, which they shall take during the Continuance of this War against France, being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of his Plantations in America, or other Dominions of Great Britain: And whereas by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his Ma $2 c*' o. 1, C 4. 4 jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his majfly's Service, the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandise, taken from the Spaniards, is given to the Flag Officers, Commanders and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Sol diers on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, and to Privateers (being first ad judged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Plantations in America, or elsewhere) and diverse Rules and Regulations are therein established for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes taken from the Spaniards; and by the said Act a Bounty is given to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others that shall have been actually on board such of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War or Privateer or Privateers, in any Ablion where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers, shall have been taken from the Enemy, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed: And whereas it is necessary that the same Encouragements in all Respebts should be given to the Captors of French Ships, Vessels, Goods and Merchandizes, and the same Rules and Regulations should be ob served in the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes taken from the French: 'Now to the End that his Majesty's raoft gracious Intention may have full Force and effeist, and for the better carrying on the said War against France with Vigour, and for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships of War, and the Officers and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels, having commissions, or Letters of Mark; and for inducing all British Seamen, who may be in any foreign Service, to return into this Kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty, and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects; Be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders and other Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty's Pay, shall have the sole Interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods and Merchandizes, which they have taken on or since the twenty-ninth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, or shall hereafter take (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Plantations in America, or elsewhere) to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty by his said Declaration, bearing Date the twenty-ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, ordered and di rcbled; or in such Proportions, and after such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors flail think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall at the Request of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, giving such Bail and Security as have been usually taken upon granting commissions or Letters of Mark (except only for the Payment of the Tenths of the Value of Prizes which shall be taken, to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being) cause to be issued forth in the uffial Manner one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War, or Merchandizes belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty's Enemies in I any

Ships of War in his Majesty's Pay, to have the sole Properry of all the; r Prizes, being first ad lodged 11 the Court of Admiralty.

Lords of the Admiralty to give out Commissions to Privateers,

the Tenor of their Co mm if" irons.

A.D. 1744. Anno clecimo fcptinio Georgii II. c. 34. 569

any Sea, Creek, Haven or River, and that such Ship or Ships, Veiled or Vefleb, Arms, Ammunition,

Store's of War, goods and Merchandise? whatsoever, with all their.£urnjt<|re, Tackle or Apparel, so to'be"taken by or with such private Owner or Owners Ship or Veiled, according to such Commission and,

Commissions (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid) shall wholly and Entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Privateers Com, Ship or vessel, and the several Persons which flial 1 be on hoard the same, and be aiding and assisting to p3" f, ^of'3rt'* the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners 04 Wet according such Ship or Veiled as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and to their Connart Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be thus entitled thereto by virtue of such with the owu agreements among themselves; that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral,

Vice Admiral, Governor, qr other Person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, 'or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of I'uch Ship or vef fd, being the Cajrtor of such Prize, Ship or vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes, and the Persons claiming under him or them, flial 1 be inti tied to any Part or Share thereof (ckcept as to the Cuiloms and Duties hereafter mentioned); any Custom, Statute or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Prize Ship Method of Conor veil'd, Goods or Merchandizes taken as aforesaid, and for lessening of the Expenses that have been llie

usual in the like Cases; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, or other Person or Persons thereto authorised, shall within the Space of five Days after Request to him or them for that Purpose made, ftnish the usual preparatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such Cases, in order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to inquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not; and that the proper Monition usual in such Caies shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the same, and shall be executed in the usual Manner by the Person or Persons proper to execute the same, within the Space of three Days after Request in that Behalf made; and in case no Claim of such Capture, Ship, vessel or Goods shall be duly entered or made in the usual Form, and a'ttested upon Oath, giving twenty Days Notice after the Execution of such Monition, or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within five Days give sufficient Security (to be. approved by such Court of Admiralty) to pay double Coils to the Captor or Captors of such Ship, vessel or Goods, incase the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful Prize, that then the Judge or j udges, of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to him or them the said Examinations, or Copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them upon Oath, all Papers and Writings which shall have been found, taken in or with such Capture, or upon Oath made that no such Papers were found, immediately and without further Delay, proceed to Sentence, either to discharge and acquit such Capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful Prize, according as the Case shall appear to him Or them, upon Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and also of the Writings found, taken in or with such Capture, if any such Writing shall be found; and in case such Claim shall be duly entered or made, and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to examine any Witnesses, other that what shall be then near to such court of Admiralty; that then such Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Witnesses to be examined within the Space of ten Days after such Claim made, and Security given, and proceed to such Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture; but in case upon making orentering such Claim, and the Allegation and Oath thereupon, or the producing such Writings as shall have been found, taken in or with such Capture, or upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear necessary according to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have ah Examination upon Pleadings given in by the Parties, and admitted by the Judge, of Witnesses that are remote from such Court of Admiralty, and such Examination shall be desired, and that it be Hill. insisted on, on Behalf of the Captors, that the said Capture is lawful Prize, and that the contrary be still persisted' in' on the Claimants Behalf; that then the said Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons to be named by the Parties, and appointed by the Court, and sworn' truly to appraise the same according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge, for which Purpose the said Judge or Judges shall cause the Goods found on Board to be unladen, and an Inventory thereof being first taken by the marshal of the Admiralty or his Deputy, shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate Locks of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officer', and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants' at the Charge of the Party or Parties desiring the same, and shall after such Appraisement made, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of such Claim, proceed to take good and sufficienc Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof according to such Appraisement case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize; and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Captors to pay such Costs as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship shall not be condemned as lawful Prize; and after such Securities duly given, the said Judge or Judges shall make an Interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be actually released or delivered accordingly.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimant or Claimants shall re 'if the Clainmt. fuse to give such Security, the Judge or j udges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner, to give refute to give southeast good and sufficient security, tfroe approved of by the Claimant or Claimants, to pay the said Claimant curity> thecap or Claimants the full Value thereof according to the Appraisement, iiycufe any fuclt Capture or Captures, ors may and., VOL. VI - 4 D > proceed to lr i.

57° C 34*

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Method of pro cfeding with Frizes carried into any of the American Colonies.

Penalty on.any Judges abroad delaying Trial,

What shall be

shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize; and the said Judge or Judges shall thereupon proceed to make an Interlocutory Order for the releasing and delivering the same to the said Captor or Captors, or their Agents. '

V. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall, be brought into any of his Majesty's Colonies or plantations in America., shall, without breaking Bulk, stay there and be under the joint Care and Custody of the collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or where there is no Comptroller, of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and all the Captors thereof and their Agents, subject to the Directions of the Court of Admiralty, until cither the same shall, by final Sentence, have been either cleared and discharged', or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid, shall have been made for the releasing or delivering of the same; and upon the Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall in case the same were taken by any such private Ship or Ships commissioned as aforesaid, be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof, and their Agents, to be by them disposed of as their Goods and Chattels; and in case the same were taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, unto such Person or Persons, and to be so divided and disposed of, as his Majesty has, by his said Declaration, ordered and dirc£fed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and successors shall, by Proclamation or proclamations.hereafter to be issued for that Purpose, order and dire£h

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other Officer or Officers in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions Abroad, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making or pronouncing any of the several Proceedings, Matters or Things, for, towards or relating to condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering of any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the respective Times herein before limited, or as soon as the same, or any of them, ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; all and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of the Courts in or for any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within his Kingdom of Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto,

paid in the Courts or among all the Judges and Officers of such Court of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations or of Admiralty Dominions Abroad, for, towards or relating to the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid, inland" condem as Pr'ze> above the Sum often Pounds, in case such Prize, Ship or Vessel be under the Burden

oingvrizcs. of one hundred Tonnes, nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the same be of that or any greater

Burden; and that upon Payment of either of the said respective Sums, as the Case shall require, to the said Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fit, among the Officers of such Court; such Judges and Officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every the several Penalties hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and respective Duties or Offices, in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, within the re spebtive Times herein for that Purpose limited.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Court of Admiralty in any of his Majesty's Plantations or Dominions Abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggreived, to appeal from the said Court of Admiralty to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing and determining Appeals in Causes of Prizes; such Appeal to be allowed in the like Manner as Appeals to such Commissioners are now allowed from the Court of Admiralty within this Kingdom, so as the same be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants, that lie or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and answer the Condemnation, and also pay treble Costs, as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence of such Court of Admiralty be affirmed; anything in this Act before to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That the Execution of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence shall be given, to restore the Ship, Vessel, Goods or Effebffs, concerning which such Sentence shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence so appealed from shall be reversed.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any Person who was not a Party in the first Instance of the Cause, shall interpose an Appeal from a Sentence given in any Admiralty Court, such Person, or his or her Agent, shall at the same Time, enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null and void.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Commanders,

the Value for Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, soldiers or others, shall break Bulk on board, or imbezil any of t; oods imbeailed the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel of or belonging to such cn hond any Prize or Prizes so taken; such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, Soldier or others, shall forfeit i'uzcs. treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandise, Tackle, Furniture or Apparel,

as he or they shall imbezil; one third Part thereof to be to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other two third Parts thereof, to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Plaint or in tormation, in any Court of Record in Great Britainx in which bo Eftbin, Protection or Wager of Law, ur more than one Imparlance fh; dl be allowed.

XII. a*td

Appeal to com miiboners.

Appellant to give Security.

To forfeit treble

A.D.

1'744*

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

C 34-

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Apprnisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandises as shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, shall be made by Agents or Persons nominated and appointed in equal 'lumbers by ie Commander, Officers or ship's Company, and others entitled thereunto (that is to say) that if the Commander or Commanders of such Ship or Ships as shall take any such Prize or Prizes, shall nominate and appoint one or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, to sell or appraise the same as aforesaid, then the Officers entitled thereunto, or the Majority of them, shall nominate and appoint the like Number of Persons or Agents to act for them, and the ship's Company and others, or the major Part of them, shall a!so nominate and appoint the same Number of Persons or Agents to act on their Behalf in such Appraisement or Sale.

XIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to alter or make void any Agreement or Agreements, made or to be made tin Writing, between the Owners, Officers and Seamen of any private Ships or Vessels of War.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Sale or Sales of such Prize or Prizes as shall be taken from the Enemy, by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, public Notification shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors aforesaid; which public Notification, if any Mens Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from his Majesty's Service, or which shall not he legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or agents Hands, or belonging<to such Men as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospiul.

57r

ap^nli oro! Prize, to be uppr.t.t'a.

Publicfr Notice to be given by genu, of tl r Day appointee to pay the Czptuis Shares.

Shares not demanded in 3 Years, to go tq Greenwich huf pi cal.

XV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Prizes nnt e herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares or Mer,:, roi: 'chanaizes, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of iiis Ma ca"'om'" jesty's Plantations in America, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to such Restrictions and Regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the Laws

and Statutes of this Realm.

XVI. And for the encouraging his Majesty's Subjects to engage in joint and united, as well as fepa

pate Expenses, Expeditions and Adventures; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Charters to be Majesty be, and he and his Heirs and Successors are hereby empowered from Time to Time, during the granted to Ai Continuance of the present or any future War, to grant or make any Charter, Commission or Grant, 'eaturvcs' Charters, Commissions or Grants, for the better or more effectual enabling any Society or Societies, or particular Persons, to join in any Expeditions or Adventures, by Sea or Land, and to fail to and in any Seas for the attacking, surprising, taking or destroying any Ships, Goods, Movables and Immoveables,

Settlements, Factories, Creeks, Harbours, Places of Strength, Lands, Sorts, Castles and Fortifications, now belonging or hereafter to belong to, or to be possessed by any Enemy of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and for the better making and carrying on any Preparations for such Purpose and Purposes, and for the making and alluring to the Societies and Persons which may be concerned, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, full and undoubted Properties, Rights and Titles of, in and to, and the full Enjoyment of all and every the Ships, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Chattels, Movables and Immoveables, Settlements, Factories, Places of Strength or Security, Lands, Sorts,

Castles or Fortifications, now belonging to, or possessed by, or hereafter to belong to, or to be possessed by any Enemy of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which such Society or Persons shall take, or cause to be taken from any such Enemy; together with all the Proceed, Profits and Advantages, which may accrue of or by the same or any of them, with and under such Regulations, and in such Manner and Form as his Majesty, his Heirs and successors shall think fit; and at any Time or Times afterwards, by any further Grants or Charters, to confirm, corroborate and further assure the Premises, and every or any of them, to the said Societies or Persons concerned, their and every of their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, so as to enable them, and every of them, to have, hold and enjoy the full Benefit thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Law, Statute, Provision or Declaration to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided always, That nothing shall be contained in any Charter, Commission or Grant, made Free Trade for in pursuance of this Act, to exclude or restrain any of his Majesty's Subjects, from having a full and free al Majesty Trade to the Places and territories contained in such Charters. Subjects, to the

chartered Con

XVIII. And as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, on '3uefo> board his Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack, take and destroy any Ships of Force belonging to the Enemy; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Trea bounty money surer of his Majesty's Navy, upon Billsto be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid to be paid for according to the Course thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers takin? or de or others, that shall have been actually on board such of his Majesty's Ship or Ships of War, or Priva fir°ying thcens« teer or Privateers, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers, shall have been taken mlcsshlps from the Enemy, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, since his Majesty's Declaration of War against Trance, five Pounds for every Man which was living on board any Ship or Ships so taken, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oaths of three or more of the chief Officers, or Men which were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of War, or Privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any of them at the Time of her or

4 D z their

572

Captor' to sp point Agents to aeceive the County money.

prize money not demanded in three Years, to go to Greenwich Hospithal.

Goods of British Subjects retaken from the Enemy, how to be disposed of.

Penalties on Ships taken by Coliufion.

C 34. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, before the Mayor, or other chief ma gistrate of the Port, within any of his Majesty's Dominions, whereunto any Prize or Officers, or Men of such Ships as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; or before the British Consul, or Vice Consul, residing at any neutral Port, to which such Prize, or Officers or Men, shall be brought; which Oaths the said Mayor, or other chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul, or Vice Consul, are hereby empowered and required to administer, and shall forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, without Fee or Reward, directed to the Commissioners of the Navy; upon producing which Certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, together with an authentic Copy of the Condemnation of such Ship so taken, or if such Ship be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor or other chief Magistrate, or Consul, or Vice Consul, as aforesaid, the said of of his Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purposes shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on Board his Majesty's Ships of War, in Manner, Form, and Proportion, as by his Majesty's Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers, and Seamen of any private Veiled, or Ship of War, in such Manner and Proportion, as by any Agreement in Writing the y shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of his Majesty's Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwfe destroying any Ships of War, or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's Enemies, shall be.made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised and appointed by the Commander, and by the majority of the Officers, and the major Part of such Ships Company, and others, as shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed the same, to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so authorised and appointed amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as aforesaid; several Shares of which Captors, if not legally demanded within three Years after public. Notification, and also of such as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and that the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers, for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War, or Privateers belonging to any of his Majesty's .enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons, as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportion as shall have been agreed by them as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship, vessel, or boat taken as Prize, or any Goods therein shall appear, and be proved in the Court of Admiralty to have belonged to any of his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing under his Majesty's protection and Obedience, which were before taken or surprised by any of his Majesty's Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his Majesty's Enemies, by any of his Majesty's Ships of War; or any private Man of War, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat under his Majesty's Protection and Obedience; that then such Ships, Vessels, 'Boats and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's Subjects, shall in all Cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be by Decree of the said Court of Admiralty accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of Salvage, it retaken from the Enemy by one of his Majesty's Ships of War, an eighth Part of the true value of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods respectively so to be restored; Salvage shall be answered and paid to the Captains, Officers, and Seamen in the said Man of War, to be divided in such Manner, as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen. Marines, and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War; and if taken by a Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, before it has been in the Possession of the Enemy twenty-four Hours, an eighth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods; and if it has been in the Possession of the Enemy above twenty-four Hours, and under forty-eight Hours, a fifth Part thereof; and if above forty-eight Hours, and under ninety six Hours, a third Part thereof; and if above ninety six Hours, a Moiety thereof; all which Payments to be made to any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be without any Deductions; and if such Ship fore taken by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private Alan of War, shall appear to have been after the taking by the Enemy by them set forth as a Man of War, the former Owners and Proprietors to w hom the lame shall be restored shall be adjudged to pay, and shall pay for Salvage, the full Moiety of the true Value of the said Ship so taken and restored, without Deduction as aforesaid; Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandizes shall be taken by any Privateer, through Consent, or clandestinely, or say col lusion or Connivance, such Ship and vessel, and such Goods and Merchandizes, and also the Ships Tackle, Furniture, Apparel, and Ammunition of such Privateer, shall, upon Proof thereof to be made in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty, and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same, and the Bond given by the Captain of such Privateer shall be and is hereby adjudged to be forfeited to his Majesty; and in case any such Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be taken by any

3 Alai

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

C 35* 573

Man of war, through Consent clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance of the Commander or Captain, such Commander or Captain shall forfeit the Sum of one thousand Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall discover and sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Captain or Officer shall forfeit his Command and Employment, and shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of any Office of Employment under his Majesty during the Space of seven Years; and the said Goods and Merchandizes, and the Shin,

Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns, and Ammunition so taken by Collusion, shall be and is hereby adjudged to be good Prize to his Majesty.

XXII. And whereas good and necessary Laws have been made, and are still in Force, within several No Privateer,

of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the preventing the carrying off from the said in America,

Colonies or Plantations any Servant or Slave, without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying °ff^servant0" 1*

from thence any other Person or Persons whatsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket withou?confcnc from the secretary's Office within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under ofiuafter;

such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Mer put in all Cases chants Ships having Letters of Mark, shall, upon their going into any of those Ports or Harbours, be to observe, hc subject, and they are hereby determined to be subject to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and j; aws of the Forfeitures, in and by such Laws made and provided; anything in this Act contained to the contrary 0ujjt'7 thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of several Clauses in the said All Prizes talcea Act made in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual fe from the Spa ' curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British subjects to America, and for the Encouragement nlar^=> shall be of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service', ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from corduigui the and after the first Day of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, all Proceedings Method in any of his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty concerning the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes feribed by this taken from the Spaniards, shall be according to the Form and Method directed and prescribed by this act present act.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to restrain his Ma His Majesty jesty, his Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions to his respective Courts of feaionsvc^his*" Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue courts of ad cessors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, should be thought necessary or proper. miralty.

XXV. And whereas in all private Ships of War, or Merchant Ships that shall take out Letters of

Mark, it is expedient for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships, that all Persons who shall enter themselves on Board the said Ships, should be under proper Regulations to pay Obedience

to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chis Commanders of the said Ships; 'Be it therefore Offenders on.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman on Board boardprivateers, any Privateer or Merchant Ship taking Letter of Mark, during the present War with Spain or to be puiy(hed France, shall be punished in such Manner as the like Offences are punishable on Board his Majesty's ships°of vvar. Ships of War.

XXVI. Provided always, That all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable Oft'eoces in a only by a court-martial, shall be confined on Board such Privateer or Merchant Ship carrying Letter of Privateer, and Mark, on which such Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive in some Port in Great j'nly £0='l2able Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of his Majesty's Ships of War Abroad, as are fuf tfa]a where" to be ficient to make a court-martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of such Privateer, tried, or Merchant Ship carrying Letter of Mark, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commis Concemipg sea sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or the Commen fie farther

rr in rl a ( in G U inf nf Viia 1\/tni fmrl CL «, -»/ % n^A J Y! T — - J U! L A J! I > - f 1. —. __-'T I 8 G CO 2 C 3 2

2. C 24

22 Geo. a 2. C 52. 24

Geo. 2. c. 47.

31 Geo 2 C 10. and z Geo. i. c.$ I

mander in Chief of, his Majesty's said Ships of War Abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commis, 0lr sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three^or more of them, or such Commander in Chief Abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call court-martial for trying and punishing the said Offences.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge an Act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals. '

WHEREAS by An made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles 16 & 17 Car. 2.

the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, it is (among! other C -

enacted, That the Lord Mayor of London, and the Court of Aldermen, for the Time being, 2. C 8.

and the Justices of Peace of the several and respective Counties and Places, where Coals, commonly 7

called Sea Coals, brought into the River of Thames, are sold by Retail, or any three or more of them, /; 7 j. (r9, 7

1 whereof one to be of the Quorum, should be, and are thereby empowered to set the Rates and Prices lofifn ir. 3.

C 21. 8 Ann.

#.4.9 Anne. 6, 22 & 28, 12 Ann St, z C927. 5 Geo. j g. 8 Geo. 1. c. 74, 3 Geo. 2. c. 26.

1 of

574 O. 36. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

of all such Coals as should h sold by Retail, as they from time to time should judge reasonable, allow ing a competent Profit to the said Retailer, beyond the Price, paid by him to the Importer, and the or dinary Charges thereupon accruing: And whereas many Exactions and Abuses are used by Retailers of Sea Coals, brought by Sea into other p ivers, Creeks, Havens, Ports, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Coun ties and Places, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, besides such Counties and Places where such Coals brought into the River Thames were and are sold by Retail: For avoiding of which Exactions and Abuses in such other Counties and Places as aforesaid, a like Remedy is needful to be provided, as by the said recited Act is provided, touching the 'retailers of Coals brought into the said River of Thames, and sold; 'Wherefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and tempo isle retail°price rab an Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from on Coals in any and after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty i'ariof England, four, the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any three or more of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, shall be, and are hereby empowered to set the Rates and prices of all such Coals, called Sen coals, as shall be brought by Sea into any other Rivers, Creeks, Havens, or Ports, and sold by Retail after t landed, in any other Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Counties, and Places within the Kingdom of England,

Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to which the said recited Act doth not extend, allowing a comas they from time to time shall judge reasonable, allowing a competent Profit to the said Retailer, beyond ITT aifere the Price paid by him to the Importer, and the ordinary Charges thereupon accruing; and that if any pew 'rf Tuft" insroffcr or Retailer of such Coals, shall refuse to sell as aforesaid, that then the said Justices of the Peace c^tthere'" respectively are hereby authorised to appoint and empower such Officer or Officers, or other Persons, as tailors refuse to they shall think fit, to enter into any Wharf, or other Place, where such Coals are stored up; and in fellas ordered, case of Refusal, taking a Constable, to force Entrance, and the said Coals to sell, or cause to be sold, at such Rates as the said Justices respectively shall judge reasonable, rendering to such Ingrosser or Retailer the Money for which the said Coals shall be so sold, necessary Charges being deducted; and if any Action shall be commenced again! the Justice of Peace, Constable, or any Officer or Person for anything General Issue. to be done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant in every such Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Verdict be found for him, or the Plaintiff become Treble Costs, nonsuited, such Defendant shall recover and have his Damages, and Treble costs of Suit, for his unjust Vexation in that Behalf.

No interested

IL. Provided always, That no Person having Interest in any Wharf used for the receiving and uttering i'erfgn to be "of Coals, or that doth or shall trade by himself or others, in his own or any other Name, in the Sale of concerned in any Coals, or the engrossing the same, in order to sell the same, and not for his own private Use only,

o'lfcoals. r Ce ai^' or otherwise intermeddle in the setting the Price of Coals > anything in this Act to the contrary

in any wise notwithstanding.

Concerning Coals

see farther t9geo. 2. C 35. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37, 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 31 Geo. a. C 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27, 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for permitting certain Goods therein enumerated, to be imported during the War in British built Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of William Ord, and others, and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and in ireafing of Skipping and Navigation, as to the Importation on the Account of Aliens, of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships duly navigated.

12. c&r. z. C 1s.'"WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, 'an All far the encouraging and incre afing of Shipping and Navigation, It is enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, " or Manufac ture of Muscovy, or of any the Countries! Dominions, dr Territories to the Great Duke or Emperor of Mufcopy or Russia belonging; as also that no Sorts of Mails, Timber, or Boards, no foreign Salt,

Pitch, Tar, Rozin, Hemp, or Flax, Raifms, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oils, no Sort of Corn or Grain,

Sugar, pot ashes, V ines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua Vites, or Brandy Wine, should, from and after the first Day of April which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty one,

be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessd or Vessels whatsoever, but in such as do.truly, and without Fraud, belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners, at leaf!, are English; that no Currans, nor Commodities of the Growth, Product,

or Manufacture of any of the Countries, Islands, Dominions, or Territories to the Othoman or Turkish Empire belonging, should, from and after the first Day of September which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty one, be imported into any the forementioned Places, in any Ship or Vessel, but which is of English built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such f foreign Ships and Vessels, as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods are the J*Growth,

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 36. 575

Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods ran only be,

or moult usually are, first hipped for Transportation, and whereof 'the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners, at least, are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods

41 And whereas the selling of British built Ships to foreigners, is a beneficial Branch of Trade, and ought therefore to be encouraged; and it is highly reasonable, that British Ships so sold to, or being the Pro

of Foreigners, (hold enjoy the same Privilege in these Kingdoms, as if they were of the Built of the fespective Countries or Places from whence such Shins do conic May it pleal'e your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, anti

by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and it>crty, n forty-four, and during the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them, and no longer, the coodjtn^'rciii said recited Clause in the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King chaiu.es the Second, shall ships during ike not extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons whatsoever from im War. porting into the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, any of the Goods or Merchandizes mentioned and expressed in the aforesaid Clause, in Shipping built in Great Britain, Ireland, the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or in any the Islands, Dominions and Territories to his Majesty, in y.ifrica, Asia, or America, belonging or in his Possession, so as the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least, belonging to and navigating any such Ship or Veiled, are British), or of the same Country or Place of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production or Manufactures respectively, and not otherwise.

EXP.

II. Provided always, That all Goods and Merchandizes imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Ships belonging to and the Property of Foreigners, altho' British built, shall pay Aliens and all other Duties, in the same Manner as if such Ships were foreign built.

III. And whereas a certain Ship or Vessel British built, and called or known by the Name of The Saint John Baptist, Saint Paul, and Souls, Joseph Lewis de Cabo, Master, and navigated with foreign

Mariners, did since the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, arrive into this Kingdom, laden with some of the Goods and Merchandizes mentioned and expressed in the before recited Clause in the Act of the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second; which said Goods and Merchandizes belong to, and are the Property of William Ord, Merrick Barrel, and John Raymond, of London, Merchants: And whereas the said Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes are prevented from entering the same, on account of their being liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted there

4 by Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said william orj, William Ord, Merich Burrell, and John Raymond, the Owners of the said Goods imported since the first c j"frpor: Day of February last, in the Ship Saint John Baptist, Saint Paul, and Souls aforesaid, to enter and pay the J. °° thctst. Duties for the said Goods and Merchandizes, without incurring any Penalties or Forfeitures whatsoever, john Baucis. " for or by reason of the said recited Clause; and that the said Goods and Merchandizes so to be entered, or the said Ship Saint John Baptist, Saint Paul, and Souls, in which they were imported, shall not be liable to any Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importations being contrary to the said before recited Clause.

IV. And whereas by two other Clauses in the aforesaid Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Africa, Asia or America, or any Part thereof,

or which are described or laid down in the usual Maps or Charts of those Places, be imported into England, Ireland or Wales, Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the find Goods and Commodities can only, or are or usually have been first hipped for Transportation, and from none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such the aforesaid Goods as shall be imported from any other Place or Country,

contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, as also of the Ship in V hich they were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel: And whereas there is a proviso in the said Act, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the People of England, Ireland, Wales,

Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Vessels or Ships to them belonging,

and whereof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English, to load and bring in from any of the Ports of Spain or Portugal, or Western Islands, commonly called Azores, or Madeira,

or Canary Islands, all Sorts of Goods or Commodities of the Growth Production or Manufacture or the Plantations or Dominions of either of them respectively: whereas Disputes have arose on the Construction of the said Proviso, whether Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the Plantations of Spain or Portugal, may be imported for account of Aliens, from the Places and in the Manner expressed in the said Proviso, and whether such Goods belonging to Aliens so imported, are not liable to be forfeited, together with the Ship; which tends to the Prejudice of the British Naviga tion, as likewise detrimental to the public Revenue Be it therefore further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import the Goods cood^the Pro mentioned in the said Proviso, and in such Ships so navigated, as in the said Proviso is expressed, although pmv, f Aliens such Goods belong to and are the Property of Aliens. maybe imported.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not ex proviso. tend or be construed to extend to alter, repeal or make void all or any the Clauses, Matters or Things contained in an Act of Parliament passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for prohibiting 13020.2.0.27. Commerce with Spain 3 anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

576 C 37-

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

43 eli?.

Drained Lands r pay paro ch); il Taxss,

Justices in General Quarter sessions to hear and determine Dilutes

Cap. xxxvir.

An Act to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or Places where improved Wastes, and drained and improved Marsh Lands, shall be charged to Parochial Rates.

HER EA S in diverse Counties great Quantities of wade and barren Lands, and Lands which were formerly Fen or Marsh Ground, or covered with Water, have been of late Years improved or drained, and are now of very considerable annual Value, and the Inhabitants therein, and Occupiers thereof, ought to bear and pay a proportionable Part of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to be subject to such Charges, and in like Manner as other Inhabitants and Occupiers of lanjs, C Houses, Tithes Impropriate, Propriations of Tithes, Coal Mines, and saleable Underwoods, are by an Act made in the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the re lies of the Poor, and likewise to bear and pay a proportionable Part of all other Parochial pates; but great Difficulties frequently arise in determining to what Parish or Place such Lands belong, or ought to be rated Be it therefore enacted by the King's moffc Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, where there shall be any Dispute or Uncertainty in what Parish or Place, such Lands heretofore improved or drained, or hereafter to be improved or drained lie, and ought to be rated; all and every the Occupier and Occupiers of such Lauds, or Houses built thereon, Tenements, Tithes arising therefrom, Mines therein, and saleable Underwoods therein growing or hereafter to grow,: shall be rated and a fluffed to the Relief of the Poor, and to all other Parochial Rates within such Parish and Place which lies nearest to such Lands, in like Manner and Form, and subject to the same Direc tions and Regulations as all other Lands within such Parish and Place are by Law liable to be rated and' assessed thereunto; and if on Application to the Officers of such Parish or Place to have such improved or drained Lands rated and assessed as aforesaid, any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching what Parish or Place such Lands ought to be rated and assessed in, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County, p iding, Liberty or Division where such Lands lie, at their next General Quarter sessions to be held for such County, Riding, Liberty or Division, after such Application made as aforesaid, and after Notice given to the Officers of the several Parishes and Places abutting upon and adjoining to such Lands, and to all other Persons claiming and interested therein, to hear and determine the same on the Appeal of any Person interested, and at such Sessions to cause such Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid to be allotted to, and fairly and equally assessed in such Parish or Place as they shall see just and meet, and such Determination and Allotment shall at all Times thereafter be final and conclusive to and upon the said several Parishes and Places, and all other Persons whatsoever, as to the Parish or Place in which such Lands and Hereditaments shall be rated and assessed to the Poor, and all other Parochial Rates as aforesaid; the said Lands and Hereditaments shall, at all Times after such Determination and Allotment, be fated and assessed to the Relief of the Poor, and to all other Parochial Rates within such Parish and Parishes, Place and Places only, to which they shall respectively have been so allotted as aforesaid; Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, nor any Allotment to be made by the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter sessions in pursuance and by virtue thereof, shall extend to, or be deemed or construed to extend to, or in any wise affect or determine the Boundaries of any Parish or Parishes, Place or Places, to any Intent or Purpose, other than for the Purpose of rating and assessing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to the Relief of the Poor, and to all other Parochial Rates within such Parish or Place to which they shall he so allotted as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and belt declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to invalidate, make void, or in any wise alter a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth

and seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for draining of the Fen called Deeping Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned, whereby it is enacted, That the Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, or the Survivor of them, their or any of their Tenants, Farmers or ground holders of any Part of the third Part of the said Fen, or of the five thousand Acres therein mentioned,

should not have any ime hereafter, use or claim any Common of Failure, or other Commonage

of Pasturing in any Part of the Remainder of the said fens, nor any of them, nor in the North Fen of The Poor to be Pinchbeck and Spalding, nor any Part thereof, by virtue or Pretence of his or their Refiance there; but

maintained by a an(j every the Inhabitants that might thereafter be upon any Part of the said third Part, or upon any

&«!»/# art vc t^ou^an4 Acres, and were not able to maintain themselves, should be maintained'

fiefai thir th abd kept by the said Trusteels, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivor of them, and never become next Chapter, ard chargeable in any Kind to all or any the respective Parishes wherein such Inhabitant or Inhabitants should 31 Get.?. C i, reftde or dwell 3 any Statute or Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

16 & 17 Car.

C II

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

C 38. 57 7

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act made in the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor.

WHEREAS by reason of some Defects in an Act of Parliament made in the three and fortieth 43 Eli, C z. ' Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor,

the Money raised for that Purpose is liable to be misapplied, and there is often great Diffieulry and Dc ' lay in raising of the same For Remedy whereof, May it.please your most Excellent Mqcllv, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor hall yearly and cveiy Year, At Time within fourteen Days after other Overseers shall be nominated and appointed to fuececd them, deliver in i' rah offims to such succeeding Overseers, a just, true and perfect Account in Writing, faiily entered in a (look or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers hereby d 1 retted t to account as aforesaid, under their Hands, of all Sums of Money by them received, or rated and assessed and not received; and also of all Goods, Chattels, Stock and Materials that shall be in their Hands, or in the Hands of any of the Poor, in order to be wrought, and of all Moneys paid by Inch Churchwardens and Overseers Co accounting, and of all other 'Filings concerning their said Office; and shall also pay and deliver over all Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels, and other Tilings as shall be in their Hands, unto such succeeding Overseers of the Poor; which said Accountshall be verified by Oath, or by the Affirmation of Persons called jfbtakers, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, which said Oath or Affirmation such justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and requirej to administer, and to sign and attest the Caption of the same, at the Foot of the said Account without Fee

or Reward; and the said Book or Books shall be carefully preserved by the Churchwardens and Over Bonks miy be seers, or one of them, in some public or other Place in every Parish, Township or Place; and they inspected, pav shall and are hereby required to permit any Person there assessed, or liable to be assessed, to inspect the and co

same at all seasonable Times, paying sixpence for such inspection, and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the same, or any Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of LIX Pence for every words', three hundred Words, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Number.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or Penalty on ta any of them, shall refuse or neglect to make and yield up such Account verified as aforesaid, within the riih onker's not Time herein before limited or appointed, or shall refuse or neglect to pay and deliver over such Sum or afcou!'t'j a Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels and other Things in their Planets, as by this Act is directed; in cither t113 ' V lice'3' of the said Cales, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace, to commit

him or them to the common Gaol, until he or they shall have given such Account, or shall have paid and yielded up such Moneys, Goods, Chattels and other Things in their Hands as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Overseer shall die, or reor. an overseer'j move from the Place for which he was appointed, or become info!vent, before the Expiration of his dy'n£> c Two Office, on Oath thereof made, it shall be lawful for two Justices of the Peace to appoint another J "^7rtochoof': Overseer in his Stead, who shall continue in Office until new Overseers are appointed; and if any Over Overseer ren n seer shall remove as aforesaid, he shall before such Removal deliver over to some Churchwarden, or vir, dull deii other Overseer of the same Place, his Accounts verified as aforesaid, with all Rates, assess roents, Books, ver his Accounts Papers, Sums of Money, and other Things concerning his Office, under the like Penalties as are into the ghurcu flidled by this Act on an Overseer refusing to do the same after the Expiration of his Office; and if any "'araen> c overseer shall die as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators shall, within forty Days after his De Executors of cease, deliver over all Things concerning his Office to some Churchwarden, or other Overseer of the Overseers to ac fanie Place; and shall pay out of the Alfets left by such Overseer, all Sums of Money remaining due, c°umm4°da\., which he recieved by virtue of his said Office, before any of his other Debts are paid and finished.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall find him, her or themselves Persons aggrieved aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, or shall have any material Object mayappeaitothe tion to any Person or Persons being put on, or left out of such Rate or Assessment, or to the Sum charged <2iartel"*CAS' on any Person or Persons therein, or shall have any material Objection to such Account as aforesaid, or

any Part thereof, or shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Neglect, Act or Thing done of omitted by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or by any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons in any of the Cases aforesaid, giving reasonable Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of" the Parish, Township or Place, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Corporation or Franchise where such Parish, Towship or Place lies; and the Justices of the Peace there alii rubied are hereby authorised and required to receive such Appeal, and to hear and finally determine the lame; but if it shall appear to the said Justices that reasonable Notice was not given, then they shall au journ the said Appeal to the next Quarter sessions, and then and there finally hear and determine the same; and the said Justices may award and order to the Party, for whom such Appeal shall be determined, reasonable Costs, in the same Manner that they are empowered to do in case of Appeals concerning the Settlement of poor Persons, by an act made in the eighth and ninth Years of King William 8 W, 3. C 3s.

578 C 38*

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 17 44.

Proviso for Cor portions, &c.

KW far ju-11 ices shall give Relief on Appeals.

Clause relating to Warrants of Distress.

vexatious Actions against Overseers.

the Third, intituled, An Act for applying same Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

V. Provided always, That in all Corporations or Franchises who have not four Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons in any of the Cases aforesaid, where an Appeal is given by this Adito appeal, if he or they hall think fit, to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division wherein such Corporation or Franchise is situate.

VI. And whereas it hath been held, that upon Appeals from Rates and Aftefi ments, the Justices of the Peace may not only qiiaih the old Rates, but make new Rates and Aftefi ments, from which no Appeal can be had Re it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Appeals from Rates and assessments, the Justices of the Peace (where they shall see just Cause to give Relief) hall and are hereby required to amend the same, in such Manner only as shall be necessary for giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or Aftefi ments, with respect to other Persons mentioned in the same; but if upon an Appeal from the whole Rate, it shall be found necessary to quash or set aside the same, then and in every such Calc, the said Justices shall and are hereby required to order and direct the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor to make a new equal Rate or Assessment, and they are hereby required to make the same accordingly.

VII. And for the more effectual levying Money assessed for the Relief of the Poor, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goods of any Person assessed, and refusing to pay, may be levied by Warrant of Distress, not only in the Place for which such Assessment was made, but in any other Place within the same County or Precinbl; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the said County or Precinbl, on Oach made thereof before some Justice of any other County or Precinbl (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand of such Justice of the said Warrant) such Goods may be levied in such other County or Precinct by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate; and if any Person shall find Appeal to Quar him or herself aggrieved by such Distress as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal ter ^c.ions. to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or Precinct where such Assessment was made, and the Justices there are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same.

cuufe to prevent

VIII. And to prevent all vexatious Actions against Overseers of the Poor, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money justly due for the Relief of the Poor, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making it be deemed a Trespasser or Trafpaflers, on account of any Defeat, or Want of Form in the Warrant for the Appointment of such Overseers, or in the Rate or Assessment, or in the Warrant of Distress thereupon; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed atrefpafler or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity, which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage, he, he or they hall have sustained thereby, and no more, in an Ablion of Trespais or on the Case, at the Election of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

IX. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such Ablion, he, he or they shall be paid his, her or their full Costs of Suit, and have all the like Remedies for the same as in other Cases of Costs.

X Provided nevertheless, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties distraining before such Action brought.

^urt^er enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall re

rears ^cwcinj* ^u^"c or neglect to Pay to such Overseers as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money that he, she or they burfethe foimer. shall be legally rated or assessed to, it shall and may be lawful to and for the succeeding Overseers, and they are hereby required to levy such Arrears, and out of the Money so levied to reimburse their prede cefi ors all Sums of Money which they have expended for the Use of the Poor, and which are allowed to be due to them in their Accounts as aforesaid.

XII. And whereas Persons frequently remove out of Parishes and Places without paying the Rates

assessed on them, and other Persons do enter and occupy their Houses or Tenements Part of the Year, ' by reason whereof great Sums are annually lost to such Parishes and Places Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons hall come into, or occupy any House, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, or other Premises, out of or from which any other Person assessedshall be removed, or which at the Time of making such Rate was empty or unoccupied, that then every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the same, hall be liable to pay to such Rate, in Proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the same respectively, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalty of Distress, as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming in or occupying, had been orginally rated and assessed in such Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be ascertained by any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That true and just Copies of all Rates and Assessments hereafter to be made for the Relief of the Poor, be fairly wrote and entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every pa riflh, Township or Place, who hall take Care that such Copies be wrote and entered accordingly, within fourteen Days after all Appeals from such Rates are determined, and shall attest the same by putting their Names thereto; and all and every such Book or Booksshall be carefully preserved by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, or one of them, in some publick or other Place, in every such Paxifti, Township or Place, where to all Persons assessed, or liable to be assessed

ma

Plaintiffs recovering, to have full Costs.

Proviso in case of Irregularity.

Clause concerning Persons removing out of Parishes.

Copies of Rates to be entered in a Book,

to be kept for tatlick Pevufal.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 39. 579

may freely resort, and shall be delivered over from Time to Time to the new and succeeding Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, as soon as they enter into their Paid Offices, to be preserved as aforesaid, and shall be produced by them at the General or Quarter sessions, when any Appeal is to be heard or determined.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or other Officer of any Pariftt, Township or Place, shall neglect or refuse to obey and perform jn'l this aitv'1'" the several Orders and Deredtions of this Act or any of them, where no Penalty is before provided by this Act, or shall act contrary thereto; every such Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or other Officer so offending in the Premises, shall for every such Offence, on Oath thereof made, within two Calendar Months after the Offence committed, before any two or more, of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, forfeit for the Use of the Poor of such Parish, Township or Place, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant from such Justices; which Sum shall be paid to some Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of such Parish,

Township or Place, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Overseers of the Poor, within every Power of Ortr township or Place where there are no Churchwardens, shall from Time to Time do, perform and cxe shew are n cute all and every the Acts, Powers and Authorities, concerning the Relief of, and other Matters and churchwarden. Things relating to the Poor, as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor may do, perform and execute Concerning Poor by this Actor any former Statute concerning the Poor, and shall lose, forfeit and fuller all such Pains and fie farther 31 Penalties for Neglect, Abuse or Nonperformance thereof, as Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor Gti c'11' are liable to, by virtue of this or any former Statute concerning the Poor.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to make It High Treason to hold Correspondence with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty's Crown, and for attainting them of High Treason, in Case they shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the Operation and Effect of a Clause in the Act of the seventh Year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms, relating to Forfeitures for High Treason, until after thedeceafe of the Sons of the said Pretender.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in England, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of3 S' C

his late Majesty King William the Third, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the At

of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason; the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales, and since the Decease of the late King James, affirmed the Name and Title of James the Third,

King of England, Scotland and Ireland, is, and Hands attainted of High Treason: whereas by the said in Part recited Act, it was enacted, That any Subjects of the Crown of England, who correspond with the said Pretender, or with any Person or Persons employed by him, knowing such Person to be 1 so employed, or do remit or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Use or Service of the said Pretender, knowing such Money to be for such Use or Service, being lawfully convicted, shall be taken,

deemed and adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and shall suffer and forfeit as in Cases of High Trea

son: And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, 7 Anns, CI 21;

entitled. An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms, it is enacted, That from and after the first Day of July, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, such Crimes

and Offences which are High Treason or Misprision of High Treason within England, shall be con Treafins agair.p

strued, adjudged and taken to be High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason within Scotland: And, his ar' X

the eldest Son of the said Pretender is lately arrived in the French Dominions, and hath been "P °u'of'hs

received and encouraged by the French King; To the End therefore that your majesty's faithful People 7.v7:, ' of Great Britain, assembled in Parliament, may in the most solemn Manner, express their unshaken Duty and Affection to your majesty's sacred Person and Government; and at the same Time

avow and manifest to the whole World, That it is the fixed Resolution and Purpose of all your majesty's Subjects, to support and defend your Majesty, and your undoubted Right and Title to the Crown of this Realm, and the Protestant Succession established in your Royal House, in Defiance of the said Pretender, his Offspring and their Adherents; and that they may disappoint, defeat and extinguish the injurious, groundless and detestable Hopes and Expeditions of your majesty's Enemies; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any of the Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, High Treason to shall from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty hoidcorrcfpon four, within this Realm or without, hold, entertain or keep any Intelligence or Correspondence in Per den "^ith a"3' son or by Letters, Messuages or otherwise, with the eldest or any other Son or Sons of the said Petender, der ssons or with either or any of them, or with any Person or Persons employed by the said eldest or other Son or Sons of the said Pretender, or by either or any of them, knowing such Person to be so employed, or shall by Bill of Exchange or otherwise, remit or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Use or Service of the said eldest or other Son or Sons of the said Pretender, or of either or any of them, knowing such Mo

4 E 2 ney

580 C 40.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

Any of the pretender's Sons at

attainted.

ney to be for such Use or Service, such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted, hall be taken, deemed and adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and hall suffer and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the eldest or any other Son or Sons of tom tint to land Pretender, shall after the said first Day of May land or attempt to land, or shall be found in

invest Britain Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions or Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, or Ireland, to be or shall be found on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, being soon board with Intent to land in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions or Territories aforesaid, he and they respectively, shall by virtue of this al land and be adjudged attainted of High Treason, to all Intents and Purposes tvhatfo cvcr, and hall suffer and forfeit as Persons attainted of High Treason by the Laws of the Land ought to suffer and forfeit.

II. I And whereas in and by the said recited al of the seventh Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, it is provided and enacted, That after the Decease of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Vales, during the Life of the late King James, and jince pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the End of the Term of three Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown, upon the Demise of her said late Majesty (hold take effect, no Attainder for Treason hold extend to the difheriting of any Heir, nor to the Prejudice of the Right or Title of any Person or Persons, other than the Right or Title of the Offender or Offenders, during his, her or their natural Lives only; and that it hold and might be lawful to every Person or Persons, to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, after the Death of any such Offender or Offenders, should or might have appertained, if no such Attainder had been, to enter into the same be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Provision so made by the said last recited Clause, hall not take Place, nor have any Operation, Force or Effect whatsoever, until after the Deceases, not only of the said Pretender, but also of his eldest, and all and every other Son and Sons.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any of the Offences against this Act shall be committed out of this Realm, the same, may be alleged and laid, inquired of and tried in any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in any Shire or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

y Anns, e, 21. io. postponetl.

Offences com micted out of the Land, may be tried in any Part of Great Britain.

tccmcrmng Treason see farther zo Geo. 2. C 30 & 4.61

CAP. XL

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine off I the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Ju I ftice; for continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, orcannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or manu fadlure of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies direiftly to foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to ex two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for embeziiing Naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England without Licence.

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned, which have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, are near expiring; 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of »3 & 14 Car. a. the same, That an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the

*22. Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders England, which

by several Acts hath from Time to Time been continued; and which by an Act made in the sixth Year tigeo, ac. 37. of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries, and for impowering the justices of Session or Assizes for the Counties Palatine >/ Chester, Lancaster and Durham, to appoint a special Jury in Manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the ipejl Riding of the County of York (except a Clause therein contained) and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; and for continuing an ACI made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in two other Acts coittinuej to 14 made for the fume Put pose, was further continued until the nrft Day of September one thousand seven hun )*n« 175, 1, 3 dred

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II.

C 40. 581

red and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, hall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of june, which nued byvi Geo. shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End 2, C 57.' of the then next Session of Parliament. t.ndmadt jc^c

tual by 31 Ge. 2. t. 42.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Powers and Authorities mentioned in the said Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the said Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King charj.es the Second, or for the more effectual preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and which by the said Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were to continue in Force until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

tual by

Some Clauses in Act 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. relating to 1 3 & j4, lar 2. to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern i'orders of Ilngland, continued lo 24 June 175:. and made perpe 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the ninth Year of the9Gc0; *< Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked "farmed and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and violences to the Persons and Properties disguised, cof his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to jvjiice; which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the twelfth Year ugo. 1.0.30. of the Reign of his said late Majesty was continued from the Expiration thereof for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by a Clause in another Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual the several Acts 6 Geo. i. C 37. therein mentioned for the better Regulation of Juries, and for impowering the justices of Session or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, to appoint a Special Jury in Manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York (except a Clause therein contained); and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked.and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or any Sea Bank, 'and to' prevent the milicious cutting of hop binds; and for continuing an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in two other Acts made for the same Purpose; was further continued until the first Day of september one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, i©Geo. 2.0.31. An Act for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds, contained in an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and for the more effectual punijjmient of Persons removing any Materials used for securing March or Sea Walls or Banks, and of Persons maliciously Jetting on Fire any Mine,

Pit or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; cind of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Falloiv Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks, and for more ef Continued to feftuallyjecuring the Breed of Wildfowl; was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the first June 24, 1751. Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and from thence to 'further conti the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expi nued t>y*4 geo« ration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand e

seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Tualby Ited'.

2. C 42.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause in the said Act made in the clause in 6 geo>

said sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which enacts, That if any Person or Persons, during 2. C 37, 5.

the Continuance of the said Act made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King relating to break George the First, shall unlawfully and maliciously break or cut down the Bank or Banks of any River ing the Banks of or any Sea Banks, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged, every such Person being thereof °rs'a

lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy; In ft 1 and which by another Act made in the said tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance of the aforementioned Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his j0 C 2. C 32'. said late Majesty, shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty continued till 24 fourth Day of June which fhalebe in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, June 1751. and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 'farther continued

by 24 Geo. 2. c. 57.' and made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That another Clause in the Arid Act, made Clause in 6 Geo. in the said sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which enacts. That if any Person or Persons, J 37* rca' during the Continuance of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty Hop'binds'1"2

King

s C 40. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

King George the First, shall unlawfully and maliciously cut any hop bnids, growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops, every such Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Pelony. Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy; and which by another Act made in the find

Continued by tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the Continuance of the be

10 Geo. 1.. 0.31. fore mentioned Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majestfs Subjects; and Continued till 24 for the tnore speedy bringing the Offenders to fujlice; shall be, and is hereby further continued from the June 1751. Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord

Farther conti one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

nued by 24 Geo. Parliament.

2. C 57.' and

made perpetual by 3j Geo. 2. c. 42.

Clause in to Gw, 2. C 32.

Continued till 24 June 1751.

Made perpetual by 3 1 Geo. 2. c. 42.

Clause in 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. for punishing Persons setting Fire to Coal Pits,

continued till 24 June 1751. and made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in the said Act made in the said tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for extending, during the Continuance of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, all the Provisions in the last mentioned Act contained (for the more speedy sand easy bringing the Offenders against the said Adito Justice, and the Persons who shall conceal, aid, abet, or succour such Offenders; and for making Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person and Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have sustained or suffered by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act, and for the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend and secure such Offender and Offenders; and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced, or prosecuted for any of the Offences committed against the said Act, together with all Restrictions, Limitations, and Mitigations by the said Act directed) to all Cases of Offences committed by unlawfully and maliciously breaking down, or cutting down the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any hop binds, growing on Poles, in any Plantation of Hops; or by wilfuly and maliciously setting on Fire, or causing to be seton Fire, any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; shall be and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Clause in the said Act made in the said tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (for the Punishment of Persons maliciously letting on Fire, or causing to be seton Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal) which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of the before mentioned Act, made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, shall be, and is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

C 42.

Clauses in 10 Geo. 7.. C 32# for punishing Second Offences relating to killing of Deer, C

continued till 24 June 175.1. jslade perpetual iy 31 go a.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions in the said Act made in the said tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Punishment, Trial, and Conviction of such Persons as shall be guilty a second Time of unlawfully coursing, hunting, taking in Toils, killing, wounding, or taking any Red or Fallow Deer, in any open or uninclosed Forest or Chase where Deer are usually kept; and for the Punishment of such Persons who shall come into any Forest, Chase, or Park wherein Deer are usually kept (be the same enclosed or not enclosed) with an Intent to course, hunt, take in Toils, kill, wound, or take away any Red or Fallow Deer, and shall there unlawfully beat or wound any Keeper or Keepers, Page or Pages of any such Forest, Chase, or Park, where Deer are usually kept, their Servants or Assistants, in the Execution of his or their Office; which were to continue in Force during the Continuance of the before mentioned Act, made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, shall be, and are hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

'"ff'

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twelfth Year of

C 4o.zielmin*' the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, 10 the Sugar ° Produce, or Mantfailure of any ff his majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to Colonies. foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to continue in continued till Force for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty 24 June 1751. nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and is hereby conti«Farther con nued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our tinucdby24cco. Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of 2. C 57. §. 7/ Parliament.

and by, 31 Geo. 2. c. 33. to 29 Sept. 1764. f

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 40. 583

X. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Imbezilmait of his Majestf s Stores of jp'ar, ant! preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses in paying Seamens jvages; It is cn.idled, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, it shall not be lawful to or for any person or Persons whatsoever, other than Persons authorised by contracting with his Majesty's principal Officers or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling Office, for his Majesty's Use, to mark any Stores of War, or Naval Stores whatsoever, with the Marks usually used to, and marked upon his Majesty's said Warlike and Naval or Ordnance Story (in the Manner as in the said Act is de feribed) or any other Stores, with the Broad Arrow, by Stamp, Brand, or otherwise; upon Pain that every such Person or Persons who shall make such Goods so marked, as in the said act mentioned, not being a Contractor with his Majesty's Principal Officers, or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, for his Majesty's Use, or employed by such Contractor for that Purpose as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit such Goods, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Costs of Suit; one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejbninfer, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, nor more than one Imparlance shall he allowed: And it is thereby further enacted, That such Person or Persons in whose Custody, Possession, or keeping such Goods or Stores marked as aforesaid, shall be found not being employed as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons who shall conceal such Goods or Stores marked as aforesaid, being indicted and convicted of such Concealment, or of the having such Goods found in the Custody, Possession, or Keeping, shall forfeit such Goods, and the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with the Costs of Prosecution, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered as aforesaid; shall also suffer Imprisonment, until Payment and Performance of the Forfeiture, unless such Person shall upon his Trial produce a Certificate, under the Hands of three or more of his Majesty's principal Officers, or Commissioners of the Navy, Ordnance, or Victualling, expressing the Numbers, Quantities, or Weights of such Goods, as he or she shall then be indicted.for, and the Occasion and Reason of such Goods coming to his or her Hands or Possession: whereas by another act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Attfor continuing same Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for exempting Appothecaries from serving Parish and jvard Offices, and upon Juries, and relating to Jurors, and to the Payment of Seamens wages, and the Preservation of Naval Stores and Stores of jvar, and concerning the Militia and Trophy Money, and against eland fine Running of uncufiotned Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuff's to be exported, the aforesaid act of King William is recited, and a Penalty of two hundred Pounds, with Costs of Prosecution, and Pain of Imprisonment, is inflicted upon Persons having in their Custody, Possession, or keeping, or concealing contrary to the said act, any Warlike, Naval, or Ordnance Stores therein mentioned, or any other Stores marked with the Broad Arrow, by Stamp, Brand, or otherwise: And whereas it was necessary to give Power to mitigate the said Penalties, and to explain and amend the said act, It is thereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, be lawfully convicted of having in his, her or their Custody, any Timber, thick Stuff, or Plank so marked; every such Person so offending shall suffer, forfeit, and pay as for having, keeping, or concealing any other Warlike, Naval, or Ordnance Stores, contrary to the said act: And it is thereby provided and enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any Judge, Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of any of the Crimes or Offences before recited, enacted, or mentioned in the said act, to mitigate the Penalty for the same, as he or they shall see Cause, and to commit the Offender or Offenders so convicted to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment be made of the Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by that or the said former act, or mitigated as aforesaid; to punish such Offender or Offenders corporally, by causing him, her or them to be publicly whipped, or committed to some public Workhouse, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of six Months, or a less Time, as to such Judge, Justice or Justices in his or their Discretion shall feern meet; anything in the said recited act, or in any other act to the contrary notwithstanding: it is thereby further enacted, That where any Disputes shall arise between the Persons upon whose Informations or Oaths any Person or Persons offending in the Premises, or against the said former act, shall be prosecuted and convicted touching any Right or Title to any of the Forfeitures or Penalties before mentioned, or any Part thereof; the Judge, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall examine the Matter, and finally determine the same; and whereas some doubts have arisen touching the Method of Trial and Punishment of Offenders against the said recited acts, whether as the said acts are worded, such Offender or Offenders may be indicted and tried for the Crimes and Offences in the said acts mentioned, and whether any Judge, Justice or Justices of Assize, or Justices of Peace at the Sessions may hear, try and determine the same, and on conviction set such Fine, or mitigate the same, and the Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by the aforesaid acts, on such Offender or Offenders, as the Nature of the Offences may deserve; or whether such Offenders as aforesaid, in order for recovering the said forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by the said act, can only be proceeded against by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in some of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; by Reason of which Doubts, it has so happened, that Offenders against the said recited acts, having been indicted for the same, have escaped unpunished, to the great Encouragement of such Offenders and others, to commit the like Crimes and Offences for the

9 W 5. r. 47.

to prevent im bcziling sio»c % and Abuse in paying Seamens Wngcj.

Penalty on per font concealing Store;

9 Geo. I. C

584 C 40. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. A.D. 1744.

future For the Remedying whereof, and for the explaining the Acts above-mentioned, it is hereby Justices of Af declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Judge, Justice or Justices at the Af <uc, or Quarter fles, or Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter sessions to be hofden for any County, City, bo orknces mp'.try rough or Town Corporate, to hear, try and determine, by Indictment or otherwise, all or any the Crimes to the^wrcs'1"8or Offences mentioned in the said recited Acts; and that the said judge, Justice or Justices of Assize, or C'Justices of Peace as aforesaid, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be indicted, or tried and convicted

of all or any the Crimes or Offences in the said recited Acts mentioned, may impose any Fine, not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds, on such Offender or Offenders; one Moiety to be paid to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer; and may mitigate the said Penalty and Forfeitures, in llidted by the said recited Acts, or either of them, and to commit the Offender or Offenders so convicted and fined, to the common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment be made of the Penalty and Forfeitures imposed by this or the said former Acts, or mitigated as aforesaid; in lieu thereof, to punish such Offender or Offenders in the Premises corporally, by causing him, her or them to be publicly whipped, and committed to same House of Ccrredtion, or public Workhouse, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Months, or less Time, as to such Judge, justice, or Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, hail in his or their Discretion seem meet; anything in the said recited Acts, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Against selling '

XI. And whereas diverse Persons have of late taken Cellars, Vaults or Warehouse's, within the Uni

Wine without Versity of Oxford, and the Precincts thereof, in which they retail great Quantities of Wine, not having

of thvuntorfi ' ^'cence from the Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of the said University, in Violation of the Rights of ties. niveri' ' the said University, and in Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenues: And whereas the like Offences may e be committed within the University of Cambridge, and the Precincts thereof, by Persons selling Wine e by Retail not being duly licensed by the said University: whereas the Acts of Parliament relating to Wi northeast Licences do not extend to the said Universities; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid

from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, no Person or Persons shall sell Wine by Retail, within either of the said Universities, or the Precincts of either of them, unless such Person or Persons shall be duly licensed or authorised so to do, by the Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of the said University of Oxford, and by the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the The Penalty, said University of Cambridge respectively, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds; Concerning rfhe one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the ocher Moiety to the Info former; and that all Persons offending against this Act, shall and may be prosecuted and proceeded against

2& Gca 2 f' fr t^le Forfeitures, in the Courts of the Chancellors or Vice Chancellors of the said Universities re-30 Cm'. 2.' I'. 19.' spectively, in a summary Way, by summoning the Party accused to appear in the said Courts respect\iceo, z, C lively; and on Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused, by not appearing, being duly summoned, and Oath thereof made, such Courts may examine the Matter, and upon Confession of the Party accused, or on the Oath of one credible Witness, or such party's having offended against this Act, such Courts respectively shall and may give Sentence against such Party, and issue their Warrant or Warrants for levying the said Forfeitures, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Party offending, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party on whom such Distress shall be made; and for Want of such Distress, shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month; and such Sentence or Sentences, shall be, and are hereby declared to be taken and adjudged to be good, valid and effectual in the Law; and that no Writ of Certiorari, or other Process shall issue or be issuable to remove any such Sentence from the said Courts of the said Chancellors or Vice Chancellors respectively, or to remove any Order or other Proceedings made or taken by the said Courts respectively, upon, touching or concerning any such Sentence, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, until the Party or Parties against whom such Sentence shall be given, before the Allowance of such Writ of Certiorari, or other Process, shall find two sufficient Sureties, to become bound to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of such Offenders, in the Sum of fifty Pounds, with Condition to prosecute the same with Effect, within twelve Months, and to pay unto the Prosecutor or Prosecutors his or their full Costs and Charges of the Removal of such Sentence, and the Proceedings thereon, in case such Sentence shall be affirmed 3 any Law, Statute, Provision or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

This A A not to

XII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not in any wise be con affect the Privi flrued to prejudice or confirm any of the Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurililidlions, Powers and leges of the Ma Authorities appertaining or belonging to the Mayor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the City of Oxford, or yor, Sic, of Ox to any of them, but that they, and every of them, and their Successors, may have, hold, use and enjoy 01*all their Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Powers and Authorities, in such large and ample

wise, as though this present Act had never been had or made.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfield in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the watch house in Edmonton to the Marketplace in endfe/d.

PR.

The former private Acts continued for 21 Years,

CAP. XLII.

A.D. 1744. Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 41, 4.2. 585

CAP. XLII.

An act for amending and making more effectual an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, 'for continuing an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgs the First, for repairing the Roads from Luton in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate in the said County; ami from Luton to Saint Albans in the County of Hertford.

PR.

CAP. XLIII 1

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks to Warmington in

the County of Warwick.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. Regis.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the full Day of December, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and forty-one, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord ' GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the twenty seventh Day of November one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; being the fourth Section of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fprty five. EXP. At 4s. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish.

PR.

CAP. IV.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk ella, in the County of the said Town of king(ion upon Hull.

PR.

Certain Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. V.

An act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of six Years; and for declaring that the Duties on Salt, which arise and are payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same Charges thereon, as the same Duties were liable to by the Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First.

EXP.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of their 5&6w. & late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for M, C 7.

granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum often hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against F'ranee; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety four, there should be throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Suc

until the seventeenth Day of May which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, for Salt, the Plates and Duties following; that is to say, For every Gallon of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of tvales,

or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, imported or to be imported into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of threepence of lawful Money of England, over and above the then Duties payable on Salt imported, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; and for every Gallon of Salt,

7 & 8 W. 3 C 31.

9 i TO W, C 44.

3 Geo. i. C

5 Geo. 2. C

and Rock Sait, made at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Piu within the said Kingdom of England,

Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of one Penny halfpenny, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, with diverse Provisions and Directions in the said act contained for managing, collecting, paying and applying the said Duties: And whereas by another Act made in the sevenrh and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third,

'intituled, An Act for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a National Land Bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Tonne nage of Ships, and upon Coals; the same Rates and Duties 'were continued for ever for the Purposes of 3' ' the said Act: And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign

of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Bate of eight Pounds per Centum per An act' num, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies; it was amongst other Things enacted, That there ' (hold be raised, levied, collected and "paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors forever, for Salt, the several additional Rates and Duties following; that is to say, For every Gallon of Salt,

from and after the twenty-fourth Day of December in the Yeir of oiir Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, imported from foreign Parts, the Sum of seven Pence, of lawful Money of England, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof, and after that Rate for a 'greater or lesser

and for every Gallon of Salt, and Rock Salt, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, made at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Pit or Pits within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town or Berwick upon Tweed,

the sum of threepence Halfpenny of like Money, and after that Rate for a, greater or lesser Quantity: And whereas by the Articles of Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, all the said Duties on Salt were, from the Times therein mentioned, to take Place in Scotland (except the additional Duty on homemade Salt) with some provisions for preventing Salt made in Scotland from being brought info England, without paying the said additional Duty on Salt mall england: And whereas

20. ' by an act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of his: present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off certain Duties upon Salt; and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced Annuity payable to the Fast India Company on the Aggregate Fund; and for Relief' of mathewlyon, Executor of Matthew Page Aeceased, in rffpesl if the Duty, for, saltddjubyahe Overflowing of the River Mercy in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, it is enacted,

That from, and after the twenty-fifth Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand rseven hundred and thirty, the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny per Gallon on Salt and Rock Salt made in his Kingdom, which was granted by the said act of the fifth and sixth Years of the reign of their late

Majesties King William and Queen mary; also all the additional Duties on Salt, whether jm ported from Foreign Parts or homemade, which Were granted by the said act of the ninth and tenth '* Yerfrs of the Reign of his said late Majesty king William the Third, should cerife, determine, and be

no longer paid or payable; and then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given or

granted by any act or acts of Parliament for the levying, securing, collecting or recovering the same;

4 'and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto; and all Provisions, [Regulations or restrictions reli ting to tile importing or bringing of salt made n Scotland into England, without paying the said afidi

tional Duty on Salt, Should ceai'e, determine, and not be put in Execution; and then and from thence

the Right or Demand of any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said recited acts, or any of them, on his or their exporting beyond the Seas, any Salt for which the said duties had been before fe cured or paid, to have the Securities for the same discharged, or the Moneys paid for the same repaid,

Should cease and determine, as to so much of such Securities or Payments as were given or made for any of the Dirties by the said act to be determined; and that no drawback accouiit of Yuch duties .' so secured or paid before the ..aid twenty rfifth. day of December in the year ofour tord one, 'thousand 7 feveh hundred and thirty (except for the duty of threepence, per Gallon on foreign Salt, imposed by the first herein recited act) Should be made and allowed'on'any Salt exported beyond [the seas after that Time, with a Proviso in the said act contained, that the same should not extend to determine the said Duty of threepence per Gallon on Salt, riot of the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, so as aforesaid granted by the said

of the tifth and sixth Years of the Reign of their laid late Majesties King William and Queen ' Mary, nor to determine or make, void any of the Provisions, Rules o'rdirections made by the said acts, or any of them, and then in Force for Payment of the said duties by the importers of such so reign Sait upon the Entrythereof, or for preventing the lartding thereof before fuc'n Entry made, or the securing the same by Bond, with sufficient Sureties, or for allowing the Discounts for paying the said Duty in ready Money, or for Allowances for Drawbacks of the Duties paid or secured on the re ex porting the same to foreign Parts, or making good any Accidents or Losses that might happen in such.

c4 Salt, 'after Tripping the same for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to be carried Coastwise, or for afeer 'taining the Weight in each Bushel by which the said Duty Should be computed, or to determine or make void any former act or Clause relating to the Ships or Vessels laden with foreign Salt, found '4 hovering on the coast, or relating to such Salt exported to Ireland, and landed there; but the same,

and every of them, hold remain and he in as full Force and Virtue as they then were, if the said last, recited act had not been made: And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt for the Term therein men honed, it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 5. 587

and thirty-two, for and during the Space of three Years, the Duty of one Penny Halfpenny per Gallon on all Salt and Rock Salt made at the Salt Works, or taken out of any Pits in this Kingdom, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity, which was granted by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King wii.ijam and Queen Mapy, and lincc nude perpetual; and also all the additional Duties on Salt (whether imported from foreign Parts, or made in any Part of Great Britain) which were granted by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late majesty king wili.iam the Third, or made payable by the Articles of Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, Should be revived, and be payable and paid in such Alan - ner, and with such Allowances for prompt Payment, and for Walle on Salt carried Coastwise, or to Ireland, as if the said last recited Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty had never been made; and that all the Powers and Authorities given by the said recited Acts, or either of them,

or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, for levying, eollcding, recovering, securing and paying

the said Duties, and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, and all Provisions for the Distri - hution of such Penalties and Forfeitures between his Majesty and the Informers, when recovered, and the Methods of suing for, recovering, receiving and mitigating the same, and all Provisioiu, Regulations or restrictions relating to the importing or bringing of Salt made in Scotland into England, with out paying the said additional Duty on Salt, should be revived, and be in full Force and Virtue; and that the Right or Demand of any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said Acts, for or in respect of his or their exporting beyond the Seas any Salt for which the said Duties should be paid, or secured to be paid, to have the Securities for the same discharged, 'or the Alonies paid for the same repaid, should be also revived, and all Drawbacks on account of such Duties so secured or paid, should be made or allowed for or in respect of the Exportation of Salt to Parts beyond the Seas (whether the same should be foreign Salt, or made within any Part of Great Britain) in the same Manner as such Drawbacks ought to have been made, if the said last; recited Act had not been made; And whereas the Rates or Duties of one Shilling and eight Pence per thousand on all Red Herrings, and of three Shillings and fourpence per Barrel on all White Herrings cured promiscuously with Red Herrings, or White Her ' rings designed for Exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home Consumption, which were itn poied by two several Acts made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; which in consequence of the said recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty, were reduced to the Rate of fourpence for every thousand of such Red Herrings, and of eight Pence for every Barrel of such White Herrings, were likewise revived by the said late Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty: And whereas the Allowange of five Shillings per Barrel on the Exportation of salted Beef and Pork exported for Sale from any Part of Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas,

which was given by the eighth Article of the Treaty of Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and which in consequence of the said recited Act of the third Year of his present Majesty, was reduced to an Allowance of one Shilling and sixpence per Barrel, was also revived by the said last recited Act of the fifth. Year of his present Majesty: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fe 7 geo, i. C G.

venth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and

upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of seven Tears; and for licensing the erecting new Refineries of Rock Salt in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, it was enacted, That from and after the Determination.

of the said Term of three Years, in the said last recited Act of the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign mentioned, the several and respective Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings,

which by the said Act were revived, Should be further continued for and during the Space of seven Years, and that the same Should be managed, raised, levied, collected, secured and paid, in such Man ner and Form, and by and under such Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Re ' ftridions and Regulations, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying the same,

and with such Allowances for prompt Payment, and for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, or to Ireland,

and for Fish, Beef and Pork exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and with such Drawbacks and De 4 bentures on account of Duties paid, or secured to be paid, for Salt exported to Parts beyond the Seas,

4 as were particularly mentioned in the said last recited Act; and that the said last recited Act, and every 4'Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and then being in Force (not otherwise altered by the said Act) should be and continue in full Force, for and during the said further Term of seven Years, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly recited, expressed and enacted in the Body of the said Act: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act forzgzts.z, C is? 4 granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of four Years; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, it was enacted, That from and after the Determination of the said Term of seven Years in the said last recited Act of the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign mentioned,

the several and respective Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, which by the said last recited Act w6re continued, should be further continued for and during the Space of four Years; and that the same should be managed, raised, levied, collected, secured and paid in such Man ner and Form, and by and under such Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Restrictions and Regulations, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing and paying the same,

and with such Allowances for prompt Payment, and for Waste on Salt carried Coastwise, or to Ireland,

and for Fish, Beef and Pork exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and with such Drawbacks or Deben tures on account of Duties paid, or secured to be paid, for Salt exported to Parcs beyond the Seas, as

4 F 2 .1 lycre

i^ceo. 2. CI 22*

See 19 Geo. 2. c. 12.

i Edi. < 15. 4 V 3. C 12. j3 1. 1.

C u. 28 tf. 8

were particularly mentioned in the said last recited Act; and that the said last recited Act, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and then being in Force, not otherwise altered by the said Act, should be and continue in full Force and Effect, for and during the said further Term of four Years, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been particularly recited, expressed and enacted in the Body of the said Act: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, 'intituled An act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and white Herrings, for the further Derm of seven Tears; and for allowing Rock Salt to be used in making Salt from Seawater, at the Salt Works at Neath in the County of Glamorgan, it was enacted, That from and after the Deter mination of the said Term of four Years, in the last recited Act of the eighth Year of his Majesty's ' Reign mentioned, the several and respective Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, which by the said last recited Act were continued, should be further continued, for and du ring the Space of seven Years; and that the same should be managed, raised, levied, collected, fe cured and paid, in such Manner and Form, and by and under such Powers, Authorities, Penalties, ' Forfeitures, Provisions, Restrictions and Regulations for managing, raising, levying, collecting, fecu ring and paying the same, and with such Allowances for prompt Payment, and for Waste on Salt car

Coastwise, or to Ireland, and for Fish, Beef and Pork exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and with such Drawbacks or Debentures on account of Duties paid, or secured to be paid, for Salt exported to Parts beyond the Seas, as were particularly mentioned in the said before recited Acts; and that the said before recited Acts, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, or

thereby referred unto, and now bung in Force, and not otherwise altered by the said Act, should be and continue in full Force and Effect, for and during the said further Term of seven Years, as fully

and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly recited, expressed and enacted in the Body of the said Act: 'Now we your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying the Expenses of your majesty's Government, and for carrying on the present War with Success, have freely resolved to grant and continue to your Majesty all and every the Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, by the said last recited Act continued; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted, C "

"Powers, C in the former Acts continued for six Years. Duties on Salt in Scotland subject to "the same Charges as by 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. Clause of Loan for 1,000,000 at 3l. 10 s. percent. Names of "Contributors, and Sums, to be entered in a Book; to be divided into 10 Classes anti numbered. Course of Payment to be determined by Lot. Receipts to be changed for Exchequer Orders. A Register "Table of Orders, to be kept. No undue Preference. Counterfeiting of Receipts, Orders, (sc. "Felony. An Account of Moneys raised and paid, to be fixed up in the auditor's Office. Deficiencies to "be made good out of the next Aids, or Sinking Fund; and replaced out of the next Supplies. Surplus "to be disposed of by Parliament. Surplus arising from Duties on Salt of 14 Geo. 2. c. 2z, applicable to "Orders upon this Act." [Revived and made perpetual by z6 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. VI.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from a Gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East: Side of the Town of Hedon in the East Riding of the "County of York, through the said Town to Hull North Bridge.

PR.

Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for repairing the Highroad leading from Boroughbridge in the County of York, through North ai lerton in the same County, to Croftbridge on the River Tees; and from thence through Darlington in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

PR.

Tolls granted for 21 Years. Continued by 22 Geo. 2. c. 3z.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties.

Mof Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising a Supply to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War with VI

7 Ed, 6. e, 5. 5 El. C 5. 12 Car, 2. C 25. 18 Car, 2. C 5. 1 Jac, 2, C 3. 6 Geo. 1. (. 12.

gour,

5«9

Jour, and for answering other your majesty's weighty and important Occasions, and with an humble and thankful Acknowledgment of your majesty's favourable and tender Regard of us your faithful Commons, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted unto your Majesty an Aid or Assistance to be raised and levied upon all Wines and Vinegar to be imported into Great Britain, according to such Rates, and in such Manner and Form as is herein mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven An ait grant'd hundred and fortyfive, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, to his Majesty by additional Duties and Impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into vcds tionaldu" Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, there shall be raised, levied, collected lcs' and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof) the additional Impositions,

Rates or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction inwards, or Drawback on re exportation afterwards; that is to say, For every Tonne of French Wine and French Vinegar, which shall be im on fvcivton ported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity; also for every Tonne of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of n^'/j^ves" four Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; the same to be raised, levied, col °ildvinegar] W ledted, paid and recovered in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except as to Discounts and Drawbacks aforesaid) as are mentioned and expressed in the Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar to be raiset as by imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred and eighty jive and the twenty fourth 1 Jic C 3' Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety three, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by which the said Impositions, Rates and Duties upon all Wines and Vinegar imported were continued and made perpetual, and all Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained (not any ways altered by this Act) shall continue in full Force and effect during the Continuance of the said Impositions, Rates and Duties hereby granted, and shall be applied, practised and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, answering and paying the said Impositions, Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters and Things had been again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to unmerchantable lay any further Duties upon Wines damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, and for which the Merchants wines exempt; or Importers thereof shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties, and which by an Act passed in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his and h0 bedifpo majesty's Revenues of cu/loms, Excif and Inland Duties, are on such Refusal directed to be received into

the Custody of proper Officers of the Customs, to be publicly sold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, e0' I c' "or to be made into Vinegar.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Impositions, Rates and Duties xhefe Duties to by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time, be under the Management and Direction of the respective be managed by Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and their Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into the commissi the Hands of the receiver-general of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such Receiver oners of Cu general shall weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holy Day; and if it be, then flcs'id, j on the next Day after that is not an Holy Day, answer and pay all the Moneys arising by the said additi [nt0pthe exdie onal Impositions, Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting and answering the same suer.

only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Moneys seefarther which such receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the renting ff 'mcsi6 Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned. ceo.z. C 12.

1 30 Geo. 2. c. 19.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Moneys hereby appointed to be paid weekly, into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall he entered separate and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever and the said Money so appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be the yearly Fund for the several and respective Purposes herein after mentioned.

32 Geo. 2. c. 19. A Book to be kept by the Auditor, in which such weekly Payments to be entered separate. be a Fund for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities which by Annuities for a this Act shall be granted arref made payable, in respect of the principal Sum of two millions, to be raised ^rmclpjl of'

in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, as also ^meoatos the several and respective other Annuities by this Act made payable at the said Receipt of his Majesty's fhefe Duties Exchequer, during the Lives of the several Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, or the Lives of their respective Nominees, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the said Rates, Duties and Impositions, by this Act granted to his Majesty; the said Rates, Duties, and im positions shall be and are hereby appropriated for those Purposes accordingly.

VI. And for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said 1.500,000!, to Sum of two millions, for the Purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, g'b'^n* That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic p«for.s![

or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay, unto the first or chief Cafifier or Cashiers of the Governor

C 9.

Anno decimo otflavo Georgii II.

atd. 1745.'

or tic Pun hall ct Annuities.

C fhicr N five^curit) to the Tjcaiuvy.

Annuities at 3 1, yur Cent per Ann.

Times of payin the Purdlufe

and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million five hundred. thousand Pounds, in part of the said whole Sum of two trillions, for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and to be paid' and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as he, she or

Mojic).

Annuities to be computed from March 25, 1745,

redeemable.

Cashier to give a Receipt for each Payment,

Receipts assignable before Dec. o, 1745. Cashier to pay all Moneys into the Exchequer in 5 Pays after Receipt.

Books to be kept at the Bank,

for public pe rufai.

A Copy of the Books to be transmitted into tl>2 Exchequer.

Contributors Effaces subject only to Redemption.

Annuities free from Taxes,

Contributors to have Credit for ffye su?nsj

issioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; for the public Use, the Moneys lo to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentioned shall be computed at the Rate of three Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably foh any greater or less Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the Purchase Money for every such Annuity at the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof on or before such Day or Time as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; one other fourth Part thereof 011 or before the nineteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive then next enduing; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the fifteenth Day of October then next ensuing; the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following: All which Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and payable at two of the moult usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and the Birth of our Lord Christ. by even and equal Portions, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; the first Payment thereof to be computed and paid at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the whole Sum to be paid by such Contributors, for the Purchase of any Part of the said Annuities, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, unto the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, or within six Days after the said Feast Day: Nevertheless the same Annuities shall be redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition herein after contained in that Behalf and not other wiie; and the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, is and are hereby authorised and required, upon the advancing and paying to him or them any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in.writing, signed by himself or themselves for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof (which Receipts shall be assignable by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive and no longer) and from Time to Time to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he or they shall receive of or for the said Sum, not exceeding one million five hundred thousand Pounds, as fall as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the furthest, and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him or them, in' his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Chune thereof.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid; to which Book or Books it shall be lawful for the said reipeddive Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, successors - Assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times; to have Resort to inspect the same, without any See. or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the Time being shall, on.or before the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Add, duly paying the whole Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for such Annpity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this Add, to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Add appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid; shall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same; and that all the several and respective Annuities, payable in pursuance of this Add, after the Rate of three Pounds per centum.per Annum, and all and every the principal Sums for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges', and impositions whatsoever.

IX. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who shall become interested in, or entitled to, any Annuity or Annuities, Part of the said Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be subscribed for in pursuance of this Act, shall, ppon completing the Payments of the whole purchase inoney, payable in respect thereof, have such respective

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 9. 591

sums as they shall become interested in, cr entitled unto, forthwith placet! to the Credit of the tt, te trantfer. said contributors, and made transferable in the Books of the Bank of England, by this Act appointed r^tte in ihcb.nlc to be kept for that Purpose. Books.

X. Provided also, That in case any stich Contributor as aforesaid, who fhu.ll, on or before such Day or Forfeiture on Time, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said High Treasurer for rot eoirpieating the Time being as aforesaid, have advanced to the said Cashier or Cashiers one fourth Part of his, her l['c t, jr

dr their purchase money, and his, heror their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Afltgns, do notjje lmcj inut" 'aovance.and pay lto the said Cashier or Cashiers, one other fourth Part of his, her or their consideration money, 'so to 'be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the nineteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive then next ensuing; one other fourth Part thereof on or beforfc the fifteenth Day of October then next ensuing; the remaining one fourth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following; then, and in every such Case respectively, so much of the cor.sideration money as shall have been actually paid in Part thereof only to the said Cashier or cashiers for such respefhve Annuity, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it is intended that the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, being the Residue of the said Sum of twomillions already charged by this Act upon the said additional Impositions, Rates,

14 or ©uties, appropriated for Payment thereof in Manner before directed and appointed, shall be raised by way of alottery, for the Purchase of Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annavi, in Manner herein after mentioned; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the 500,000l. to Annuities becoming due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their teraised by Lot executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in for t'ur* iefpei5l of the said Principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, in Manner hereafter in this Add c^nt Annuities expressed; until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, shall be charged upon the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, from the Annuities to be feast day of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and shall on hc from time to 'time be paid half yenrl f at the Feasts of the nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and the "cs'tl0ru Birth of our Lord Christ, byeven and equal Portions; the first payment thereof to be due and payable for the Half year ending at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John 'the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 'for ortowards raising the said Sum Tickets to be

"OF five hundred thousand (Pounds, 'it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives oreo Io, cacl1*

feigners, 'Bodies Politic or corporate, 'to^contribute by paying at or before the; respective Times by this Act limited in rhatrbdha!f, to anyreceiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is 'herein dfter mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or divers entire sums of ten pounds upon this Act; and that every such Contributor or Adventurer, for every such Sum of ten Pounds, which he, she or they shall 'so advance, shall be interestedun such Lot or Share of and in the joint Stock of Annuities, established by this Act, as is herein tifter mentioned and appointed in that behalf; and the same entire Sums of ten "Pounds Jeadh, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver or Receivers, at such Time or Times,

and 'rn such Proportions at a Time, as are herein after mentioned in that Behalf; that is to say, one Times of paying

(fourth Part' theredf, on or before the first Day of/wkyone thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; the burch.ue other foutth part thereof, on or before the fifth Day of July then next ensuing; other fourth Part Tickets"

thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of August then next ensuing; and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the third Day of October then next following.

C 'Managers to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury. Commissioners of the Treasury to "appointifreceivers. Receivers shall deliver 'Pickets to the Contributors. There shall be printed 50,000 "Tickets, '7, 150 shall he fortunate; two of them loyoo/, Three, oco/.' Five z,000l. Fifteen 1,000l.

thirty-one 500l. One hundred and fifty-one so I. Three hundred and ninety-eight 50l. Six thou "five hundred and fortyfive zo. which with 500l.'to the first drawn Ticket, and 1,000l. to the last drawn Ticket, will amount to 2+2, 900l. which added to 257, 100 /. payable on the remaining 42, 850 "blank Tickets, at 6 /. each, amount together to 500,000 /, to be converted into Annuities in respect of "the Lottery Tickets. Manner of drawing the Lottery, Prizes to be entered in a Book. A List of the "Prizes to be printed. Disputes to be determined by the Managers, Counterfeiting of Tickets, Certificates, or the numbers of them, Felony. Tickets undisposed of, shall be delivered back into the.

"Exchequer. 1 'Managers, Isfe. 'to be paid by the Treasury. Guardians may adventure Infants Money

iirthe Lottery, so as such dnfants Names 'be in the Receipts and Tickets. Tickets to be exchanged "for certificates, after the Lottery is drawn."

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of Accomptant ce the Bai: k of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall, De" lof the bank upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named ihs^pofcns na ° therein, in the famerbook er: Eooks with the Contributors for the Purchase of the Annuities, not ex msd in certifi ceeuing one million five hundred thousand Pounds, herein before directed to be inferred in a Book or cates.

Books, or in any other Book or Books, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such' principal Sums shall be Annuities trans entered in the said Book or books, his, her or their Executors and Administrators, shall and may have fstrable. Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Shares orpxoportion thereof, to any other P. rfon or Persons,

59 2

Certificates to be cancelled and riled; and Notes given in their ilead.

Bank to pay the Annuities

Money to be paid inco the Bank by the Exchequer.

Caftiiers to account back into the Exchequer.

Accomptant General to inspect the Cashiers ac compcs.

Annuities a personal Estate exempt from foreign Attachment.

2,000,000 I,

One Capital Stock; attended with Annuities at 3 1. percent per Ann.

The Stock, C transferrable.

The Accomptant General to keep Transfer books.

Method of trans feinng.

Annuities may be deviled

C g. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books, to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General for that Purpose; the principal Sums so assigned or transferred, mall carry the said Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable by this Act, according to the Powers and Authority herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid; and the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates, as they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

XXIX. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities, amounting in the whole to two millions, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors shall, from time to time, until the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one sufficient Person their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or first Cashier or Camiers, and one other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys, from time to time arising, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the said additional Duties by this Act appropriated for this Purpose (after satisfying or reserving Money sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities herein after charged upon the said additional Duties, and made payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for and during the Life or Lives of the several Contributors to the Lottery aforesaid, or the Life or Lives of their respective Nominees in Manner herein after mentioned) as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had. or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment, in this Act: before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Caftiiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cafifier' or Caftiiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XXX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall from time to time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Caftiiers, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to, prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be inti tied to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum., and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding -

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding two millions, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or joint stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid upon this Act, hall have, and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept, at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the Time being, within the City of London, a Bodk or Books wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional, Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and jtgiftered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by till? Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attoruies thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

XXXII. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or Annuities attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses; that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said Will as relates to the said Stock or Annuity be entered in the said Office; and in

1 Default

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 9. 593

Default of such Transfer or Devise, the said Stock and Annuity attending the same, shall go to the Exe Trsmfert ro

cutors or Administrators; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfer, or

any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Sumpi.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Gover Bank to C >ot.'

r.or and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all nuc a 5jorr°: " or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall s'^r

continue a Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the redccolcj. Purposes in this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf; and that the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any

Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Committor* the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of of ihet>ci(u>y the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised vni out of the said additional Duties by this Act granted and appropriated as aforesaid, to reward the Officers several officer; and Clerks of the said Exchequer, that shall be any Ways employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the Annuities, to be payable at the said Receipt as herein after mentioned, for their Labour,

Pains, and Service therein respectively, and to discharge all such incident Charges, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; also to settle and appoint such Allowances (out of the Contributions to the Lottery aforesaid) as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Reciever or Receivers of the Contributions to the said Lottery, for receiving and accompting, for the same; as also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accompting for the Contributions to the Annuities granted by this Act; and also such further Allowances out of the said additional Duties by this Act appropriated) as they shall think just and reasonable, for receiving, paying, and accompting for the several and respective Annuities payable in respect thereof; and also for the Service, Pains, and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him. by this Act; all which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour of any allowance!«t Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Go the Disposal of vernor and Company, and at their disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary not with thebwk. (landing.

XXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon prov so fr

one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, the

by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days, for Payment of the said respective Annui 1c*Annuities, or either of them, and upon Repayment by Parliament, of the respective Principal Sums, for

which the said respective Annuities, or either of them, shall be payable, to such respective Persons or Corporations, as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuity; then and not till then, the said respective Annuities, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from, and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament, except so much Moneys of the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to satisfy and pay the several and respective Annuities by this Act herein after made payable at the Receipt of Exchequer, to the several Contributors to the Lottery before mentioned, or their Assigns, during their Lives, or the Lives of their respective Nominees, in Manner herein after directed; thing in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange Whst shall be in London, as aforesaid, shall be deemed, and adjudged to be sufficient Notice, within the Words and fu cieiit Notic^ Meaning of this Act.'

"n

"Sale of Chances, (sfc. in the Lottery, prohibited. office keepers publishing Schemes relating to "Tickets not in their possession, in the Lottery, to forfeit 5001, and be imprisoned three Months.

"EXP.

XXXVIII. And for the greater Encouragement of Persons to become Contributors to the Lottery herein before mentioned; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Per Encouragement son and Persons who shall advance and pay unto such Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed as aforesaid, Contributors at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein before directed, the lotterj tfl

principal Sum of one hundred Pounds for the Purchase of ten Tickets in the said Lottery, shall, for or in respect of the said principal Sum of one hundred Pounds so to be advanced and paid, be entitled to have and receive, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, during his or their own Life, or the Life of some other Person to be nominated by him, her or them, or by his, her or their Assigns, an Annuity of four Pounds ten Shillings, being computed after the Rate of nine Shillings per Annum for each Ticket, and so Annuity for Life in Proportion for any greater Number of Tickets to be contributed for by any such Person or Persons of + 1, IS" (over and above the Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by this Act before made payable at the Bank of England to such Contributors) which said respective Annuity or Annuities, to be paid at besides 3l. per

Vol. VI 4 G the Cent, per Ann,

594

A Certificate to be given to Contribuiors:

Counterpart of Cheques of Certificates to be returned to the Exchequer.

A Book of the Names of Contributors, C to be sent to the Exchequer.

C 9. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall commence from the Feast of Saint John the Baptist: which shall he in tfic Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her, or their Assign or Assigns, at the Times and in the Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Receiver or Receivers is and are hereby direted and required, as soon as he or they shall have received from any such Contributor or Contributors, one Moiety of the several Sums by them respectively intended to be advanced, for the Purchase of ten 'Pickets, or more, in the said Lottery as aforesaid, forthwith to give such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her or their Assigns, a Certificate or Certificates, signed by him or them (direted to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer) to be printed or written upon cheque Paper, and cut out indentwise through some Flourish or Device, to be contrived by the said Receiver or Receivers, containing the Names, Surnames, Places of Abode and other Additions, of such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her or their Assigns, together. with the principal Sums by them respectively advanced for the Purchase of such Tickets, and the Annuity Afllgmblcbefore payable to them in respet thereof, at the Rate aforesaid; said Certificate or Certificates shall be Dec. 20, 1745. assignable, by Indorsement thereupon to be made, and witnessed by two Persons, at any Time or Times before the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive) and in order to prevent the Auditor of the said Receipt from being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Certificate or Certificates, the said Receiver or Receivers shall, and they are hereby direted and required to transmit to the Auditor of the Receipt in the said Exchequer (as soon as the said whole Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act intended to be raised by Way of Lottery, shall be advanced and paid to him or them) the Counterpart of the Cheques of all the Certificates given by him or them to such Contributors as aforesaid; which said Counterparts of the said Cheques shall be exprdted the Number of each Certificate, the contributor's Name, and the principal Sum contained therein.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver or Receivers shall also, within fourteen Days after the third Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, transmit to the Auditor of the Receipt of the said Exchequer, a lluok fairly written on Paper, signed by him or them, containing the Names of the several Contributors, towards raising the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery as aforesaid, the Number of Tickets subscribed for by each such Contributor, the principal Sums by them respectively paid for the Purchase of such Ticket, and the Annuity payable in respet thereof at the Rate aforesaid; the end the said Auditor may be thereby satisfied, that the said full and entire Sum of five hundred.thousand pounds, to be advanced as aforesaid, hath been paid to such Receiver or Receivers; which Book shall remain in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer for ever.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Contributor or Contributors aforesaid, or such other Person or Persons as shall be possessed of any such Certificate or.certificates, by this Act direted to be given by such Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid, shall, before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, all and every the said Certificate and Certificates aforesaid, to be exchanged for Orders, to be made out in the Manner hereafter mentioned; and shall also, at the same Time, name to the said Auditor, his, her or their own, or some other Life, during which he, she or they, or his, her, or their Assigns, shall be entitled. to receive a Dividend or Share of the yearly Fund, hereafter direted to be set apart out of the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, by this Act granted to his Majesty as aforesaid; on Pain of forfeiting, not only the half year's Annuity, 'which shall become due and payable to such Contributors, or their Assigns, on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive (in respet of the principal Sums by them severally advanced as aforesaid) but also all such subsequent half yearly Payments, as shall become payable to such Contributors, or their Assigns, until he, she or they shall have produced to the Auditor of the said Receipt their respective Certificates, to be exchanged for Orders as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Auditor of the said Receipt utas soon of Exchequer shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after such Certificate or Certificates shall be delivered e "to him as aforesaid, cause Orders to be made out upon Vellum or Parchment in lieu of such Certificates; which said Orders shall contain the Names, Surnames, Places of Abode, and other Additions of the respective Contributors, or their Assigns, and of their Nominees, the principal Sums by them advanced, together with the Annuity payable in respet thereof during the Life of such Nominee to be appointed as aforesaid, out of the yearly Fund herein after direted to be set apart for that purpose; and.all such Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or.more of them, or the High treasurer for the Time being; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effetual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and final] not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removals of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer; shall they or any of them have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid.

XLII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, and Clerk of the Fells severally, there shall be provided and kept one or more Book or Books, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all such Contributors, and their Nominees, during whole Lives i; e spetively, the several Dividends of the said yearly Fund hereafter direted to be set apart, shall be payable at the Times when the same shall be nominated as aforesaid; which books.it shall be lawful for the respective

Certificates to be changed for Orders before Dec. 5> 1745»

A Life to be named.

Penalty

Orders to be made out i may

Book, to be kept in the Office of the Auditor, and Clerk of the

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 9. 595

respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from time to time, to have Rjcfort, to be inspeflh and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward. by cumi.b nor.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, there shall) yearly, and every Year, be separated and kept apart, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Sum of twenty-two thousand five hundred Pounds; which said Sum of twenty-two Yearly Fund cf thousand five hundred Pounds shall be, and is hereby declared to be, a yearly Fund for anfv/cring and 22, 500 ]. for paying the Annuities aforesaid; shall] yearly, and every Year, be equally divided amongst the said paying ai.uui. Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Lives of their respective nomi ntes, in Proportion to the principal Sums by them advanced, by two equal half yearly Payments; that timciofpay is to say, at the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist; " "1, (.

first Payment thereupon, to be made at the said Feast of the Birth of our Lotd Christ one thousand seven, clflj't" hundred and fortyfive; and upon the Death of every such Nominee, the Share of the said Fund, which Death of no was payable during his or her Life, shall cease and determine. minces.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Contributor, or his, her Orders trans or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time, during the Life of his, her or their respectfcwable, tive Nominees, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed on his, her or their Order, to be witnessed by two Persons, to assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order or Orders, to any other Person or Persons; being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the said To be repaired Receipt of Exchequer, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the without Fee. Book of Registry for such Orders, without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry made, such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who shall make miy

such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any assign again tc. Part thereof, "' 1 ' ' > tlc3 iuotics

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Guardian or Trustee, Infants being having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant, shall, in pursuance of the Power herein before given to Purchascsoy him or them in that Behalf, have advanced and paid to such Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid, any N mine'

Surn or Sums, of Money of such, Infant for the Purchase of ten Tickets, or more, in the said Lottery, in ltitiedto the'

Manner herein directed, and shall thereupon, within the Time herein before appointed for naming of Benefit.

Lives, name the said Infant to be a Nominee, such Infant, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, in such Manner and Proportion, as

any other Contributor; and the said Guardians and Trustees, as to the Sum so advanced by them, are hereby discharged.

XLVI. And for preventing all Frauds in receiving any Share of the yearly Fund hereby appointed to absentnominces he set apart as aforesaid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat every Contributor, his, to be certified her or their Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Agents, upon their demanding any half yearly Pay iivins* ment of his, her or their respective Shares of the said yearly Fund (unless the Nominee appear in Person at the said Receipt) shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominee, signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be then living upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due (if such Nominee shall be then residing in that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed) or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, admi strators, or Assigns, at his, her or their Election, to make Oath of the Truth of his, her or their respective nominee's Life, upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due, before one or more Justices of the Peace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town, or Place, wherein such Person, at the Time of making such Oath, shall reside; in like Manner, every such Contributor, his, her or, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or Agents, whose Nominee shall reside in any Town or Place, being extra parochial, upon the Day when any of the said half yearly Payments shall become due, shall make a like Oath before any such justice or Justices aforesaid, of the Life of such Nominee on that Day (which Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to administer) and such Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof, for which Oath and Certificate no See or Reward shall be demanded or paid; and the said Certificates shall be filed in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of.

Exchequer; and if any Person shall he guilty of a false Oath, or shall forge any Certificate, touching the Penalty on a falfs Premises, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person shall incur the Pains and Penalties to be in oatl or forged flidted upon Persons who shall commit wilful Perjury and Forgery; and in case any Nominee shall, at Certificate, the Time of such Demand, be resident in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of Irelaoid, and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer there, for the Time being, shall certify that, upon Proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take in a summary Way) it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given, and Examination made, without Fee or Charge) the said Certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said half yearly Payments to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and in case any such Nominee Nominees b. c. shall, at the Time of such Demand, be resident in any Parts beyond the Seas, the Proprietors of ali such yond Seas how Orders, or their Agents, shall produce Certificates of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, tobecetified under the Hand of the British Minister residing at the Place where any such Nominee shall be living, lltrino> upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due; and in case no British Minister shall reside at the Place where any such Nominee shall live, then the said Proprietors of such Orders, or their,

'4g2'Agents, "

596 C 9-

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Pervlfy on receiving an An

Venalty on Default.

Annuities free from Taxes.

New Orders to be made out in 3ieu of defaced.

Agents, shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, under the Hand and Sea! of the chief Magistrate of any, City, Town, or Place, where any such Nominee shall be then

living, upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due as aforesaid; every such

Agent or Agents shall also annex to every such Certificate, an Affidavit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer, that he or they do believe that such Certificate is true; which Certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said half yearly Payment to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if any Person - Persons shall receive one or more half yearly Payments upon his or their Annuity or Annuities, for

of Nominee th any Time bey°n<i the Death of his, her or their Nominee or Nominees, when the same ought to cease,

om'such Person or Persons shall forfeit treble the Value of the Moneys so by him, her or them received, and also the Sum of five hundred Pounds 5 the Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, or Information; in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

On the Death of

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor, his, her or a Nominee the their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within one Month next after Notice of the Death of his, Contributor shall her or their respective Nominee or Nominees, shall certify such Death to the Auditor of the said Receipt

eerti y, cof Exchequer for the Time being; and shall also within three Months after such Notice, deliver or cause

to be delivered up to the said Auditor, his, her or their Order and Orders, by which he, she or they was, and were entitled, during the Life of such Nominee to any Share of the said yearly Fund, in case such Order and Orders be in his, her or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, such Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, 'to be recovered by action of Debt as aforesaid, and to be had and received for the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Annuities payable to such Contributors out of the said yearly Fund, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XLIX. And whereas it may so happen, That in Process of Time, several of the said (landing or ders may be lost, burnt, or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or encumbered with many Assignments endorled thereon, and it may be necessary that new Orders should be made forth in lieu thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any of the said Cases, any three or more of the of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby empowered from time to time (upon Certificate under the Hand of the Lord Chief Baron or any other the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, that he or they are satisfied by Proof upon Oath before him or them made, that any such Order or Orders have been lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed) to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Exchequer, to be signed by him or them, in lieu of such Orders so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed; the respective Officers in the said Exchequer, are hereby directed to pay the Interest, which shall from time to time become due upon such new Orders, as if the original Order or Orders had been produced; and all such Payments shall be allowed in their respective Accounts, provided that the Person or Persons entitled to receive the Interest due upon such Order or Orders, do give Security to the King, to the good liking of the Person appointed to pay the same, to pay into the Exchequer for the Use of the Public, so much Money as shall be paid thereupon, if the Order or Orders so certified to be lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, be hereafter produced; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and are hereby also empowered to cause new (landing Orders to be made forth, for and in lieu of such Orders as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise encumbered as aforesaid; said Order or Orders shall be at the same Time delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order Or Orders to be made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable, and delivered to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so to be delivered up, and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; and the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, shall always take care that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being made in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, encumbered or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Public against any double Payments, for or by reason of the making out, or Bluing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

L And for preventing all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said (landing Orders, or any Assignments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due thereon; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates to be given by such Receiver or Receivers, or any Order or Orders to be made forth in lieu thereof, in pursuance of this present Act, or any Assignment or Assignments of such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or of any Receipt or Discharge to the Exchequer, for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or in strument, to transfer, assign, alien or convey any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders, in or to any such pretended Assignment vt Affigriients, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly or fraudulently

demand

Conditions.

Entries to be marie upon new Orders.

Counterfeiting Orders, af tgnmenis, ca.

D. 1745. Anno decimo odiavo Georgii II. c. 9. 597

demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any such forged or counterfeit Receipt, Letters of Attorney, Certificate, Instrument or Authority, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Order or Orders, and thereby assign or endeavour to assign any of the said Order or Orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fuller as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or F", or W taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said Contribution Moneys, or any of them, or for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great 'UJ' or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; and that all Receipts and Iifties, and all other Things directed by this Adito be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the same; and in case i'cna, on the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall misapply or divert any of the Moneys to be paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, other ome!'^wise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep such Books or Registers, or make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are directed and required to do and perform; every such Officer shall forfeit nis Place, and be for ever after incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble Costs of Suit, to any Contributor, or Person claiming under him, that will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff, upon Recovery, shall have full Costs of Suit; one third of which Sum shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Benefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two Thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make Pay Cases exempt ment of any Share or Shares of the said yearly Fund of twenty-two thousand five hundred Pounds by this from Penalty. Act directed to be set apart for the Purposes aforesaid, upon any such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, such Officer shall not incur any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, or be liable to any Action of the Contributors for doing thereof, though the said Certificate be forged or false, or the said Nominee be Vlead, unless the said Officer did know at the Time of such Payment that the said Nominee wai dead, or that the said Certificate was forged or false.

LIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times the Produce Deficiencies to of the said additional impositions, Rates or Duties shall happen to be so low or deficient, as that the be made "P i Moneys arising therefrom into the Exchequer shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment at which the lame are hereby directed to be paid; then and so often, and in every, such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of the Over out of Overplus plus Moneys that shall or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer in any of the subsequent Moneys

Half Years, as the said respective Annuities shall from time to time become due and payable; and in case such Overplus Moneys shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then and in every such Case the Deficiencies so from time to time happening, shall from time to time be answered and made goodbye and out of the first Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiencies mail appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be orae tsupplies, granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such orsinkingfund j vionies of the same Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be from rhyme to time issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the said additional Impositions, Rates or Duties hereby granted, shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuties aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the said half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may he supplied out of the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be To* replaced so issued out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Sup °ut°j "ext plies to be then after granted in Parliament. opr, es'

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any Surpte to be Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said additional Impositions, Rates or Duties, after dirposed by the said several and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be Parl: ame; lt reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything In any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

r^rfons sued iruy ('lead (he Gviienl litue.

t/cblc Costs,

Geo. X C

LVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done, or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants hall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

CAP. X

An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty's Regiments of Foot fervffig in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, and the Regiments of Marines.

EXP.

WHEREAS for Recruiting his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, it is necessary that a new Supply of Men be forthwith raised within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by common Consent

Grant in parliament be it therefore enacted, C "

"for the Land Tax to p ut this Act in Execution: As also the Commissioners of the Year "1745. Commissioners Meeting to be appointed at the Quarter sessions after Mar. 25, and Sept. 29. "Clerks of the Peace to give Notice of the Times and Places of Meeting, by the Constables, le. to the Commissioners and Officers. Persons not exercising any lawful Callings, to be levied, as Soldiers, "by three Commissioners, &c. Parish Officers, &c. to search for Persons to be enlisted, within the De "of this Act. Commissioners shall adjudge what Persons are proper to be enlisted. Rewards "for Parish Officers, and Subsistence Money for new raised Men. Inhabitants of Parishes to assist Com "and Officers. Reward for the Parish where Recruits "are raised. Qualifications of any impressed Man to be judged of, in case of a Dispute, by a Field Officer. Rewards for listed Soldiers to "be charged to their Regiments. Articles against Mutiny, &c. to be read to new raised Men. A Book "of their Names, &c. to be sent to the war office. Persons hindering the Execution of this Act, to' "be fined, or imprisoned. No Person who has a Vote for Members of Parliament, to be levied as a 4t Soldier. Persons sued may plead the General Issue. Treble Costs. Persons lifted on this Act, to be discharged in five Years, if demanded. His Majesty may suspend the Execution of this Act. Commis "and Parish Officers executing this Act, to be exempted from Penalties of 25 Car. 2. C z. £5* 44 1 IV (3 M. Jl. 1. C 8. 13 13 (3 14 IV 3. C 6. Bailiffs Followers not exempt from being lifted. Harvest "exempt, from May 155 to Oct. 15, 1745, having a Certificate. Continuance of this Act, 44 to 12 April 1746. Indemnity for Mistakes of Parish Officers in executing last year's Act.

CAP. XL

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

CAP. XII '

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

PR.

The Act 12 Geo. r. C 8. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for more effectually Cleansing, Deepening, Widening and Preserving a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull -, and for more effectually repairing the Staichs near the said Beck, and the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck, and the River Hull.

PR.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Cleanfng, Deepening and Widening a Creek called Beverley

Beck, running into the River Hull, and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck, and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York, and for cleansing the streets of the saul Town, several final] Tolls and Duties, in the said Act particularly mentioned, were laid on diverse Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, which after the first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven should be laded or unladed on or from any Ship, Boat, Keel, f Wherry, Lighter, Hoy, or other Vessel, at or in any Part of the said Beck, or at any of the public Staiths or Places along the said Beck, or River Hull, and made payable to the said Mayor, Al f dermen, and Capital Burgesses of the said Town of Beverley for the Time being, and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they should, by Writing under their common Seal, nominate and

fippoint to collect and receive the same j and that the same should be applied for and towards the Purposes

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14, 15, 599

in the said Act mentioned: And whereas since the passing the said Act, the Mayor, Aldermen,

and Capital Burgesses of the said town of Beverley, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon t the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; and although the same, together with the Income t arising from the Tolls and Duties collected, have been applied according to the Directions of the said( ( yet the same are found insufficient to answer the Intention thereof; and the said Beck, being now t in very great Danger of being choked and warped up by the Sludge and Soil brought in by the Tides, t and by the Earth falling in from the Banks of the said Beck, which in many Places on both Sides t thereof are (hot in, and will require to be repaired and supported by Piles, and other expensive Works,

without which the said Beck cannot be kept open and sufficiently cleansed: forasmuch as the cleansing, deepening, widening and preserving the said Creek or Beck, and amending, repairing and maintaining the said Banks, Staiths, Roads and Ways, will be a continual Expense, and will require more Money than can be raised by the present Duties granted by the said Act, which are in many Respects unequal, and not duly proportioned to the respective Values of the Goods chargeable therewith Wherefore for the better enabling the Mayor, Aldermen and Capital burgeltes of the said Town of Beverley, to cleanse, deepen, widen, and preserve the said Creek or Beck, and to amend, repair, maintain and keep up the said Banks, Staiths, Roads and Ways, and to bring the Duties granted by the said Act to a nearer Equality and Proportion; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, &c.

"Additional Tolls to be paid after May i, 1745. For every Chaldron of Coals, 2 d. Quarter of Oats,

"Barley, or Malt, 1 q. Quarter of Wheat, Rye, Mefsledine, Beans, Peas, Rapeseed, Hempfecd, Lin "or other Seed or Grain, 1 q. Hundred of Flour, 3 q. Hogshead of Salt, 4d. Tun of Salt, in "Bulk, 2 d. 3 Hogsheads of Sugar, Tobacco, Melasses, or of other Goods, Sd. 4 Hogsheads of Wine "or Rum, 1 s. 8d. Hogshead of Brandy or Spirits, 4d. 8 Barrels of Soap, Raisins, Oil, Pitch, Tar,

"or other dry Goods, 4d. Butt of Currans, Sri. 2 Pipes of Smyrna Raisins, S d. 16 Bags of Nails, 4d.

"Tun of Iron or Lead, 8d. 32 Firkins of Butter, d. 20 Hundred of Cheese, yd. Tun of Timber

"or Stone, 2d. 2 Bags of Hops, 8d. Quarter of Oatmeal, 2 q. Hundred of Pipe Staves, id. 2q.

"Dozen of Cvnders or Charcoal, zy. 20 Sheep Skins, 1 q. Quarter of Bark, 1 q. Pack of Wool, or 11 other Goods, id. 12 Dozen of Bottles, id. 4 Bushels of Roots or Fruit, 2q. Tun of Hemp,

"Line, or Flax, 7 d. Quarter of Fern Allies, zd. Small Rundlet of Liquor, not exceeding 10 Gal "1 q. Every small Cask or Parcel, not exceeding nz Pounds, 1 q. And for every Tun of other "Goods, is. payable to the Mayor, fe. of Beverley, for cleansing, fcsfr. the Beck. Duties prior to this "and the former Act to be continued. Streets, Lfc. of Beverley, to be cleansed by the Inhabitants; or,

"on their Neglect, by Order of the Justices."

CAP. XIV.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shard and the Devizes, and the Top of Jjhlington Hill and Roivd Ford in the County of Wilts.

PR.

Acts of 5 Ann. and n Geo. 1. c. 27. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XV.

An Act for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of London two separate and distinct

Corporations.

WHEREAS in and by certain Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date tetter patr.it the twenty-fourth Day of February in the first Year of the Reign of his then Majesty King Ed ' ward the Fourth, after reciting. That the Freemen of the Mystery of Barbers of the City of London, ^"surgeenrt* ' using the Mystery or Faculty of Surgery, had for a long Time, exercised and sustained, and still conti nued to exercise and sustain great Application and Labour, as well about the curing and healing Wounds, Blows and other Infirmities, as in the letting of Blood, and drawing of Teeth; and that by the Ignorance and Unskilfulness of some of the said barbers, as well Freemen of the said City as of others,

being foreign Surgeons, many Misfortunes had happened to diverse People, by the Unskilfulness of such Barbers and Surgeons, in healing and curing Wounds, Blows, Hurts and other Infirmities; and that it was to be feared, that the like or worse evils might thereafter ensue, unless a suitable Remedy vas provided in the premisses; his said then Majesty did therefore, at the Supplication of the Free men of the said Mystery of Barbers, in the said City of London, grant to them, amongst other Things,

that the said Mystery, and all the Men of the same Mystery of the said City, should be one Body, and one perpetual Community; and that two Principals of the same Commonalty, of the rr.oll expect Men ' in the Mystery of Surgery, might with the assent of twelve, or eight Persons at the least, of the same Community, every Year cleft and make out of the Community two Matters or Governors, being the ' most expect in the Mystery of Surgery, to oversee, rule and govern the Mystery and Commonalty aforesaid, and all Men of the same Myilery and the Affairs of the same; and that the aforesaid Mailers or Governors, and Commonalty, and their Successors, might make Statutes and Ordinances for the Government of the said Mysteries; that the Matters or Governors for the Time being, and their Sue ' cefio.rs, should have the Survey, Search, Correction and Government of all the Freemen of the said City,

6oo C 15. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

being Surgeons, using the Mystery of Barbers in the same City, and of other Surgeons whatsoever, be ing Foreigners, practising and using the Mystery of Surgery, within the same City mid Suburbs of the same, and the Punishment of them, as well Freemen as Foreigners, for their Offences in not perfectly executing, performing and using that Mystery; and should also have the Survey and Search of all Man ner of Instruments, Plasters and other Medicines, and the Receipts to be given, applied and used by the said Barbers and Surgeons, for the curing and healing of Sores, Wounds, Hurts and suchlike Infir

mities; and that no Barber using the said Mystery of Surgery, within the said City, or Suburbs thereof,

or other foreign Surgeon whatsoever, should be in any Manner thereafter admitted to execute, perform and exercise the same Mystery of Surgery, unless he had first been approved of, as well instructed in

that Mystery, by the said Matters or Governors, or their successors, sufficiently qualified in that Be

and his said Majesty did further grant, that the said Matters or Governors and Commonalty of the said Mystery of Barbers, and their Successors nor any of them, should in any Manner thereafter be summoned or put upon any Assizes, Juries, Inquests, Inquisitions, Attaints, or other Recognizances,

to be taken within the said City and Suburbs thereof, before the Mayor or Sheriffs, or Coroners of the same City for the Time being, or summoned by any of his Officer or Officers, Minister or Ministers

such Juries, Inquisitions, or Recognizances, should be summoned upon a Writ or Writs of Right; but that the said Matters or Governors, and Commonalty of the aforesaid Mytlery, and their successors, and every of them, should be thereof acquitted, and wholly discharged for ever; and his said then Majesty thereby further granted unto the aforesaid Adafters or Governors, and Commonalty of the said Mystery of Barbers, and to their successors the following Liberty; to wit, That they at all

Times thereafter should and might admit Persons able and sufficiently learned and instructed in the said

of Surgery, and by them approved of in Form, and presented to the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, and no other Persons, or in any other Manner, into the said Mystery of Barber Surgeons, and Liberty of the said City: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the

32 Hen. 8. c. 40. 4 thirty second Year of the Reign _ of the late King Henry the Eighth, entitled. For Barbers and sur incorporating geons, after taking Notice that it was very expedient and needful to provide for Men expect in the sci nd uniting Bar C ence of Physic and Surgery for the Health of man's Body, when Infirmities and Sickness should hap and sur - "os'of Pen > or due Exercise and Maintenance whereof, good and necessary Aftshad theretofore been made London'*and provided, and that within the City of London, Men of great Experience, as well in Speculation as in Practice of the Science and Faculty of Surgery, were abiding and inhabiting, and had more com

the daily Exercise and Experience of the same Science of Surgery than was had and used within any Parts of the Realm; and by Occasion thereof, many expect Persons were brought up under them as their Servants. Apprentices 'and others, who by the Exercise and diligent Information of their Ma

might exercise the said Science within diverse other Parts of the realm; to the great Relief, Com

and Succour of much People, and to the Safegard of their bodily Health, Limbs and Lives; and

reciting, That within the said City of London there were then two several and distinct Companies of Surgeons occupying and exercising the Science and Faculty of Surgery, the one Company being commonly called The Barbers London, and the other Company called Surgeons of London; and that the said Company of Barbers were incorporated to sue and be sued by the Name of Masters or Governors of the Myjhry or Commonalty of the Barbers of London, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of King Edward the Fourth, dated the twenty-fourth Day of February in the first Year of his Reign, and which were confirmed by several subsequent Letters Patents in the said Act mentioned and referred to;

and that the other Company, called The Surgeons, had not any manner of Corporation; and that the said two several and distinct Companies of Surgeons were necessary to be united and made one Body Corporate, to the Intent that by their Union and often Assembly together, the good and due Order, Exercise and Knowledge in the said Science or Faculty of Surgery, should he, as well in Speculation as in Practice, both to themselves and their Servants and Apprentices, and by their Learning and dili

gent and ripe Informations, more perfect, speedy and effectual; it was therefore enacted, That the said two several and distinct Companies of Surgeons, that is to say, both the Barbers and the Surgeons, and every Person of them, being a Freeman of either of the said Companies, after the Custom of the said City of London, and their Successors, should from thenceforth be immediately united and made one en tyre and whole Body Corporate, and one Commonalty perpetual, which at all Times thereafter should be called by the Name of Masters or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons if London, and by the same Name to implead and be impleaded before all Manner of Justices in all

Courts, in all Manner of Actions and Suits; and also to purchase, enjoy and take to them and their Successors, Lands, Tenements, 'rents and other Possessions whatsoever: And it was also thereby enacted, That they should have a Common Seal to serve for the Business of the said Company and Corpo ration; and that they should, by the same Name, peaceably, quietly and indefeazibly, have, poness

and enjoy, to them and their successors for ever, all such Lands and Tenements, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, which the said Company or Commonalty of Barbers then had and enjoyed, to the

of the said Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers of London, and should also peaceably and quietly have and enjoy all and Angular Benefits, Grants, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises and Free Customs

also all Manner of other Things at any Time given or granted unto the said Companies of Barbers or Surgeons, by whatsoever Name or Names they or any of them were called, or which they or any of them, or any of their Predecessors, then or theretofore had by Acts of Parliament, Letters Patents or otherwise, by any lawful Means at any Time before the said Act, in as large and ample Manner and Form, as they or any of them, had, might or should enjoy the same, notwithstanding the said Union 6 or Conjunction of the said Companies, and as if the same were and had been specially and particularly

expressed

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15. 601

"expressed and declared, with the bell and most cleared Words and Terms of Law, to all Intents and Purposes: And it was thereby also enabled, That all Persons of the said Company incorporated by the said Act, and their Successors, that should be lawfully admitted and approved to occupy Surgery after the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, should be exempt from bearing of Armour, or to be put in any Watches or Inquests; and that they and their suecefl ors, should have the Search,

Oversight, Punishment and Correction, as well of Freemen as of Foreign, for such Offences as they or any of them, should commit against the good Order of Barbery or Surgery, as theretofore among the said Company of Barbers of London had been used and accustomed, according to the Rules and Ordi nances by them made and approved of, pursuant to the Statute in that Behalf ordained and provided

And it was thereby further enacted, That no Person within the City of London, Suburbs of the same,

and one Mile Compass of the said City, using any Barbery or Shaving, should occupy any Surgery,

letting of Blood, or any other Thing belonging to Surgery, except Drawing of Teeth only; and that whosoever should use the Mystery or Craft of b'urgcry within the Circuit aforesaid, should, as long as he should use the said Mystery or Craft, in no wise occupy or exercise the Seat or Craft of Barbery or

Shaving: And whereas in and by certain Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date betters pitmu the fifteenth Day of August in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the First, 5.c3r, con' 4 reciting the said Act of Parliament of the thirty second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; Hreing their'pri and that the Men of the same Societies, as well from the Time of their said Union and Incorporation vilegcs, s C

4 as before, respectively had, held, used and enjoyed diverse Liberties, Franchises, Immunities, Customs and Preheminences, within the City of London, the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and certain Villages, f and Places thereto adjacent, as well on account of the said Act of Parliament, and other Abls of Parlia 6 inent, as by virtue and on account of diverse Charters and Letters Patents made and granted by the late King James the First, and other Kings and Queens of England, his said Majesty King Charles the First did thereby grant, ratify and confirm unto the said Mailers and Governors of the Mystery and

Commonalty aforesaid, and their Successors, all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Customs, Liberties, Franchises, Immunities, Jurisdictions and Hereditaments whatsoever, as well within the City of London, the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, as within the Liberties and Precincts therein after mentioned, which the Men of the aforesaid Societies of Barbers and Surgeons, or either of s them, then lawfully had, held, used and enjoyed, by reason of any Letters Patents of any of the former Kings and Queens of England', or by Colour of any lawful Prescription, Use, or Custom, or by any other lawful Means, Rights or Title theretofore had, used or accustomed: And his said late Majesty

Charles the First did thereby give Power to the said Company and Corporation to make bylaws

the good Order and Government of the said Society, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions,

as is therein mentioned; and to make annual Elections of Mailers or Governors of the said Commonlty,

whereof two to be Professors in the Art and Science of Surgery; and also to elebl and constitute ten of the Freemen of that Society to be Examiners of the Surgeons of London, during their Lives: And it was thereby further granted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, whether a Freeman of the said Society,

ora Foreigner, or a Native of England, or an Alien, should use or exercise the said Art or Science of Surgery within the said Cities of London and jvejlnunfler, or either of them, or within the Distance of seven Miles of the said City of London, for his or their private Lucre or Profit, (except such Physicians 4 as. are therein mentioned) unless the said Person or Persons were first tried and examined in the Presence of two or more of the Mailers or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty aforesaid for the Time being, by four or more of the said Examiners so to be elected and constituted as aforesaid, and by the public Letters Testimonial of the same Mailers or Governors under their Common Seal approved of,

and admitted to exercise the said Art or Science of Surgery, according to the Laws and Statutes of the Kingdom of England, under the Penalty in the said Letters Patents mentioned; and that all and every of the said Freemen and Surgeons so examined, approved of, and admitted as aforesaid, might lawfully use and exercise the same Art and Science of Surgery, as well within the Cities of London and ifejbnln Jler, the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, as in any other Cities, Towns, Boroughs and Places whatsoever of the Kingdom of England: And. it was thereby further granted and provided, That the said Mailers and Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty aforesaid, and their Successors, might appoint and have a

public Lecture for the Art and Science of Surgery in their common Hall, or other convenient Place,

every Week or otherwise, at the Discretion of the said Mailers or Governors and their Assistants, or the major Part of them for the Time being, to be held for the better instruction and Information in the 1 Principles and Rudiments of the Art and Science of Chirurgery of all and singular as well Freemen as Foreigners, whether native Subjects of Englandox Aliens, to be entered and admitted as is therein mentioned: And it was thereby also constituted and ordained, That no one, whether a Freeman of the Mystery or Commonalty aforesaid, or a Foreigner, whether a Native of England, or an Alien, exerci sing the Art of Surgery within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof,

or within seven Miles of the said City of London, should go out from the Port of London, or send out any Apprentice, Servant or other Person whomsoever, from the same Port, to execute or undertake the Place or Office of a Surgeon for any Ship, whether in the Service of the Crown, or of any Merchant or others, unless they and their Medicines, Instruments and Chests respectively, were first examined,

inspeifted and allowed by two such Mailers or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty aforesaid

for the Time being, as were (killed, knowing and Professors in the same Art of Surgery, under the Pe 4 nalty therein mentioned: And whereas, since the said al for Incorporation of the said two Companies,

those of the said Company pnustiling Surgery, have from their sole and constant study of and Applica tion to the said Science, rendered the Profession and Practice thereof of great Benefit to this Kingdom;

Vol. VI 4h '*And

6o2 C 15.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Union of Barbers and Surgeons of London dtfjolved after Jane 24, 1745.

Surgeons of London made a separate Body j

and may enjoy Rents not exceeding 200 1. per Annum.

The Corporation may chuofe Officers,

Any two of the Matter and Governors, with9Assistants, may hold Courts;

and make Bylaws, & C

Bylaws of the United Company relating to Surgery continued 5

until repealed by virtue of this Act.;

Names of the

Matter,

Wardens,

Examiners,

And whereas the Barbers belonging to the said Corporation are now, and for many Years have been engaged and employed in a Business foreign to, and independent of the Practice of Surgery; and the Surgeons belonging to the same Corporation being now become a numerous and considerable Body, and finding their Union with the Barbers inconvenient in many Respects, and in no Degree conducive to the Progress or Improvement of the Art of Surgery; and that a Separation of the Corporation of Barbers and Surgeons, and making two Corporations of the present united Company of Barbers and Surgeons, will contribute much to the Improvement of Surgery, and thereby become a Matter of public Utility, are therefore desirous that the Surgeons being Freemen of the said Company, may be made a Corporation separate and distinct from and Independent of the Barbers of and belonging to the said Company; 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advise and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Union and Incorporation of the Barbers and Surgeons of London, made and effected by the said recited Act of the thirty second Year of King Henry the Eighth, shall from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, be, and the same is hereby dissolved, vacated and declared to be void and of no Effect, and that such of the Members of the said united Company or Corporation, who are Freemen of the said Company, and admitted and approved Surgeons within the Rules of the said Company and Corporation, and their successors, shall from thenceforth be made, and they are hereby made and constituted a separate and distinct Body Corporate, and Commonalty perpetual, which, at all Times thereafter, shall be called by the Name of Master, Governors and Commonalty of the Art and Science of Surgeons of London; and by the same Name, shall and may implead and be impleaded before all Manner of Justices in all Courts and in all Manner of Actions and Suits, and purchase, enjoy and take to them, and their Successors, any Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Rent or Value of two hundred Pounds in the whole, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company or Corporation herein before established and incorporated, from time to time, in the Manner herein after mentioned, to elect, choose, and appoint one principal Master or Governor, two other Governors or Wardens, ten Examiners of Surgeons, and twenty-one Persons to be the Court of Assistants of the said Company or Corporation, to be respectively qualified and admitted in such Manner, and to continue in the said Offices respectively, for such Time and Times respectively, as by the bylaws, Rules, Ordinances, and Constitutions of the said Company or Corporation, shall be, from time to time, ordered, directed, provided and appointed.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master and Governors of the said Company or Corporation for the Time being, or any two of them, with nine or more of the Members of the said Court of Assistants of the same Company for the Time being, when and as often as to two of the said Master and Governors shall seem meet, to hold Courts and Assemblies, in order to treat and consult about and concerning the Rule, Order, State, and Government of the said Company or Corporation herein before established and incorporated as aforesaid; also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master and Governors and Court of Assistants so assembled, or the major Part of them, to make, ordain, constitute, establish, ratify, confirm, annul, revoke, or abrogate, from time to time, such bylaws, Ordinances, Rules, and Constitutions, as to them shall seem requisite, profitable, and convenient for the Regulation, Government, and Advantage of the said Company or Corporation; so as such bylaws, Ordinances, Rules, and Constitutions be examined, approved of, and allowed, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is provided and required.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the several bylaws, Ordinances, Rules, and Constitutions, made and established for the Regulation and Government of the said United Company or Corporation, so far as the same relate to, or concern the Art and Science of Surgery only, and which, on the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, shall be subsisting, and in Force, and shall not be repealed, annulled, or abrogated by virtue of this present Act, shall continue and be in Force; and shall be exercised, observed, and executed by the said Company of Surgeons established and incorporated by this Act, until such Time and Times respectively as the same bylaws, Ordinances, Rules, and Constitutions shall respectively be repealed, annulled, and made void, by virtue and under the Authority of this present Act.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That John Ranby Esquire, Principal Sergeant Surgeon to his Majesty, shall be, and he is hereby constituted and appointed Principal Master or Governor; and that Master Joseph Sand ford and William Chefelden Esquire, two of the present Wardens of the said United Company, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed, the two other Governors or Wardens of the Company of Surgeons made, established, and incorporated by this Act; and that they shall continue in, and hold, enjoy, and exercise the said Offices respectively from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, until others shall be elected and appointed to the said Offices respectively, as herein after is mentioned: And also that Ambrose Dickins Esquire, Principal Sergeant Surgeon to his Majesty, William Petty Esquire, John Shipton Esquire, the said William Chefelden, John Freke, william Pile, Lcgard Sparham, James Hiekes, and Peter Sainthill, who are the present Examiners of Surgeons, together wirh the said John Ranby, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Examiners of Surgeons for the said Company of Surgeons made, established, and incorporated by this Act; and that they shall respectively continue in, and hold, enjoy, and exercise the said Office of Examiners for and during their natural Lives respectively, or until they shall be respectively removed out of the said Office, pursuant,

and

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15.

and according to the bylaws, Rules, and Consticutions of the said Company or Corporation of Surgeons established and incorporated by this Act: And also that the said John Ranby, Joseph Sand ford, william Chefelden, Ambrose Didtns, william Petty, and John Shilton, John Hayward, the said John h'reke, iviiliam Pile, Legartl Sparham, James Hickcs, and Peter saintbiu, Noah Rout, John jvejlbroot, iviwum Singleton, and James Phillips, and such five other Persons as shall hereafter be elected and appointed for that Purpose, in pursuance of this Act, and as is herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby conllituted and appointed the Court of Assistants of the Company of Surgeons made, established and incorporated by this Act; and that they shall continue in, and hold, enjoy, and exercise the said Office during their natural Lives respectively, or until they shall respectively be removed out of the said Office, pursuant and according to the bylaws, Rules, and Constitutions of the same Company.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Ranby,

Joseph Sand ford, william Chefclden, Ambrose Diciins, william Petty, John Shipton, John Hayward, John preke, william Pile, Legard Sparham, James Hickcs, Peter Saintbill, Noah Roul, John Westbrook, william Singleton, and James Phillips, to meet at or in such Place as the said John Ranly, Joseph Sand ford, and william Chefclden, or any two of them, shall appoint, on the first: Day of July one ilioulaiid seven hundred and fortyfive, between the Hours of ten and two of the Clock of the same Day; and then and there to cleft, choose, and appoint, out of the Freemen of the said Company or Corporation of Surgeons established and incorporated by this Act, by the Majority of Votes of such of the said sixteen Persons herein before appointed to be of the Court of Assistants, who shall be present at such Meeting, so many other Persons to be of the Court of Assistants of the same Company or Corporation, as will make the Number twenty-one, to continue in the said Office for and during their natural Lives respectively, or until they shall be respectively removed out of the said Office.

VII. And it is further enacted, That the Master, Governors, and Court of Assistants for the Time being, of the said Company of Surgeons made, established, and incorporated by this Act, shall, upon the first: Thursday in the Month of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and or the first Thursday in the Month of July in every succeeding Year, meet at such Place as the Master and Governors of the same Company for the Time being, or any two of them shall appoint; and then and there elect, choose, and appoint, out of their Body, by the Majority of Votes of such of the said Master,

Governors, and Court of Assistants, who shall be then present, one Person to be Principal Master o Governor, and two other Persons to be Governors or Wardens of the said Company or Corporation of Surgeons, established and incorporated by this Act, for the then succeeding Year and then and there also, in like manner, elect, choose, and appoint, out of their own Body such other Person or Persons, to be Examiner or Examiners of Surgeons, for the same Company, in the Place or Stead of such Examiner or Examiners, as shall have happened to die, or have been removed from the said Office of Examiner, in the the then next preceding Year and also in like manner, elect, choose, and appoint, out of the Freemen of the said Company or Corporation of Surgeons established and incorporated by this Act, such Person or Persons to be of the Court of Assistants of the same Cympany or Corporation, in the Place and Stead of such Person or Persons who shall have happened to die in, or have been removed from, the said Office of Court of Assistants, in the then next preceding Year.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Company of Surgeons made, established, and company of incorporated by this Act, and their Successors, and all Persons who shall be Freemen of the same Com Surgeons to n pany or Corporation, shall and may, from time to time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, joy same hold, and enjoy all and every such and the same Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Powers, and Autho'r'vllcees' rities, as the Members of the said United Company or Corporation, being Freemen of the said Company, orlettcnpatent. and admitted and approved Surgeons, within the Rules of the said Company and Corporation, could or

might respectively have had, held, and enjoyed, by virtue of the said recited Act of Union or Incorporation, and the said Letters Patent of his said late Majesty King Charles the First respectively, and other the Royal Grants, Charters, and Patents, therein mentioned and referred to, so far as the same relate to the Art or Science of Surgery only, and not otherwise; that in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had in and by this present Act been expressly repeated and re enacted; and that they, and all such who already have been, or hereafter shall be, examined and approved, pursuant to the Rules of the said Company, shall be entitled to practice freely, and without re straint, the Art and Science of Surgery, throughout all and every his Majesty's Dominions; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven Candidates to

hundred and fortyfive, the Examiners of the Company of Surgeons established by this Act shall, and they Is surg«°ns are hereby required, from time to time, upon request to them made, to examine every Person who shall be V C' a Candidate to be appointed to serve as a Surgeon, a surgeon's Mate, of any Regiment, Troop, Company, be examined'.

Hospital, or Garrison of Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, in like Manner as they do or shall examine any Surgeon or Surgeons to be appointed to serve on Board any Ship or Vessel in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Surgeons ex

being Freemen of the said Company and Corporation of Surgeons established and incorporated by this empted from Pa aft, and who already have been, or hereafter shall be, examined and approved pursuant to the Rules

and Orders of the said Company, and every of them, for so long Time as he and they shall use and ex Turis'

ercife the said Art or Science of Surgery, and no longer, shall and may, at all Times hereafter, be J freed and exempted from the several Offices of Constable, Scavenger, Overseer of the Poor, and all other Parish, Ward, and Leet Offices, and of and from the being put into or serving upon any Jury or Inquest:

H 2 And

60 3

and Court of ahifufiifc.

Maftrri, vr. to mret 011 July 1,745

to complete seen Court of assist anta to the Number of 21.

Annua] Meeting to choose Officer!.

604 C 15.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

And if at any Time hereafter any such Person or Persons, using and practising the said Art or Science of Surgery, and being qualified as aforesaid, shall be chosen and elected into any of the said Offices, or returned, required, or appointed to serve on any Jury, Leet, or Inquest, or be disquieted or diltuibed by reason thereof; that then such Person or Persons, producing atestimonial, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, of such his Examination, Approbation, and Freedom, to the Person or Persons by whom he shall be so elected or appointed, or by or before whom he shall be summoned, returned, or required to serve or hold any of the said Offices or Duties, shall be absolutely discharged from the same; and such Nomination, Election, Return, and Appointment, shall be utterly void, and of no Effect; Order, Custom, Law, or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

This Aa not to

XI. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any prejudice the Thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed or taken to prejudice, abridge, or in r c'ofph fr nge any of the Privileges, Authorities, Powers, Rights, Liberties, or Francnifes heretofore granted by ikians^london, any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Letters Patents, Charters or Charter of any of his Majesty's Royal predecefi ors, Kings or Queens of England, to the President and College, or Commonalty, of the Faculty of Physic in London.

Freemen of the

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Members of the unitejcompany, said United Company or Corporation, who are Freemen of the said Company, and are not admitted or not admitted Sur approved Surgeons, and their Successors, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one peons, incorpora thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, be, and they are hereby made and constituted, a Body Corpo j r a a pec t rate, and Commonalty Perpetual, which, at all Times hereafter shall be called by the Name of The Ma name ', etent Jler, Governors, and Commonalty of the Myjlery of Barbers of London; and by the same Name shall plead enjoy a and be Lnpleaded before all manner of Justices, in all Courts, and in all manner of Actions and Suits; Rent not exceed and also purchase, enjoy, and take to them, and their Successors, any Lands, Tenements, Rents, " or he ingaool. per reditaments, not exceeding the yearly Rent or Value of two hundred Pounds in the whole, without Ann. incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain.

Names of the

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Matter "Jonathan Medley, the Matter, &c. of present first Master or Governor of the said United Company or Corporation, and Master Humphrey the Company of ^legits, the present third Master or Governor of the said United Company, and such two other Persons don ersofltm' as shall hereafter be elected and appointed for that Purpose in pursuance of this Act, and as is herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby respectively established and confirmed the Master and Governors of the Company or Corporation of Barbers of London, established and incorporated by this Act; and shall continue in, and hold, exercise and enjoy the said Offices respectively, until others shall be chosen, elected and appointed in and to the same Offices respectively, pursuant and according to the bylaws, rules, Orders and Constitutions of the same Company; and also that the said Jonathan Medley, Humphrey Negus, and William Parker, Luke Maurice, John Barnwell, John Truelove, William Haddon, John Negus, Edward Boxley, Samuel Rutter, Robert Scrooby, Richard Swithin, Edward Colebeck, Togarmab Jones, and John Guerney, being fifteen of the present Court of Assistants of the said United Company, and such nine other Persons as shall hereafter be elected and appointed for that Purpose in pursuance of this Act, and as is herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed the Court of Assistants of the Company of Barbers, made, established, and incorporated by this Act; and shall continue in, and hold, enjoy and exercise the said Office during their natural Lives respectively, or until they shall be respectively removed out of the said Office, pursuant and according to the said bylaws, Rules, Ordinances and Constitutions of the said Company of Barbers of London.

Time and Place

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Jonathan of Meeting, Medley, Humphrey Negus, William Parker, Luke Maurice, John Barnwell, John Truelove, Willi a n Haddon, John Negus, Edward Boxley, Samuel Rutter, Robert Scrooby, Rickard Sivithin, Edward Colebeck, Togarmab Jones, and John Guerney, or the major Part of them, to meet at or in the Hall now belonging to the said United Company, situate in Monkwell street in the City of London, on the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and One in the Afternoon of the same Day, and then and there to elect, choose and appoint out of the Freedom of the said Company or Corporation of the Barbers of London, established and incorporated by this Act, by the Majority of the Votes of such of the said fifteen Persons last mentioned, who shall be present at such Meeting, so many other Persons to be of the said Court of Assistants of the said Company or Corporation of the Barbers of London, as will make the Number twenty-four, to continue in the said Office respectively for and during their natural Lives, or until they shall be respectively removed out of the said Office; and also that immediately after such Court of Assistants shall be made up the said Number of twenty-four Persons, the said Court of Assistants shall then and there, by the Majority of Votes of such of the said Court of Assistants as shall be then present, elect, choose and appoint from among themselves.

to make tip the Court of assist ants of the Barbers Company, the Nunaher 245

and to ete£t the

hird nd fourth two Persons, to be the third and fourth Governors of the said Company or Corporation of the Barhers of London, to continue in, hold, exercise and enjoy the said Offices respectively as aforesaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Master and Governors for the Time being of the said Company or Corporation of Barbers, or any two or more of them, with eleven or more of life Members of the said Court of Assistants for the Time being, when and as often as to two or more of the said Master and Governors shall seem meet, to hold Courts or Assemblies at or in the Hall of the said Company for the Time being, in order to treat and consult about the Rule, State, Order and Government of the said Company or Corporation of Barbers; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Master and Governors, and Court of Assistants so a lie mb led, or the major Part of them, to make, constitute, ordain establish, ratify and confirm all or any such bylaws, Ordinances

Governors.

Any two of the Master and Governors, with Afliftaats may hold Courts 5

and make or repeal by laws

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15. 605

dinaiices, Rules and Constitutions, as to them shall seem requisite, proper or convenient for the Regulation, Government, Profit or Advantage of the said Company or Corporation of the ijarbers of London, and the Members thereof, and the same, from time to time, to alter or repeal; so as the bylaws, Ordinances, Rules and Constitutions so to be made and established, shall be examined, approved and allowed of, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is provided and required.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the several bylaws, Ordinances, liy lawsof the

Rules and Constitutions, made and established for the Regulation and Government of the said United uni<cdc?mplnl'> Company or Corporation, so far as the same do not relate to, or concern the Art or Science of Surgery, sot relating to and which on the said twenty-third Day of June shall be subsisting and in forcej.and shall not be re coo ru

pealed, annulled or abrogated by virtue of this present Act, shall continue and be in Force, and shall be '

exercised, observed and executed by the said Company of Barbers established and incorporated by this Act, until such Time and Times respectively as the same bylaws, Ordinances, Rules and Constitutions until repealed by shall respectively be repealed, annulled and made void, by Virtue and under the Authority of this pre virtue oi their sent Act. au.

XVII. And it, is. hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master and Governors Mader and Coos

the said Company or Corporation of Barbers of London shall be yearly elected and eliofen on the fe vemors when and cond burfday in August, by the Court of Assistants, or the major Part of them, or in such Manner as^ro be

by the bylaws, Rules, Orders and Constitutions of the same Company or Corporation shall be ordained ' 10 '

or provided; and that when and as often as any Member of the said Court of Assistants of the said Com Member of th;

pany of Barbers shall happen to die or be removed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving Court of

Members of the said Court of Assistants, or the major Part of them, to nominate and deft one other "'removey tg" Person, being a Freeman of the same Company, to be a Member of the said Court of Assistants, in the tz Supplied.'Room of the Person so deceased or removed; and the Person so nominated or defied shall continue in, hold and exercise the said Office for and during his natural Life, or until he shall be removed out of the same.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, Governors and Company of Bar commonalty of the Mystery of Barbers of London, hereby made, established and incorporated as afore b to enjoy the said, and their successors, and all Persons who shall be free of the same Company or Corporation, shall af befores' and may from time to time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold and enjoy all and every such except insur^ery. and the same Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Powers and Authorities, as the said United Company or Corporation, with respect to everything but Surgery, and the Members of the said United Company, occupying the Seat or Craft of Barbery or Shaving, could or might respectively have had, held and enjoyed by virtue of the said recited Act of Union or Incorporation, and Letters Patents of his late Ma

jeily King Charles the First, and other the Royal Grants, Charters and Patents therein respectively mentioned and referred to, so far as the same do not concern or relate to the Art and Science of Surgery; and that in as full, ample and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been expressly repeated, set down, and enacted in and by this present Act.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of five hundred and Gift of tol.

ten Pounds now vested in the said United Company, and which was given and paid to the said United and Annuity Company by Edward Arris, for the Use of the public Anatomy Lectures on the Muscles, and also the ot' 16 ' Annuity or yearly rent charge of sixteen Pounds given to the said United Company by the Will ofcompanyr.gs<ms John Gale Gentleman, for one anatomy.lecture, by the Name of gale's Anatomy, and charged upon 1 '

certain Messuages and Tenements at Snow Hill, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, without Newgate, London,

shall from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive -

veiled in, and be deemed the sole Property, Dilate and Effects of the said Company and Corporation of

Surgeons established and incorporated by this Act; and that the said Sum of five hundred and ten Pounds to b? pais to

be accordingly paid by the said Company or Corporation of Barbers of London, out of the Estate and them by tfcabir

effects of and now belonging to the said United Company or Corporation, within three Months next ters C "it>pin)' J

after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, and that the said Sum of five hundred and ten Pounds, and the Lid Annuity or yearly rent charge of sixteen Pounds per Annum, shall be held and enjoyed by the said Company of Surgeons established by this Act, upon Trust, to be applied and disposed of for the

Purposes intended by the Donors thereof respectively; and that from and after the Payment of the said

five hundred and ten Pounds by the said Company of Barbers to the said Company of Surgeons, they

the said Master, Governors and Commonalty of the Mystery of Barbers of London, and their Successors,

shall for ever be.discharged of and from the said Sum or Gift of five hundred and ten Pounds, and every ".

Part thereof, and of and from the said Annuity or Gift of sixteen Pounds per Annum, and every Part

thereof, and of from all Duties and Trusts in respect of toe said Gifts, or either of them and shall, anisieidintnift

from time to time, be saved harmless and kept indemnified by the said company of Surgeons, of, from far the Purposes and against the same, and all Actions', Suits, Charges and Expenses which they the said Master, Go intended Ky the

vernors and Commonalty of the Mystery cf Barbers of London, or their Successors, shall or may, from l)c'nor'*

time to time, be put unto or sustain on account' thereof; and that all the Rest and Refulue of the Real

and Personal Estate and Effects of and belonging to the said United Company or Corporation, and the

Arms or Ensigns Armorial of the same Company or Corporation, shall from and after the said twenty

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive be veiled in, and the same are hereby

from thenceforth vested in the said Company, or Corporation of Barbers of London, and their Successors,

to and for their own sole and separate Ule and Benefit for ever,

3

6o6 C 16, 17.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Books, Papers, C belonging to the United Company, and relating to Surgeons only, to be delivered to them.

All other Books, C may be in i'ptfted by the burgeons \

and Copies taken

said Books, C tc* be produced on any Trial.

Apprentices entitled to Freedom as before.

tubs: ck A£V,

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Books, Papers and Writings which now belong to the said United Company of Barbers and Surgeons, and relate to or concern the Surgeons or Surgery only, shall immediately after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive be delivered by the said Company of Barbers, establishea and incorporated by this Adito the Mailer and Governors, and Court of Assistants, of the said Company of Surgeons established and incorporated by this Act, or such other Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them shall, by Writing under their Hands appoint to receive the same, for the Use and Benefit of the said Company of Surgeons: And that the Mailer, Governors, and Court of Assistants of the same Company of Surgeons, or any of them, or such other Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them shall, by Writing under their Hands appoint, hall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice, from and after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive have free Access to, and Liberty to inspect and peruse, in the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Company of Barbers shall appoint to have the' Care and Custody thereof, all the rest of the Books, Papers and Writings, and also all the Charters and Deeds which now belong to the said United Company of Barbers and Surgeons; and from time to time to take such Copies or Extracts of or from the same, or any of them, as the said Mailer, Governors, and Court of Assistants of the said Company of Surgeons, or the major Part of them, or such other Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from time to time desire or require; and also that the said Company of Barbers shall, from time to time, and at all Times, upon reasonable Notice, from and after the said first Day of July, produce the said lait mentioned Books, Papers, Writings, Charters and Deeds, or any of them, at the Expense of the said Company of Surgeons, upon any Trial at Law, or Hearing in Equity, or Examination of witnesses, or otherwise, where the said Company of Surgeons shall have Occasion to make use thereof, or of any of them, and permit the said Company of Surgeons to make use of the same accordingly.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who hath been bound Apprentice to any Member of the said United Company, and by the Laws or custom of the City of London, or otherwise, is or would be entitled to his Freedom of the said United Company, and to the Freedom of the said City, in case this present Act had never been made, shall be in titled and admitted to his Freedom in the said Company or Corporation of Surgeons, if his Mailer is or was an examined Surgeon, or else to his Freedom in the said Company of Barbers; and in either Case shall be entitled and admitted to his Freedom of the said City of London; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

PR.

Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XVII.

An Act Forgiving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northwest Passage through Hudson's Straights, to the Western and Southern Ocean of America.

WHEREAS the discovering of a Northwest Passage through hudson's Straights, to the Western American Ocean, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom: And whereas it will be a great Encouragement to Adventurers to attempt the same, if a public Reward was given to such Person or Persons as shall make a perfcdl Discovery of the said Passage: 'May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par

Kwid of liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, be 5.0,000l. to ths longing to any his Majesty's Subjects, shall find out and sail through any Passage by Sea between hudson's bayjina the Western and Southern Ocean of America, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Ships, -'or Vessels as aforesaid, so first finding out and sailing through the said Passage, his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive as a Reward for such Discovery, the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds.

II. And in order to afeertnin who are the first Discoverers of the said Passage, and to whom the Reward hereby given does of Right belong; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain for the Time being, the Lord President of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council for the Time being, the Lord Privy Seal for the Time being, the Lord Steward of his Majesty's Household for the Time being, the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's Household for the time being, the Lord High Treasurer, or First Commissioner for executing the Office of treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, the Lord High Admiral, or first Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, his Majesty's Principal 1 Secretaries

Owner of the Vessel discover "ovi ing a Northwest Foliage.

Commissioneri for the Discovery 5

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii C 18. 607

Secretaries of State for the Time being, the Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons for the Time being, the Chancellor and under Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Time I cing, the first Commissioner for Trade and Plantations for the Time being, the Treasurer of his majdiy's Navy for the Time being, the Admirals of the Red, White, and Blue Squadrons for the Time being, be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said Discovery; are hereby authorised and empowered to ex impownri to amine upon Oath ant Person or Persons produced by the Claimant or Claimants to such Reward (which " lam, northeast, lie Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to ad

and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, of which the Lord High Admiral, or the First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be one, being fully satisfied, upon Examination and Proof, that such Passage by Sea is cftec tually discovered, and sailed through as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and required to grant a Certificate under their Hands and Seals, to such Person or Persons as they shall judge are entitled to the same; which Certificate shall be produced to the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commis and grant acer ftoners of the Treasury for the Time being; and the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds shall be paid jj'j

to such Person or Persons as are named in the said Certificate, his or their Executors, Administrators, or eronenlllc Assigns, out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in Parliament to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after the said Discovery shall be completed, and the said Certificate thereof produced as aforesaid.

III. And, as a further Encouragement, and to promote the prosecuting of and finding out such Adventurers to Passage; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons whatsoever, being Sub j>'f>miiedm jects of his Majesty, and residing in any Place where the said Adventurers may come, in the Pro 1 " !' fecution of the said Discovery, shall give the said Adventurers all Aid and assistance requisite; and

that the said Persons, being Subjects as aforesaid, shall no ways obstruct, molest, or refuse the said Adventurers reasonable Succour, in any Distress they may fall into, in the prosecuting such Discovery as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act. shall any ways extend, or be construed to take This Act rot to

away or prejudice any of the Estate, Rights, or Privileges of or belonging to the Governor and prejudice the Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudsons Bay. yentlte^l

CAP. XVIII.

hudson's Bay.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve For firmer Lews in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England. 7f f ej!\\

C 5. 7 H. 4.

C 15. II if. 4. c. 1. 1 if. 5. C 1. 8 H, 6. C 7. 10 H. 6. c. 2. 23 H. 6. C 14. 7 W. 3. C 4, 7 S' 8 W. 3. C 7 S' 25. 30 S' 11 Vt'. 3. C 7, 9 Ann. C 3. 10 Ann. C 23. 2 Geo. 2. e, 24. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20.

itlhereas several Delays and Inconveniences have arisen in Elections of Knights of Shires to

serve n Parliament, to the Great Trouble and Expense of the Candidates and Electors; 'For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, upon every Election to be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, or Dominion of Wales, of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, every Freeholder, instead of the Oath or Affirmation prescribed to be taken by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fradident Infield of C e

Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, before he is admit °alh ioam;

ted to poll at the said Election, shall (if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person z ="°'hreril having a Right to vote at the said Election) first take the Oath (or being one of the People called Quakers, freei^'wer^ the solemn Affirmation) following; videlicet,

TO U shall swear (or being one of the People called Quakers, you shall solemnly affirm) that you are a The Osih,

JL Freeholder in the County of and have a Freehold Estate, confining of

specifying the Nature of such Freehold Effiate, whether messuage, Land, Rent, Tithe, or what else; and if such

Freehold Estate confjls in Messuages, Lands, or Tithes, then specifying in whose Occupation the same are; and if in Rent, then specifying the Names of the Owners or Poffiejfors of the Lands or Tenements, out of which such

is iffiuing, or of same or one of them) lying or being at in the County of of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of, or in

Respect of the same; and that you have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, for your own Use, above twelve Calendar Months, or that the same came to you, within the Time aforesaid, by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a Benefice in a

Church, or by Promotion to an Office; and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted or made to

you fraudulently, on purpose to qualify you to give your Vote; and that the Place of your Abode is at in and that your are twenty-one Years of Age, as you believe; and

that you have not been polled before at this Election.

Which Oath (or solemn Affirmation) the Sheriff by himself, his under Sheriff, or such sworn Clerk or By shore tote Clerks, as shall be by him appointed for the taking of the Poll, is hereby required to administei: And in admimfttt'i,

case

6g8

Pen illy of Perjury, or Subornation, the idiyic as by 5 eliz.'c. and t Geos. C 25.

Clauses repealed of 10 Annie, C

and 12 Annie, U, i. C 5.

In Part repealed.

Qualification of Ekftors,

Exception for voting in Right of Chambers or Offices.

Duplicates of the Rand tax af feltments to be kept among the Records of the Sessionsj

to be inspected, or Copies taken.

Further Qualifications of fcktfors.

Penalty of 4©1,

C 18. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

case any Freeholder or other Person taking the Paid Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convinced; and if any Person do unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder, or other Person, to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby lie shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they, for every such Offence, shall incur such Pains and Penalties as are in and by two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for punching such Persons as fall procure or commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury; the other made in the second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punif merit of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to teal Bondi, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money, contrary to the said Aids.

II. And whereas by the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne, It is enabled as follows; videlicet, that from and after the first Day of May which was in the

Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, no Person shall vote for the electing of any

Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Relpeel or in Right of any Lands or Tenements which have not been charged or assessed to the publick taxes, Church Rates, and Parish Duties, in such Proportion as other Lands or Tenements of forty Shillings per Annum, within the same Parish or Township wherein the same shall lie or be, are ufdally charged: And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, for explaining the said recited Clause, It is enabled, That the said al, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to restrain anyperlon from voting in such Election of any Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right of any Rents, Tithes, or other incorporeal Inheritances, or any Messuages or Lands in extra parochial Places, or any Chambers in the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, or any Messuages or Seats belonging to any Offices, in regard or by reason that the same have not been usually charged or assessed to all or any the public Taxes, Church Rates, C and Parish Duties, as mentioned in the above recited at, or in Respect or Right of any other Messuages

or Lands not herein before specified, in regard or by, reason that the same have not been usually charged or assessed to all and every the public Taxes, Church Rates, and Parish Duties aforesaid;

that such Messuages or Lands have usually beer, charged or assessed to same one or more of the said

public Taxes, Rates or Duties, in such Proportion as other Messuages or Lands of forty Shillings per Annum, in the same Parish or Township where the same shall lie or be, are usually charged to the same; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That To much of the said recited Act as disables any Person to vote for Knights of Shires, in Respect or in Right of any Lands or Tenements which have not been charged or assessed as therein mentioned, shall from and after the said twenty fourth Day of June be and is hereby repealed, >»s 1 if.',: A. 'lot. ..it: .:

III. Provided always, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, no Person shall vote

for the electing of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, in Respect or in Right of any Messuages, Lands or Tenements, which have not been charged or assessed towards some Aid granted, or hereafter to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, twelve Calendar Months next. before such Election

IV. Provided also, That this at, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to restrain any Person from voting in any such Election of any Knight or Knights of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, or Principality of Wales, in Respect or in Right of any Rents, or any Chambers in the Inns of Court or Inns of Chancery, or any Messuages or Seats belonging to any Offices, in regard or by reason that the same have not been usually charged or assessed to the Aid commonly called The Land Tax; and that the; acting Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at their Meetings for the respective Divisions, shall sign and seal one other Duplicate of the Copies of the respective. Assessments to be delivered to them by the several Assessors, after all Appeals determined, and the same to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Clerks of the Peace for their respective Counties, 'to be by them kept amongst the Records of the Sessions, to which all Persons may resort at all seasonable Times, and inspect the same, paying sixpence for such Inspection; the said Clerks of the Peace, or their Deputies, are hereby required forthwith to give Copies of the said Duplicates, or any Part thereof, to any such Person or Persons who shall require the same, paying after the Rate of sixpence for every three hundred Words, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Number.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, no Person shall vote in any such Election, without having a Freehold Estate in the County for which he votes, of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same, or without having been in the actual Possession, or in Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, for his own Use, above twelve Calendar Months, unless the same came to him within the Time aforesaid, by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office, or fhaj) vote in Respect or in Right of any Freehold Estate, which was made or granted to him fraudulently, on purpose to qualify him to give his Vote, or shall vote more than once at the same Election: if any Person shall vote in any such election, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, he shall forfeit to any Candidate for whom such vote shall not have been given, and who shall first sue for the same, the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his or their Executors or Administrators, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record

at

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo o&auo Georgii II. c. 18. 609

at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege or Imparlance shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such Action, the Proof shall lie on such Person against whom the same was brought, unless the Fact on which such Action is grounded, be the having polled more than once at the same Election.

VI. And be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no public or Parliamentary Tax, County, Koi, «ww, k T

Church, or Parish Rate or Duty, or any other Tax, Rate or Assessmeny whatsoever, to be affected or lc

vied upon any County, Division, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Ward or Hundred, is or shall be deemed ryecifjid."

or construed to be any Charge, payable out of or in respect of any Freehold Estate, within the Meaning and Intention of this Act, or of the Oath or solemn Affirmation herein before directed to be administered to, and taken by every Freeholder, if required, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Booths tm Days 'june one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, at every such Election within that Part of Great at '!, 'j _ Britain called England., and Dominion of jvalcs, the Sheriff, or in his Absence the Under Sheriff, or such cajtrjatc as he shall depute, shall appoint, make or erect, or cause to be appointed, made or erected, at the Expense of the Candidates, such Number of convenient Booths or Places for taking the Poll, as the Candidates, or any of them shall, three Days at least before the Commencement of the Poll, defjrc, so as the proportioned to same do not exceed the Number of Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, Wards, or Hundreds within the said County, and not exceeding in the Whole the Number of Fifteen; and shall affix, or cause to be affixed, cccdinj i5. on the most public Part of each of the said Booths or Polling Places, the Name or Names of the Rape,

Wapentake, Lathe, Ward, or Hundred, or Rapes, Wapentakes, Lathes, Wards or Hundreds, for

which such Booth or Polling Place is allotted or designed; and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or such sheriff to appoint Personas he shall depute, shall appoint a proper Clerk or Clerks at each of the said Booths or Polling bui for 'oi' Places, to take the Poll (which said Clerk or Clerks shall be at the Expense of the Candidates, and be ij°° a't can paid not exceeding one Guinea per Day each Clerk) and the said Sheriff" or Under Sheriff, shall also dida es Expense; make out a List for each of the said Booths or Polling Places respectively, of all the several Towns, VII List of Towns, lages, Parishes, and Hamlets, lying or being wholly or in part in the Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Ward,

or Hundred, or in the several Rapes, Wapentakes, Lathes, Wards, or Hundreds, for which such Booth Copiestobe given or Polling Place is allotted or designed; and shall, upon Request made, deliver a true Copy thereof toatxs. each, any of the Candidates, or their Agents, who shall desire the same, taking for each of the said Copies the Sum of two Shillings, and no more.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Clerk p otts afeacl1.

appointed to take the Poll at any of the said Booths or Polling Places, shall admit any Person to vote b^'clut:

for any Lands, Tenements, or other Freehold Estate, sworn by the said Oath to be lying and being at

some Parish, Town or Place, or Parishes, Towns or Places, which Parish, Townor Place, or Parishes,

Towns or Places, or any of them, or any Part of them, is not, or are not mentioned in the List so made out for such Booth or Polling Places as aforesaid, unless such Lands, Tenements, or Estate lie or be in Exception, some Town, Liberty or Place not mentioned in any of the Lists so made out for all the said Booths or Polling Places as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff or in his Absence the a Cheque Book (Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute, shall at every such Election allow a Cheque Book for every b^ok'allowed Poll Book, for each Candidate, to be kept by their respective Inspectors at every Place where the Poll for each Candidate, such Election shall be taken.or carried on.

X. And whereas by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William Sheriff to the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and g°url'

e for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such linger than

Members; it is enacted, That upon every Election to be made of any Knight or Ivnights of the Shire, x6 Days.

the Sheriff of the County where such Election shall be made, shall proceed to Election at the next County Court, unless the same fall out to be held within six Days after the Receipt of the Writ, or upon the same Day, and then shall adjourn the same Court to some convenient Day, giving ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Election: whereas Sheriffs have frequently in such Cases, where the County Court fell out to be held within six Days after the Receipt of the Writ, or upon the same

Day, made long Adjournments of the same, in order to delay proceeding to Election For Remedy thereof for the future. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, no Sheriff shall in such Case take upon himself to adjourn such Court for longer than sixteen Days -; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, clause of

An act to explain and amend an act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the 6 Ge°' C J

Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and rcpca C

for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning

such Members, so far as the same relates to the holding of County Courts', it is among other Things enacted,

That no County Court whatsoever, held within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be ad journed to a Monday, a Friday, or Saturday, and that all and every such Adjournment and Adjourn

and all and every Act and Deed done or performed at such Courts so adjourned, shall be deemed,

adjudged and taken to be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: whereas

*, the same hath been found inconvenient, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, so much of the said Act, as is herein before recited, shall be and is hereby repealed.

Vol. VI 4. I

io C

ig} 20.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Sheriff, C offending, to be prosecuted.

No Nolle profs qii or Ceffec Procclfus 10 be granted.

The Manner of proceed.ng in cale of Offence against this Act,

Limitation of actions,

Statutes of Jeofails, C extended to Proceedings on th'13 Ad.

Treble Costs,

See 19 Geo. a, C

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any fttch Sheriff or Under Sheriff, who shall preside at any Election of any such Knight or Knights of the Shire, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or Dominion of Wales, shall wilfully offend against, or aft contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall be.liable to be prosecuted by Information, or Indictment, in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, or at the Sessions held for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, or at the Assises for the County, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall committed, in which no Noli Prosequi or cess et Proccjfus shall b. c. granted; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be sufficient for the

Plaintiff, in any Action of Debt given by this Act, to set forth in the Declaration or Bill, that the Defendant is indebted to him, in the Sum of and to allege the particular Offence for

which the Action or Suit is brought; and that the Defendant hath acted contrary to this Act, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof; and it shall be sufficient in any Indictment or Information, for any Offence committed contrary to this Act, to allege the particular Offence charged upon the Defendant; and that the Defendant is guilty thereof, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof; and upon Trial of any Issue in any such Action, Suit, Indictment or Information, the Plaintiff, Prosecutor or Informer, shall not be obliged to prove the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof, or any Warrant or Authority to the" Sheriff, grounded upon any such Writ of Summons.

XIV. Provided always, That every Action, Suit, Indictment or Information given by this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of nine Calendar Months after the Fact, upon which the same is grounded, shall have been committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Statutes of Jeofails and Amendments of thclaw whatsoever, shall and may be construed to extend to all Proceedings in any Action. Indictment or Information, given or allowed by this Actor which shall bebrought in pursuance thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Plaintiff or Informer, in any Action, Suit, Indictment or Information, given by this Act, shall discontinub the lame, or be nonsuited, or Judgement be otherwise given against him; then, and in any of the said Cases, the Defendant against whom such Action, Suit or Information shall have been brought, shall recover his Treble Costs,

31 Geo. 2. CI 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick (through Elmdon) to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

PR.

Tolls granted for 21 Years.

CAP. XX.

t<n*.ir nc atf An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of his present ma iz'° jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification ofi Justices of the Peace.

2 Ed. 3. C 6.

sed. yft. i. 'cz. 34 Ed. 3. C 1 & 3. 12 R. 2 C 10; 13 R. 1, 1. 7. 14 R. 2. c. 11. 17 R. 2. t, 10. 2 H. 5. ft. j. C 4. 2 H, 5. ft. 2, C 1. 18

H. 6. e. II 1 Ed. 4 C 2. 1 R. 3. C 3. 3 11, 7. c. 1. 4 H. 7. r, 12. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21 fee. 10, 9 Geo. 1. c. 7. 5 Geo. 2. c. 18 & 19. 7 Geo. 2. C io

15 Gib, 2. C 04. 16 Geo. 2. c. 18. M

WHEREAS by many Acts of Parliament of late Years made, the Power and Authority of jut ftices of the Peace is greatly increased, whereby it is become of the utmost Comfeqiience to the Commonweal, to provide against Persons of mean Estate acting as such: And whereas the Laws novy in Force are not sufficient for that Purpose; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this After March 25, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth 1746, no ferson Day Of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, lie p^ac^nof'o'r^ f'ei'f°n be capable of being a Justice of the Peace, or of acting as such for any County, Riding or Division, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, who shall not yer Ann; have either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession, a Freehold, Copyhold or Customary Estate for Life, or for some greater Estate, or an Estate for some long Term of Years, determinable upon one or more Life or Lives, or for a certain Term originally created for twenty-one years or more in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, lying or being in that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, over and above what will satisfy and discharge all Encumbrances that affect the same, and over and above all Rents and charges or not entitled payable out of, or in respect of the same; or who shall not be seized of or entitled unto, in Law or Equity, to th ttcversion fq and for hi s own Use and Benefit, the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Lands, Tenements, Ann ° per r Hereditaments, lying or being as aforesaid, which are leased for one, two or three Lives, or for any

and who shall Term of Years, determinable upon the Death of one, two or three Lives, upon reserved Rents, and

not take and tut which are of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds; and who shall not, before the said rwenty cribe thr tol fifth Day of March, or before he takes upon himself to act as a Justice of Peace, after the said twenty

lowing Oath. fifth ay of March, at some General or Quarter sessions for the County, Riding or Division for which

Amended by he dobs of shall intend to act, first take and subscribe the Oath following, videlicet,

JJ.B,

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo giiongiir II

G, 20;. 6j i

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and luma side 'have such an Estate, in Law or Equity, to and foe my. Oath, own Ufc and Benefit, confuting ot (fipecifying the Nature of such

Estate whether Messuage, Land, Rent, Tithe, Office, Benefice or what else) as doth qualify me to act as a ' Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, of according to the true Intent and Meaning of an act of, Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and render morei effectual an ae.l '

passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty' s' Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of.ju dices of the Peace; and that the same (except where it conftjli of an Office, Benefice or Ecclesiastical P refer tnent, which it shall he fujficinit to ascertain by their known and usual Names) is lying or being, or issuing out of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, neing within the' Parish, Township or Precinct of or in the several Parishes, Townships or precincts of in the County of or in the several Counties of 1

[as the Case may be.) t i

Which Oath so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Oath to bear county, Riding or Division for the Time being, among the Records of the Sessions for the said County, cord': i riding or Division.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Clerk of the Peace shall, copy of Oath t upon Demand for that Purpose made, forthwith deliver a true and attested Copy of the said Oath in Wri be given for at. tring, to any Person, paying for the lame the Sum of two Shillings and no more; which being proved to be a true Copy of such Oath, to be kept among! the Records as aforesaid, shall be admitted to be given end admitted in in Evidence upon any Issue in any action, Suit or Information, to be brought upon this act' - Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth Penalty of icol. Day of March, any Person who shall act as a Justice of the peace for any County, Riding or Division, on any t'erson within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, without having taken and ^d'"s on<lua' subscribed the said Oath as aforesaid, or without being qualified according to the true Intent and Mean ing of this act, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which he most usually resides, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by. Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Proof of quali iio Essoin, Protection, 'Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in' every such /ratiosih.ll Urn action, Suit or Information, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie on such person against.whom the on tllcdeten" same is brought. ft r ', q,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defendant in Defendant to any such action, Suit or Information, shall intend to infill upon any Lands, Tenements or Heredita fp«ify Lands ments, not contained in such Oath as aforesaid, as his Qualification to act as a Justice of Peace in Part, or in the Whole, at the' Time of the supposed Offence, wherewith he is charged, he shall at or before Written Notice the Time of his Pleading, deliver to the Plaintiff or Informer, or his Attorney, a Notice in Writing, specifying such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (other than those contained in the said Oath) and the Parish, Township, precinc! or Place, or Parishes, Townships, precincis or Places, and the County or Counties wherein the same are respectively situate, lying or being (Offices and Benefices excepted,

which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and usual Names) and if the Plaintiff or Informed in any such action, Suit or Information, shall think fit thereupon not to proceed any further, he may with the Leave of the Court, discontinue such action, Suit or Information, on Payment of such Costs to the Defendant as the Court shall award.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Trial of Lands notmen the Issue in any action, Suit or Information, to be brought as aforesaid, no Lands, Tenements or He tinned in the reditaments, which are not contained in such Oath and Notice as aforesaid, or one of them, shall be al Path or Notice, lowed to be infilled upon by the Defendant, as any Part of his Qualification. not to be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Where the Lands, Tenements, Lands mention or Hereditaments, contained in the said Oath or Notice, are together with other Lands, Tenements, and ed in theoathor Hereditaments, belonging to the Person taking such Oath, or delivering such Notice, liable to any Charges, wkh

Rents or Encumbrances, that within the true Lptcnt anslmeaning, and for the Purposes of this Act, the encumbrances'. Lands; Tenements and Hereditaments, contained in the said Oath or Notice, shall be deemed and taken to be liable and chargeable, only so far as the other lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so jointly charged, are not sufficient to pay, satisfy or discharge the same.

VII. Provided always, That where the Qualification required by this act, or any Part thereof coil case of qualifi i sills of Rent, it shall be sufficient to specify in such Oath or Notice as aforesaid, so much of the Lands, cntion by Rent Tenements or Hereditaments, out of which such Rent is bluing, as shall be of sufficient Value to answeronlp such Rent.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Plaintiff, or Informer, in any such action, Suit or Information, shall discontinue the same, otherwise than aforesaid, '1 or be nonsuit, or Judgement be otherwise given against him, that then and in any of the said Cases, the Perlfln against, whom Inch action shall have been brought, shall recover treble Costs; < ni. Treble cols.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That only one Penalty of only one Penalty one hundred pounds shall be recovered from the same person by virtue of this act, or of an act made in recoverable by the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Qualifications of justices .'his and 5 Geo. of the Peace, for the same, or any other Offence committed by the same Person, before the bringing of 2- C ls the action, Suit or Information, upon which one Penalty of one hundred Pounds shall have been reco

4 I 2 vered,

6i2 C 21. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 174.5.

vered, and due Notice given to the Defendant of the Commencement of such Action, Suit or Information; anything in this or the same Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

No subsequent

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where an Action, Suit or in ain to be for formation shall be brought, and due Notice given thereof as aforesaid, no Proceedings shall be had upon tii/firstsaihoi»0 anyjubsequent Action, Suit or Information against the same Person for any Offence committed before ind Notice. the Pipe of giving such Notice as aforesaid; the Court where such subsequent Action, Suit or Information shall be brought, may upon the defendant's Motion, stay Proceedings upon every such subsequent Action, Suit or Information, so as such first Action, Suit or Information be prosecuted without Fraud, and with Effect, it being hereby declared, That no Action, Suit or Information, which shall not be so prosecuted, shall be deemed or construed to be an Action, Suit or Information, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Limitation of

XI. Provided always, That every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, given by this or the said for actions. mer Act, shall be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months, after the Fact upon which the same is grounded shall have been committed.

Places not with

XII. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed in this Act. to extend, to any City or Town, being a County of itself, or to any other City, Town, cinque port, or Liberty, having Justices of the Peace within their respective Limits and Precincts, by Charter, commission, or otherwise; but that in every such City, Town, Liberty, and Place, such Persons maybe capable to be Justices of the Peace, and in such Manner only, as they might have been if this Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

excepted.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, or in an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification ofjufiices of the Peace, contained, shall extend to any Peer, or Lord of Parliament, or to the Lords or others of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, or to the Justices of either Bench, or to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or to his Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, or to the Justices of Great Sessions for the County Palatine of Chester, and the several Counties of the Principality of I Vales, within their respective Jurisdictions, or to the eldest Son or Heir Apparent of any Peer, or Lord of Parliament, or of any Person qualified to serve as a Knight of a Shire, by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to secure the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying Members to sit in the House of Commons; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

excepted.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act, or in the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to incapacitate or exclude the Officers of the Board of Green Cloth from being Justices of the Peace within the Verge of his Majesty's Palaces, or to incapacitate or exclude the Commissioners and principal Officers of the Navy, or the two Under Secretaries in each of the Offices of Principal Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Chelsea College, from being Justices of the Peace in or for such Counties or Places where they usually have been Justices of the Peace; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.,.

XV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any of the Heads of Colleges or Halls in either of the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or to the Vice Chancellor of either of the said Universities, or to the Mayor of the City of Concerning the Oxford, os of the Town of Cambridge, but that they maybe and act as Justices of the Peace of and Power and Duty n g several Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Cambridge, and the Cities and Towns within the same, e farther 0.1° "execute the Office thereof as fully and freely in all Respects as heretofore they have lawfully used

Geo. 2. c. 44 & to execute the same, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the con 55. 26 Geo. 2. trary notwithstanding. C 14 & 27.

27 Geo. 2. e. j6 ts 20. and I Geo. 3. c. 13. by which tafi this is amended.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

L cto. C 29. ' WHEREAS an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An

for better Regulation of Laflage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the first Day of June one tiioufand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act made in the ele venth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for seven Years, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring: And whereas the said Act hath been found to be a very ufeftil Law, and to tend greatly to the preserving the Navigation of the said River Thames, and thereby to promote and encourage the Trade of this Kingdom; ' Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Clauses, and Provisions therein contained, ihah be and continue.

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii IX C 22. 613

cinue, and the same is and are hereby continued in Force, from the Expiration thereof, for and du Farther ring the further Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then nex Session of Par ammrltdand, X liament. by 31

Geo. 2. r. 16.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, and for granting a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Surplus of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the further enforcing the Payment of the said Duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous not only to raise such Supplies as are necessary to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War with Vigour, but also to use such Ways and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Eftedl of the said Supplies, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds out of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as Sum of Soooo), now are, or hall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Sur to b out plufies, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, (after paying or reserving £u'dl' m lne sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Moneys as have been directed by any former act or acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued, and applied, a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for ^vyear 17"^the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; and the Commissioners of his 1 "ear i74s majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to ifiiie and apply the same accordingly.

II. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, That Soapers Waste is of great Use and Service Duties forsoap» ' for Improvement of Lands, for which Purpose great Quantities thereof would be used, if the same were ers Waste to permitted to be brought into this Kingdom freed and discharged from Payment of the Duties, to which CC e'

the same is now pliable upon Importation For the Encouragement therefore of such Improvements,

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou after June 24, land seven hundred and fortyfive, all the Duties now payable for Soapers Waste, imported into this, 74s kingdom, hall cease and determine; and from thenceforth it shall be lawful to import into this Kingdom Soapers Waste, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, Imposition or other Duty for the same; any Law, Statute, Usage or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his Clause of Loa* majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or 10 fr more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner hereafter mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, and to have and receive for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate not exceeding three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, So as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, cr the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loansshall be wanted fox the public Service; and moreover that no Money so to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be free from Toik, rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money upon Tallies of Loathe Credit of this af as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately to be tw!;, have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lentshall be registered in Course according to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Or Mnnn,: t ofpj7

ders ment>

Kinkhij; Fund liable,

without undue Pieleience.

No See to le taken.

Tenuities,

What shall not see undue Preference.

Method of trails ftrring.

The Sum may be raised by Exchequer Bills.

ders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Moneys; and he, he, or they, who shall have his, her or their Older or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to come in, of or for the said Surpluses, exceltes and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid)) that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the officer himself take or demand.any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another fit all be made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt with full Costs of Suit to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Prfeference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not he interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will ratify precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept lfi Bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall be

due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of re giftry aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so todies quoting and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And to the End there riray be no Want or Failure sofa certain Sum not to exceed in the whole

the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means for the Public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times to prepare and make, or ctuife to be prepared and made at the Exchequer, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, together with Such Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act of Parliament for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act,.

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II.

C 22. 6 r

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, chufti of the

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last tax Act mentioned Act relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (ex, jnr'c L'1'* cept such Clauses as do charge the same on the Aids, Taxes or Assessments granted by the same Act) shall XC "<iu'r be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in purl uance of this Act, as fully and ctf cdui' ^xbi«

ally to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said 'XU1' "X'U) hill mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Proyifocs. had been particularly repeated or rc

enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pur exclv gwr til's fuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attending the same, CL srfcjl lin shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and born by or out of the grow Sins lur.j. ing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ufc or Lies by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the Sinking Fund shall and

may be i(tued and applied, as fall as the same Gan be regularly Hated and ascertained, for and towards th jiaying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of twenty-one thousand two *>=44 »3 f hundred and forty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, now remaining in the ja 3 i Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry

granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty thee, shall and may be Blued as for 1743, to be Part of his Majesty's Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any issued for 1745. Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into Application of the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled, the Supplies; yin Ail for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the by the Land Year cue thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby Tax; granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate andicharges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satished, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Ditties upon Malt, by Duties on Mum, Cyder and Penny, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Malts: C Duties upon Aialt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; so much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Loans, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, bj Duties on and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term offix Years; and for declaring that the Duties on Salt; '

Salt, which arise and are payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same Charges thereon, as the same Duties were liable to by the Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the firs; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and by Contributions by way of a Lottery, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Duties on Wines imported into Great Britain; and for raping a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in ^n7bvxinuitits Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties, and the Sum of twenty-one thousand snj a Loucrw two hundred and forty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, remaining in the by 21, 1441, ' Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, 13s. si. three granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and also the Sunt of Ear hintssur eight hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated and applied, and: 're goo ooool^by^hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed (that is this at aiaotcii, to say) it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be Blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two million two hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred seventy nine Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say) For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance performed and to be performed; and for or towards building an Hospital near Portsmouth, and purchasing Lund on which the lame is to be erected, and the necessary Walling attending the same, for the L ear one thousand seven hundred fortyfive.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies

as aforesaid, there shall and may be Blued and applied any Suni or Sums of Money, not exceedhig fortyfive thousand five Pounds nine Shillings and ten. Pence, for the Freight of Transports, berween the 45, 035l. gs,

£rft.day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty-three and the thirty first Day of December one lmr frlij>r

'- thousand cf Tl, !>fpscts*

616 C 22. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

*3.3+5 ! 7s thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thousand fnr victualitor tree. hundred fortyfive Pounds seven Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, for the Expense of Victuals Land Force. r p>'°vided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty-three and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, xjjooooi. to

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there Greenwich hof ^a|j anj maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, r "' upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of.

the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall

it'3.4351- 6». and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred sixty three thou i, h churgecf fane] four hundred thirty-five Pounds six Shillings and one Penny, for or towards defraying the Charge of for lxuj Service Ordnance for Land Service for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, per'

'and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XVI. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as afore -

1, 578, 4171- 3 s. said, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million tv^nrlr'ca' "st hundred seventy eight thousand four hundred seventeen Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence half rifons^mjrines" penny for defraying the Charge of Guards, Garisons and Marines, and other Services in Great Britain, tec.' Guernsey and Jerjiy, and for defraying the Charge of twenty-eight thousand one hundred and seven effec

mi for 18.107 five Men, Commission and non commission Officers included, for the Service of the War in Flanders, rffeflive Men in and for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and ilinders, C for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, Georgia and Rattan,

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and for or towards defraying the extraordinary Charge of Forrage, Wagon Money, and other Expenses, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service 57., 0651.9s. of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 2(1. Halfpenny fifty_seven thousand nine hundred sixty five Pounds nine Shillings and twopence halfpenny, for the nw^troops* Allowance of eight Weeks Pay to the T roops of Hanover, for their Return, computed from the twenty ". fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, the Time of their Discharge; and si ?or 6000' any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-two thousand ninety four Pounds ten Shillings and Dutch Troops in eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of six thousand Dutch Troops, whilst in Great Britain, in the Great Britain. Years one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and 10, 2401.13. id. the Sum of ten thousand two hundred forty Pounds one Shilling and a Penny, for defraying the Charge for Dutch Troops of the said six thousand Dutch Troops, during the Time of their Continuance in his Majesty's Service m Flanders. in Flanders, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money la not excee<sing thirty seven thousand six hundred and ten Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Far

Pay of sta ffbof ^ing, for the Pay and Forage of the General and Staff Officers, and likewise for the Pay of the Officers fleers in Flanders, of the Hospital serving with his Majesty's Forces in Flanders for the Year one thousand seven hundred 85, 8471.4s. pd.an^ fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty-five thousand eight hundred forty for extraordinary seven Pounds four Shillings and nine Pence, for defraying extraordinary Expense of the Troops in Bri expenses of the tish Pay which served in Flanders incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, not Troopt. provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-three thousand nine

23, 9611.23. hundred sixty one Pounds two Shillings and elevenpence, for defraying the Charge of two Troops of ce'rs'haft gal Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Galleys or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, from liei/tc. for t^le thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-four to the twenty-fourth Day of Georgia. December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty 38, 8391. 18 s. eight thousand eight hundred thirty-nine Pounds eighteen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, for defraying S d. Halfpenny extraordinary Expenses and Services of his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, rxtraordinary and the Plantations, incurred Anno one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, not provided for by par forc^esuil3"d ^'ament' an al?y umor Sums of Money not exceeding twenty six thousand seven hundred seven ogtces'j ty five Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of iod.7forofficersh's majesty's Land Forces and Marines for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, subject half-pay. to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half pay, as is herein after prescribed con 3s64l. for Pen cen ing the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand eight hundred and sixty fions to reduced four Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces giscerswidows.and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one "thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; which said Sum of three thousand eight hundred and sixty four Pounds, shall be issued to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, direct or appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of half-pay Officers, or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists, or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct; appoint,

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Queen of Hungary, and to enable her to augment and increase her Army for the Support of the House of Aujiria, and for carrying

500,000 I. to tnalce good Engagements h the Queen of hv.vjary,

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. 617

rying on the prefern War with vigour'; and any Sum or Slims of Money not exceeding two hundred i, 0>' thousand. Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to K, fs'd" ' Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, to make good nmv jno* his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Poland, as Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty; and any f.lcflo, of s., r. Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-four thousand two hundred ninety-nine Pounds one Sliil ny. 24, 2091. ling" and fourpence, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Cologn, pursuant to 14 '> to u Treaty; arid: any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight thousand six hundred and twenty Pounds, |'17', or'V i to make goodhrs majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mcntz, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum onsuins of Money, 'not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds', on Account, to enable his Majesty to of Mem, make good such other Treaties, as are or shall be made with his Majesty's Allies, and for other Services; of, ooooi. In, of the War, for the Year one thousand" seven hundred and fortyfive. 0!l'cr timiiex

and Strxicck.

cy i

1744-

Sopplics appro

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or 5>°95 s4.

Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or Sums of Money not exceed to 'he smk..g ing five thousand ninety five Pounds eight.shillings aria eight Pence; to replace to the Sinking Fund the [j "iejlor

like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-duties at Christmas'/'+J' one thousand seven hundred and forty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen 13, 957). 191. thousand nine hundred fifty seven Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, to replace to thed' Halfpenny laid Sinking Fund the like Sumpaid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve j.°uaavor'du'"5 Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas one oiawccts/^thousand seven hundred and forty-four.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid', there shall €5»a6SI3,

and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty five thousand two hun Deficiency dred sixty five Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence halfpenny, for making good the Deficiency of cj, |, cmcrit the General Fund for the Year ended at michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and forty f >ur; and Fond, 1744. any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred seventy seven thousand four hundred twenty 177, 42'- lsf one Pounds eighteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants ll' H: |lffei ny for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-four. " Crant'

XX. And be it enacted, That the Paid Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, fiiali not lie issued r supplies applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoefyer; other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, priced, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Aril or Acts, or

any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament. " 1.

XXI. And as to the said Sum of twenty six thousand seven hundred seventy five Pounds fifteen Shil Rules for the lings and ten Pence, by this Act appropriated on Account of half-pay, as aforesaid; is hereby enacted half payt" ° and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in J p y" the Application thereof; that is to say, That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who See 19 Geo. 2. was a Minor, " and under the Age" of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Com f 31* pany in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except

such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot; lately disbanded In' Ireland, except to such as were lately taken oft' the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, ijceo. 2.. C 33; 'intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Coinage Duty, for the Service of the Year one thousand

this session of Parlia

1 Annuity Orders, and the payment of Duties

omitted to be paid for the Indentures' 'or Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices, and to enable the Reversioners of Vcertain Annuities therein mentioned, to receive such Annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain i Time by the Annuitants for. Life, until Proof be made that such Annuitants are living; several Supplies which rl had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty one thou ' f2nd six hundred and ninety five Pounds and twelve Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be ob served in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prdftribed in that Behalf; 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much The Overplus of of the said Sum of thirty-one thousand six hundred and ninety five Pounds "and twelve Shillings, as is or u.ft year'* ihaill be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules by rne said Act r3y. tob'3pfil'1 prescribed to be.observed in the Application thereof, 'or any Part of such Overplus, Until or may be dif 00 fed octo such Officers who are maimed or lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason na Vo 1. VI 4 K of

618 C 22.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

5 Annae, C 9.

9 Annae, C 21,

I

of. their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to, be proj/cr Objects ofr Charity'; or to tha Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant of Warrants, (Under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding. > < r or dnv isr f,

XXIII. And whereas by two several acts of parliament made and passed ra the eighth land ninth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, certain Rates and Duties: toebe under the Ma liagemejit of the Commissioners for the Stamp Duties, were charged.dnd directed itoibe levied, and continued, for or in respect of Moneys given, paid, or contracted for; with' Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, to be paid at such Times, and in such Manner; and milder such Penalties, its in and'; by the said several acts are reipp.ctively mentioned, exp relied and provided; and whereas fcvecal' Persons have, through neglect or Inadvertency, omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties payable in that Behalf, and to

fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Paymentdof: 1 the severalrrates and.duties so f omitted or neglected to'be. paid as aforesaid, on or before the firfb Day of Augiifl one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, the Person or Persons: Ho whom the same ought to be.'paid, pursuant to the said' '; -; and upon tendering to be stamped such indentures or Contrails so omitted to be llampt af the same

frmther.time for Pay mein t of

tureifv ^rct* 2nd fortyfive., ., the Person or Persons nto whom: the same ought to be.'paid, pursuant to the said

ant for (tamping Time, or at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand. hundred and forty ind ncures to five, the same Indentures, or Contrails shall be good and available in Law and equity, and maybe given Sept. 29, 1745. in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; the Clerics, Apprentices, or Servants: therein named, shall be capable of following and exercisih'g theti r respective intended Trades on Employments, as fully as ilthe Q Rates and Duties so omitted, had been duly.paid [within the respective Times, in the said former Acts,

or either of them, limited and appointed; a, nd the Persons who have.incurred any Penalties, by the qmif fions aforesaid, upon Payment of such Rates and Duties as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, are hereby acquitted.and discharged from the said Penalties; anything in the said two former Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Further Penal

XXIV. And for the better enforcing th. Payment: of the Rates and Duties directed to be. levied and tluefawneopesir 8 pad by ac former. Acts; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of in the Year of o, ur Lord, one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive'

'any Master or ^distress. shall neglect. toi pay the said.rates and Duties for Clerks, Apprentices or ser yants, within the respectye Times,: inj an; d by the farmer aclsdimited and appointed in that Behalf, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same, every such Mailer and Miilrefs shall,: for every such forfeit and pay. dpu>bte'the. Rates and Duties Charged and directed to be paid.and levied by the said former Aits, or either of them, (over and above all.penalties, and, Forfeitures thereby inflicted) for.all Moneys which shall at any Time of Times, after the said j twenty-fourth Day of Twit?, one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, be given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in, relation to every such Clerk', Apprentice or Servant; which said, Penalties and Forfeitures, directed to be levied; by. this present Act; shall be paid, by the said, Maftyrs or Mistresses. fefpeitively, and shall be recovered,: paid and applied; iri such; and the same, Manner as any Penalties or Forfeiture infhcled by the said former Acts, or either of them, are thereby directed to be recovered, leyjed, i'paid orlapplied. >. r. tit o

XXV. And it. is hereby further enacted, That if anymailer or Mill refs of any such Clerk, 'Apprentice or Servant respectively, shall neglect to pay the said rates.and Duties, so charged by the said former Aits, or either of them, within the respective Times therein limited in that Behalf, whereby the Penalties or forfeitures incurred by virtue of this Act, will become charged upon, and be payable by them respectively; and any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant respectively, shall, and do in that case.pay, or cause to be paid, the Rates and Duties charged by the said former. Aits;, or either of them; and also the Penalties and Forfeitures infliiled and incurred by this, present. Act, ., at any Time within one Year after the same shall so respectively become charged, incurred, and made payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid (such Mailer or Miilrefs not having then paid, the said Rates, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, although required by such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant so to do); then, and in such Cafr, 'it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, within three Months after such Payment of the said Rates, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively, by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, demand of his or her Mailer or Miilrefs, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money, as was or were paid to such Mailer, or Miilrefs, for or in respect of such 'Clerkship, Apprenticeship or Servitude; and in Case such Sum or Slims of Money shall not be paid within three Months after such Demand thereof made, it. shall and may be lawful to.and for any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, to sue for and recover the same, with full Costs of Suit, against such Mailer or Miilrefs, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eitoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, shall and may immediately after Payment of such Rates, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, be discharged from hi, her or (heir Clerkship, Apprenticeship, and Service respectively; from all actions, Penalties',

Forfeitures and Damages, for, not serving the Time for which he. Hie or they were respectively bound, contracted for,; or agreed to serve such Matter or Miilrefs respectively II

Sjct> clfrks.&c.

XXVI. Provided always, and it ..is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such Clerk, Ap benefit ain cate prentice or Servant, shall avail him or herself, and have such and the same Benefit and Advantage of the ai turmnaovtr Time he or she shall respectively have continued with, and served such Mailer or Miilrefs respectively.

ow to be recovered.

encouragement focjerks, Apprentices. C to pay the Duties rn Indentures, if nor paid by Aiaflers, C

23>24.'

19

A.D. 1.745; Anno decimo octavo Georgii II.

as he or flic could or might have done, in case of any Assignment or turning over to any new or other (, t reen Master or Mistress, r I mi?. >. C riweirj, n!j,

'. t: '. r .!, L -, «. 1' 20 Geo. 2. c. 45.. 72 G n. 2, t, II

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester in the County of Huntingdon, through Pen Stanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath in the county of Cambridge. PR. vl I k 'r., ||'1 - U r, 1

Tolls granted for 21 Years. o >'1

CAP. XXIV.

An act for effectually preventing the Exportation of Foreign Linens, tinder the Denomination F" formr P. of 'British or Irish Linens.

'. '1' d jr, '>, .8 tt. 8. f. 4.

I ftc. C la..' 7 ct W. j. c. 39. i Ann. Jl: c. 8. 3 vf/w. r. 8. 7 jinnee. 7. 10 /tfun. c.'igjet 21. 12 yin. ft. 2. e, 9, 19 (s? 21. 1 Geo. 1.

tv 36. "31 Geo. 1. e, j 21. .15 Geo. 2. c. 29, 17 Cres, r. 30.., '

r.

WHEREAS by Reason of the Bounty or Allowances granted on the Exportation of British an Irish Linens, evil minded Persons may fraudulently endeavour to export Linens of foreign Ka 4 brick and manufiacture, and to receive the said Bounties or Allowances for the same, as if the same were of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas certain Stamps are required by Law, to be put.upon Linens, ^made' in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in Ireland, which may have been put on'.foreign Lipeiis, in order to wend them as Linens of the Manufacture of that Part of Great «. 70, P.

Britain, called Septland, pr of Ireland; '. For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by dnd with the Advice andocoijfent of the lordsjspiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority; of the same, That from and after the twenty Stamp Madera to ninth Day of September one thousand feverr hundred and fortyfive, no Stamp Matter or Lapper in Scotland an o, th.tot dr; Ireland, shall fanylway mark, stamp, or seal any Linens whatsoever, until such Stamp Matter or Lap nov^hslrof per. shall havp taken an Oath, for the true and faithful Execution of his Office, before one or more Jui fice, ftictior justices of the Peace: in Scotland, and Ireland_refpc£$vg]y (which.oat(i the said Justice or Justices, t

is and are Hereby authorised and Required. to administerji nor until after the qvvner.pr Manufacturer of L iens to be

and

5.1

do fired to; be; marked or tta.niped, and eycry Part thereof, is and are really and truly of the Manufacture of Ireland. Scotland ox Ireldndi and of no othejfplacc.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Bounty shall be paid or allowed on Conditions of the Exportation of any B itifo or Irish Linens, but on fujih only, at both Ends of every Piece whereof the Pay" 8 a Bounty name and Place of Abode; oft the Manufacturer pr Maker thereof, together with the Year of our Lord, X

wherein the said Piece was manufacturedt, or made sand also a number, dep°ring the Order in which such p'pieee was.so rnanilfactured ormade in stich Year, beginning with: N I. and proceedingprpgressively, according to the Numbef of Pieces made by fuel? Manufacturer or Maker in each Year and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Exporter or Seller thereof for Exportation, shall be severally marked or stamped in plain, distinct, and legible Letters, Figures, and Words at Length; and unless at the Ends of every Piece of such Linen, there shall be marked or stamped in plain, distinct, 'and legible Letters, Words, and Figures, the Month and Year when, and the Name of the Port at which such Linens shall be entered for Exportation, claiming the Bounty; and unless' (except in the Instance herein after mentioned) the Ends of eyefy, such Piece of Lfnen, near which such Marks or Stamps shall be made, shall be whole and entire', 'as the same wet&whrn' 1v was cut or taken out of the Loom; any Law or Statute to the contrary

every pieces cur for Bleaching shall be cut in Presence of a Stamp Mailer:

t'ne Loom into two or more Pieces, for the Purpose of bleaching or whitening the same, whereby 011c ' or more of such Pieces may not have the maker's or manufacturer's Name made or let thereon, as is herein-before directed ft. For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by: the Authority aforesaid, That every.

Piece of cloth intended to be cut for the Purpose of bleaching or whitening, shall be so cut in the Pre 'b fetice of the Stamp Matter of the Place next adjoining to the Place of Abode of the Owner of such Cloth, j and each Piece cut oft', not having the manufacturer's or maker's Name and Place of Abode if&mped thereon, shall be stamped with the Name and Place of Abode of the said Stamp Matter, and with the n.triie and Place of Abode of the Manufacturer and Maker thereof, together with the Year of our Lord wherein' the same wasto bleached or whitened, which the Stamp Matter is hereby impowered and directed to ttamp thereon; and no Bounty shall be paid or allowed ori Exportation of any such cut Piece of Cloth that shall; 'not have the said Stamps thereon: And if any Perfoiv or Persons shall, from and after the no Bounty >virh twenty^fourth Day of June one thousand seven hulldred'ah.d fortyfive, stamp' or mark any linens, or cattle out inch Stamps: orjirbcufeiaiiy Liifens to be stamped or marked, contrary to all or any of the Directions of this Act, or shall ir)arfc: or'ft^tfipv Cause or procure the same to be marked or stamped, with a Mark or Stamp, cxprdling Penaltr on the Name' or Place of Abode of any Person or Persons, other than that of the real and true Manufacturer tamrs' crm aker thereof or expreiinig ail untrue Description of the real and true manufacturer's or maker's Place

Sump

1. for each i'; cce*

620 C 25. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745'.

of Abode, or of the Year of our Lord in "which such Linen was manufactured, for of the Order in which the same was manufactured or made, or shall wilfully mark or seton any such Linens any false or coun on taking out terfeit Stamp, in Imitation of the Mark or stamp used by any Manufacturer or Maker of British or irij!) tis j Linens, or shall wilfuly or maliciously cut off, obliterate, wash, take out, or destroy, or cause or procure

to be cut oft, obliterated, yvalhed, or taken out, or destroyed, 'ahy Stanip ormark marked or stamped on Linen, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every Piece of Linen so stamped as aforesaid, to be sued for and recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, the Court of Session, Court of Justiciaxy, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties shall be to the Use of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue or prosecute for the same.

Penalty of

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall make or affix, or (bmping foreign cause to procure to be made or affixed, on any Linens of foreign Manufacture or Fabric, imported into or "hi ft*'Great Britain of Ireland., any of the Marks or Stamps required by Law to be put on Linens of the Manufacture

of Scotland or Ireland, or shall make or affix, or cause or procure to be made or affixed, on any such foreign Linens, any of the Marks or Stamps hereby required to be marked or stamped upon Linens of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or shall make or affix, or cause or procure to be made or affixed, on any such foreign Linens, any Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps, in Imitation of any of the said Marks or Stamps hereby, 'or by any other Law or Laws now in Force, required to be marked or Ti Hand in the stamped on British or Irish Linens; such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall Stand on' vijlory and be the Pillory during the Space of one Hour in the Forenoon, and also be punished by Fine not exceeding fir.td 50l. orim fifty Pounds, or by Imprisoment for any Time not exceeding twelve Months; at the discretion of the Wombs Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted:: if any Person shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, sell or expose to Sale, or pack up for Sale, or Penalty on CX enter for Exportation, any foreign Linens marked or stamped with all or any of the Marks or Stamps porting foreign hereby, or by any other Law now in Force, required to be marked or stamped upon Linens of the Ma -- as British irish nu filature oi Great Britain or Ireland, knowing such Linen to be foreign every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall forfeit the said Linens, and the Sum of five Pounds for each Piece thereof to forfeit the LI f0 sold, exposed to Sale, or packed up for Sale, or entered for Exportation as aforesaid, to be sued for piece ant recovered by Bill, Plaint oi Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of record at Westminster, per lece, the Court of Session, Court of justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, orin any of his Majesty's In cafcofaqne Courts of Record in Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoin, Privilege; 'wager of Law, or more than one ftmn, whether imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moifcty of the said Penalties shall beto the use of the King's ma teign" the Onus 5 his Heirs and successors; and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as will fueor prosecute probanji to lie for the same: And incase it shall be made a Question, Whether such Linens art of the Manufacture or on thedefcn Fabric of Great Britain or' Ireland, or of any foreign Country; in such case the Onus probandi thereof Sant. shall lie upon the Claiiner of such Linen, or the Defendant in such action or Suit.

of V. Provided always, antj it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend to vary or

damping not to "alter the Method of staniping of linens of the Manufacture of Ireland or Scotland, by virtue of any Law be altered. or Laws now in Force relating thereto; but that, 'besides the Marks or Stamps herein before mentioned, sit/anker con all such Linens shall be marked and stamped in the same Marnier as the same ought to h'avebeen if this cernmglinns, act had not been made.

Chap. 23, 27,

36. jitfo 21 Geo. 2. c. 16. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46. 19 Gm, 2. C 15. 32 Geo. 2. r. 32.

ft

CAP. XXV.

See 20 Geo. '2. C 36.

Further Bounty t>f a Halfpennv per Yard for LI i»cns of Value from 5d. to xad, fur Yard; and id. Halfpenny per Yard from t 5. to is. 6 d. so be exported from June 24. 1745, March5> 17 50/&c.

An Act for allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens.

WHEREAS the Manufactures of Linens, made in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, are of late Years greatly improved and increased, whereby the Price of Linens, as well of so leign as of Home Fabric, hath been considerably reduced; and there is Reason to believe, that the said manufactures of Linen would begreatly improved, and the Exportation thereof to foreign Parts confi -- derably increased, if an additional Bounty were allowed on all British and Irish Linens exported, as is herein after mentionedtherefore may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and te r.poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, there shall be allowed, over and above the Bounty or Allowance already given, a further Bounty of one Halfpenny for every Yard of British or Irish Linens made of Hemp or Flax, of the Value of five Pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of twelve Pence per Yard; and a Bounty of three Halfpennies. for every Yard of such British and Irish Linens, of above the Value of twelve Pence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of one Shilling and sixpence per Yard, which between the said twentyffourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and the twenty-fifth Day of March which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Portugal, Gibraltar, or the Island of Minorca, or which shall be exported to Spain, from and after the Time that it shall be law.

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II.

C 25. 621

full to export such Linens to that Kingdom; the same to be given and paid out of the Money that hath arisen or shall arise, by an Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, 15* tficto. a.intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Foreign Cambncks imported into Great Bri '*!> and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens expot ted.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That British or Irish Linens of the rei Jncnj exfor ei spe<stive Values mentioned in the said Act of the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's to Gibolur or Reign, which shall be exported out of Great Britain to Gibraltar, or the Island of Minorca shall be inti r'.llru'r 1yn". tied to the Bounties and Allowance thereby given on thcexportation of the like Species of Linens to

Africa, America, Portugal or Spain respectively.

III. Provided always, That the Exporter or Seller for Exportation of such British and Irish LI liens, prov; r, shall, in his Entry thereof, express the Quantity and Value, and likewise endorse, on thecocquct granted

upon such Entry, the true Quantity and Value of the said Linens intended to be shipt; and moreover Conditions efre shall, before he receives any such Bounty, produce a Certificate from the Southeast alter or other proper otfi cer appointed to see the same shipped, verifying the shipping thereof; and shall likewise give sufficient Southeast boun[y curity to the Collector or Customer of the Port, in the Penalty of double the Value of the Goods intended to be exported, and one hundred Pounds; which Security they are hereby impowered to take in the Name, ., and to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, that such Linen so shipped, or intended to be, shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Ifeof Man, and Dial) also, before he receives any such Bounty, make Oath, or being a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the proper Officers of the Customs have hereby Power to administer) of the rel peftive Values of such Linens upon which the said Bounties respectively are granted, and that the same were made in Great Britain or Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Linen of the Mano Jnth Linen nufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Britain, shall be entitled to the Bounty; but such as intitkd, milch shall be, at the Time of such Exporation, the Property of a Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, pr0p'"y

or in some of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, of which the Exporter or Seller for Ex grca^britaio or portation of such Irish Linen is hereby required to make Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, a America solemn Affirmation) which Oath or Affirmation the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs have hereby Power to administer,

Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, No flriptd, che

to give any Bounty; on any Linens that are striped or chequered, or made into Buckrams or Till uc^nttticdl' letings., ., in 1 C

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That no' Linens shall be entitled to any of the boun nor left than 16 ties given by this or the said former Act, which shall not be of the Breadth of twenty six Inches, or inches brrad. upwards.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Species of Irish Linen made of Flax and species of Lift, Hemp, whereof the Piece or Bolt contains thirty-eight Yards in Length, and twenty-four Inches in ^ulje1jln<: nsex' Breadth, and Clothes of different Lengths and Breadths in Proportion, from Number one to Number ten C u L inclusive, which shall weigh fifteen Pounds Weight or upwards, to forty Pounds Weight, as the same is

described in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty An Act for the ^Geo. 2. c. 3; ., further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth; and for the more effectualfecuring the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this' jgngdom; shall not be intitled to any Bounty or,

Reward by virtue or in consequence of this Act; anything in this or any former Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. ', r

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any British or Irish Linens, Linens rehnded; for which the Bounty shall have been given or claimed, shall be relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, orr to be forfeveii, ihe Isle of Man, the same shall be forfeited, and every Person concerned In bringing back or relanding the per same, shall forfeit twelve Pence for every Yard so brought back or relanded. r,: r o ar '

IX. And to prevent Linens exceeding the, Value of eighteen Pence per Yard, being exported for the Means to pre sake of the Bounty, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector and Comptrol vent Linens ler, or other proper Officers of the Customs, may open, view, and examine any.or all such Linens, as b 'ingw' shall be entered at the Value of eighteen Pence per Yard, or under, and compare the same with the Va ported, see.

lue and Price thereof, sworn to, or affirmed in the Entry and Endorsement on the Cocquet; and if, upon such View and Examination it shall appear, that all or any Pieces of such Linen are of greater Value than eighteen Pence per Yard, then and in such Case, the Exporter or Seller of such Goods for Exportation shall, on Demand mademn writing.'by the custonjer or Collector, and Comptroller of) the port; where such Goods and Merchandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be delivered, so many Pieces of such Linen as shall be demanded by the said Officer, ! into his majesty's warehouse at the Port of Exportation,; - 1

for the Use and Benefit of the Crown; and upon such Delivery, the Customer or Collector of such Port, with the Privity of the Comptroller, shall out of any Money in the Hands of such Customer or Collector, arising by Customs or other Duties belonging to the Crown, pay to such Exporter, or Seller, for expor 19d per Ydi tation, the Value of nineteen Pence per Yard, taking a Receipt for the same from such Exporter or Seller to be paid II t for Exportation, in full Satisfaction fori the said Goods, as if they had been regularly sold; dnd the rqr ^xp°(ter frr spective Commissioners of the Customs shall cause, the said Goods to be fairly and publicly sold lor the' -- "bell Advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the Money' so paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be re. paid to such Customer or Collector, with the Privity of the Comptoller, to be replaced to such Funds from whence the same was borrowed, and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Sinking Fund, by the Title of The additional Duty on Cambncks: And in case the Ex \ ...' po^er

622 C 25.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II.

A. d.1745.

entered under a wrong Denominating ior cited.

To prevent Kmims in obtaining Bounties.

r

Linens ipfufai porter or Seller for Exportation of such Linens shall, on Demand made in Writing by the Customer or at that i'rice, Collector, and Comptroller of the Port where such Linens are entered for Exportation, refuse to deliver or cause to be delivered, all or any of such Linens, into his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of Exportation for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, and to receive from the said Officers of the Cuiloms at the said: or lei -- m Qnan ort? the Value of nineteen Pence per Yard for such Linens, in full Satisfaction for the same; or if such ray Uvrn crime, jyjnc, ns shall be Id's in Quantity, than shall be expressed in the said Endorsement on the said Entry or coc quet, or if the same shall be entered and endorsed under a wrong Denomination, then and hi every such Case all such Linens which shall be so refused to be delivered, or which shall appear to be less in Quantity than exprefi ed in such Endorsement, or entered or endorsed under a wrong Denomination, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

X. And in order to prevent Abuses, by exporting Linens which shall be under the Value of five Pence per Yard, when the Exporter or Seller shall, in his Entry and Endorsement on his Cocquet, express, that the Value thereof is five Pence, or upwards /irryard, in order fraudulently to obtain a Bounty of one Penny, instead of a Halfpenny per Yard, or under the Value of sixpence per Yard, when the Exporter or Seller for Exportation shall express the Value thereof to be sixpence, or upwards per Yard, in order officer may exa fraudulently to obtain a Bounty of three Halfpence, instead of one Penny per Yard; Be it further enacted m northeast Linens, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Searcher or other proper Officer, after the Entry of any of the said Goods', and before or after the shipping thereof, to open and ftritly examine, any Bale, Truss, Chest or other Package, to see if the Goods are right entered and endorsed on the Cocquet; and if on such Examination, the same shall be found to be right entered and endorsed, the Searcher shall, at his own Charge, cause the same to be repacked; which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commissioners of the Customs, if they think it reasonable; in case the !« N Officer shall, on Examination, find such Goods to be less in Quantity than shall be exprefi ed in th in if lets in Quanti dorfement in the exporter's or seller's Entry or Cocquet, or shall find any Pait thereof to be under the' for under the Value expressed in the Endorsement on such Entry or Cocquet, or that the Goods shall lie entered and in -- a wrong°deno er un^ei' a wrong Denomination, or that the same are not of the manufacturee of Great Britain or'

mination, to be Ireland, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded, all the Goods contained in alb and every the fortcited. Package or Packages endorsed on the said Entry or Cocquet, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the same shall be forfeited and lost, and the O vner or Merchant shall lose the benefit of receiving the Bounty for such Goods.*

Provision made, '

XL. And whereas in many Ports of the kingdom of Great Britain', from which british or Irish LI'.

fjr u t^ficlcncy nens may be exported, there may not be so much collected and received by the additional Duty cn' cimbru ks at j Cumbri tks, granted by the said Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's certain Ports; ' Reign, 'as maybe sufficient to pay the Bouhtyallowed Ey this and the said former acp, whereby the" '.exporters, or Sellers for Exportation, at such Ports, cannot have the Benefit of the said Bounty; 'For, 1, 1.1. Remedy thereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any, of the Collectors of the customs

u in any of the out ports in South Britain, or of any Port in 'North Britain, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the said additional Duty, to satisfy and pay Rich Bounfy which shall be due. to any Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, of British 'or Irish Linnens. as aforesaid, 'that then such Col ccucftnr to give lector of any of any of the said out ports in South Britain, shall (if required) give to the Person inti' a Certificate; tied to fucj, Bounty, a Certificate, without Fee or.reward, under his Hand, attested by the Comptroller, Defiiienc 'to the wats due to such Person for such British orfrish Linen so exported, from any such, Port in South Cooimiffioiursof Britain, certifying to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, that he hath not Money m Cultures at Lon his Hands, arising from the duties granted by the said Act, sufficient to pay ftie same; 'and such colletor dm of'eiin --'of any Port in North Britain, shall likewise (if required) give to the Person demanding such Sum or Sums burgh; of Money, lawfully authorised, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate under his Hand, to the co mmiiv

Toners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, of what is due to such Person for the Bounty of the British Linnens exported from any such Port in North Britain ', and upon producing such certificate and jt vn i' i the Debenture, of the Linnens exported; to the Commissioners, there, they" are hereby required, hr case there be any Money in the Hands of the receiver-general, or Cashier of the customs there, arising by the Duties granted by the said Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the Person producing such Certificate and Debenture, being authorised as aforesaid, the sum or sums of Money so certified; and if theybave not sufficient to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, they shall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, give such Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, a Certificate, 'certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customsat London; which respectivercertificaces beinguffixcd.to the Debentures; for the Bouh" ty of the said Linnens so exported, and being produced to the Paid of his Majesty's Cuff toms at London, they the said Commissioners are Hereby authorised and required on Demand, by the per to be paid out of foh authorised as aforesaid, that shall bring the lame, 'to dauve the Moneys thereby due, to be paid by the the Duties gmn ^eceiver General, or Cashier of the Customs, without fee'or'revv ard, out of such Moneys as shall be C e' nh's Hands, arising out of the Dufies granted by the said: 'the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of

', rt kin a/tnwiaul ni/vti fnv t kn D n T a V tkn fl, D —. n J

his majesty's Reign, for the Payment of the said Bounty; and in case such Receiver or Cashier shall not have' money in his Hands sufficient for paying the Whole of such Sum or Sums of Money so certified as aforesaid is hereby authorised and required to pay the same, so far as the Money in his Hands will then go, and the Remainder, from time to time, as the Money arising by the Duties granted by virtue of the said Act, shall be by him received; and he is also hereby required to observe a due Course of.paying such Debentures,; in the Order of Time which they shall be produced or presented to the Commissioners'

Debentures to be of the Customs cause such Debentures, to be

numbered.

tented to them, or to, the Officer or

ffi Debentures, to be numbered progressivply, 'as they Officers appointed by them to receive the same. '4 -

shall be pre

A.D.

l7 45'

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II.

C 26. 623

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds taken or to be taken, p-'"1'15 dc and all Debentures made or to be made pursuant to this Act, shall not be chargeable with any of the Du l'"nturr'«ties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any Law or Statute made or to be made to the contrary st.^vlm ei notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make any i'cnol'y Mfc Oath or Affirmation by this Act directed to be made, and shall thereof be legally convicted in any of his Oath io. and Majesty's , Courts of Record in Great Britain, such Person so guilty shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred 1 Pounds, and be imprisoned for twelve Months.'

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures pcmuin how 10 in this Act mentioned shall and maybe prosecuted and, determined by Bill, Plaint or Information, in b. c. determined, any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland reflectively, wherein no Eft'oin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the King's Majesty, and the other moiety to such Person or Persons as will sue for or prosecute the same; and in case in any such Suit, it shall be made a Question, whether any such Lumens are of the Manufacture or Fabiick of Onus i'rnhaoill Great Britain or Ireland, or of any foreign Country, in such Case the Onus Probandi thereof shall lie on tllc Eerier, upon the Exporter or Seller thereof for Exportation.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced again! any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special General lflur. Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, alter the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Trblr Costs. Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants have in other Cases by Law., fe ihif

Cap. xxvr.

An A till for repealing the present Inland Duty of four Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea sold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of; Excise; for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another.

)h Chjfttr.

Or'

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his i'oceou. c. 10. late Majesty King George the First of glorious Memory (entitled. An Act for repealing certain

and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell late Earl of Camvvath) an Inland Duty, after the Rate of four Shillings per Pound Weight Averdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lester Quantity,

was imposed and charged upon all 'Pea to be sold in Great Britain, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, over and above all Customs, Subsidies an.l

Duties, which should then remain payable to his Majesty for the same, upon Importation thereof, to be paid in Manner as in the said Act is difedled; And whereas great Frauds and.abuses have been committed by the clandestine Importation of Tea from Parts beyond the Seas, as also by fraudulent reland ing thereof (after the same hath been exported from this Kingdom to foreign Parts, and the Duties thereupon drawn back) without paying any Duties for such Tea, contrary to the true Intent and Mean?

ing of the Lveral Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties, and to the manifest Prejudice of the

fair Traders in the said Commodity For Remedy whereof, and for the greater Discouragement of the pernicious and illegal Practises of unlawfully imposing and clandestinely running and landing of L ea, and also for the more effectual securing to your Majesty a Revenue to arise by the Duties thereupon; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Duty of j. twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, the Inland Duty of four Shillings Pcl ll' 0, 1 per Pound upon Tea, grant d by the before recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late by 10 Majesty King geop.ge the First, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; anything

in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, in lieu of the said Duty by this Act repealed as aforesaid, the Inland Duties herein after mentioned shall be and are by this Aci charged upon all Tea, T s pc r (k «"<5 which shall from thenceforth be sold in Great Britain, in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say) 1l"r!c«

one Shilling per Pound Weight Averdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, and au Tea

also a further Duty of twenty-five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the gross Price at which such by the Euti in —

- cwuyaij;

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Commissioners appointed in pursuance of jogco. 1. C 10.

Act; with like Towers, C

Duties appropriated to the same Uses as

Tea shall be sold at the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the ea/l Indies, and proportionally for a greater or lester Sum, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and when to lc paid. Duties payable to his Majesty for the same upon the.importation thereof; which said several Duties of one Shilling per Pound Weight, and twenty-five Pounds per Centum, shall be paid down in ready Mo -- ncy by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tea, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by

him, her or them, to the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duties, before such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, shall receive or take out, for any Purpose whatsoever, such Tea from the Warehouse or Warehouses, wherein the same is appointed to be lodged by the before recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, according to the Directions of the said act concerning Ten taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses.

III. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, levying, raising, paying, and securing the several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners, or Persons as now are appointed, or hereafter shall be appointed, in pursuance of the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his late

be Commit Majesty King George the First, shall be his Majesty's Commissioners for the Receipt and Management turners for the', of the said Inland Duties by this Act charged and imposed upon Tea as aforesaid, and that all and every Duties by this the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things (not otherwise altered by this Act) which in and by the said recited Act are provided, settled, or established, for raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the said Duty of four Shillings per Pound Weight upon Tea thereby granted, or by any other Act concerning the Duty upon Tea, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act; anything in this or any former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the

iamc ui s as twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand hundred and fortyfive, all Moneys arising by the

ihtlsacryb., Inland Duties by this Act charged and imposed, shall be appropriated, issued and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated and made payable to the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, a; the Duty of i four Shillings per Pound upon Tea was appropriated and made applicable, by the said Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and shall be also.subject and liable to the same Redemption by Parliament, as the said Duty of four Shillings per Pound was by the said Act subject and liable unto.

V. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament now in Force, several Drawbacks or Allowances are

No Drawback for directed to be paid upon the Exportation of Tea, which have tempted many Exporters thereof to com

rea edited, C mjt great Frauds and Abuses, to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and the fair Traders; 'Foe

Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback whatsoever shall be al

or paid for any Tea which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported at any Time or Times after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and that no Debenture

or Certificate shall be granted or made forth, for or in order to the Repayment or drawing back of the Duties upon any such Tea so exported, or shipped to be exported, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, but such Drawback or Repayment shall from thenceforth cease, determine, and be no longer paid; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

means to prevent

VI. And for the preventing any Disputes that may arise touching the Price at which Teas shall be Disputes touch foi at. the public Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, Be the Prlcc jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners who are or shall be appointed for the Management of the said Inland Duties, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall have Officers to at Power to constitute, under their Hands and Seals, such and so many Officers as they shall find needful Tea 'an/re^ori ^01 attenc ns the said public Sales, and take an Account of the Names of the several Buyers, and Price the price cnp°r at which each and every Lot of Tea shall be sold, and shall thereof make Returns or Reports in Wri onh; ting? upon Oath, to the said Commissioners; and from such Reports or Returns the Charge of the said

of twenty-five Pounds per Centum upon the gross Price of Tea imposed by this Act shall be settled and ascertained; And for the preventing Mistakes, and better regulating such Charge, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers, at any Time or Times, upon Request made to the Court of Di

rniy inspect the rectors of the said Company, to ihspect all and every such Book or Books as shall be appointed and kept for taking an Account, in Behalf of the said Company, of the particular Price and Prices that Tea shall from time to time be sold for at their several public Sales; which Book or Books the said Court of Directors is hereby required, from time to time, to produce to such Officer or Officers so demanding the same,

VII. And whereas many Persons do frequently, at Sales for Tea, by the said United Company, bid for, and are declared bell: Bidders, for large Quantities of Tea, without intending or being able to pay for the same, unless such Tea should after inch Sales rise in Price, by Means whereof, the Prices

company's Bocks

sijdef to .* of Tea are frequently raised, and the Running of Tea will be still encouraged; 'For Remedy whereof, t 40s. for Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall at any public Sale of Tea, made " 1 and' by the said United Company, be declared ..to be the best Bidder or Bidders for any Lot or Lots of Tea, "ree shall within three Days after being so declared the best Bidder or Bidders for the same, deposit with the

Kelt 6 dcp.ofit every Tub

in three

Pays;

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 26. 625

said United Company, or such Clerk or Officer as the said Company shall appoint to receive the same,

forty Shillings for every Tub, and for every Chef!: of Tea; and in case any such Person or Persons shall

refuse or neglect to make such Deposit within the Time before limited, he, she or they shall forfeit and or (otic t sir

lofc six Times the Value of such Deposit, directed to be made as aforesaid, to be recovered by Action

+of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protectioru or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

such Personas shall sue or prosecute for the same; and the Sale of all Teas, for which fuel) Deposit shall be neglected to be made as aforesaid, is hereby declared to be null and void; and all such Teas shall be The Ten to I

again put up by the said United Company to public Sale, within fourteen Days after the End of the p, lt in

Sale of Teas, at which such Teas were sold; and all and every Buyer or Buyers, who shall have no4 dig

glefted to make such Deposit as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby rendered incapable of bidding

for, or buying any Teas at any future public Sale of the said United Company.

VIII. And whereas the several Dealers in Tea, and other Traders, subject to the Survey of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, are required by the Laws concerning the Duties of Ex ' cifes and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners, to make true and particular Entries of Shops, Warehouses, Rooms, Places and Utensils, by them made use of for carrying on tluir, respective Trades; and whereas many Persons, in order to avoid such Penalties as they may incur by Offences committed against the said Laws, have of late frequently made, or procured to be made, such Entries in fidfitious Names, or in the Names of mean and obscure Persons, of little or no Ability or Substance, and who have little or no Interest or Property in the Stock of such Trades; and whereas \ many inch Traders, being the real Proprietors and Owners of such Shops, and other Places, and who generally attend in such Shops, and carry on their respective Trades there, pretend to be only Servants

or Managers to such fictitious or obscure Persons, and do refuse to discover the Places of Residence of such Persons, in whose Names such Entries have been made; whereby great Frauds pass unpunished

For Remedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Mean; to twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, any Entry now made, or here vent Fraudi by after to be made, of any Shop, Warehouse, Room, Place or Utensil, to be made use of for carrying on fiai<iousnainc!' any the Trade or Trades aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken to be a legal Entry, unless the same be made in the Name of the true and real Owner or Owners of, and Trader and Traders in such Shop or Place; and that the Person or Persons who shall act as visible Owner, Occupier or Proprietor, Owners, Person ailing Occupiers or Proprietors of any such Shop or Place whatsoever, or principal Manager or Managers in the carrying on such Trade there, shall be deemed and taken to be the real Owner and Trader, Owners rearown'r. and Traders, and shall be subject and liable, as such, to all Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures, imnofed by any Acts relating to the Duties of Excise, or any other Duty under the Management of the said Commissioners for or by reason of any Stock, Goods or Commodities made, kept, or found there, or for not making true and particular Entries of such Shops, Places, or Utensils, according to Law, or for any other Offences committed, or that shall be committed by the Owners, Traders, Dealers in, or Makers of any such Goods or Commodities of, at or in such Shops or Places; and that all Stock, Goods, goods.&c. found Commodities and Utensils, which shall be found in or upon such Shops or Places, shall be subject to, in Maces of and charged with all such Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures. Trade, subject,

IX. And whereas several Quantities of Tea, which have already been, or may be sold at the public Sales by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, may happen to be and remain on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, in some one or more of the Warehouses, appointed in pursuance of the said Acts of the tenth Year of the xocco. i. C to, ' Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First; It is therefore provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Teas which have been sold, or shall be sold before the said Teas sold, and twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and which nevertheless shall re remaining in the main and be found in such Warehouse or Warehouses on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thou y^ehouses, sand seven hundred and fortyfive, shall be liable to, and be charged with the aforesaid Duties of one 13 e shilling per Pound Weight, and twenty-five Pounds per Centum upon the gross Price of all Teas taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses; for ascertaining and adjusting the said Duty of twenty-five Means of ascer pounds per Centum on the gross Price, the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to taining the Duty the East Indies, shall and are hereby required to lay before the said Commissioners for the said Inland °rss1 percent. Duties by this Act granted, a List of the Names of the Persons to whom the Teas, remaining in any such Warehouse or Warehouses on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, were sold, together with the Prices at which the same were sold at the said company's public Sale; and the said United Company are hereby also required to permit the Officer or Officers for the Duties by this Act granted, who shall be appointed to attend the public Sales of the said United Company as aforesaid, upon Request to the Court of Directors of the said Company, to inspect all and every their Book and Books, containing the Names of the several Persons, to whom any Tea remaining in any such Warehouse on the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, were sold, and the particular Price or Prices at which the same were sold; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas it may happen, that the Tea imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, may not always be sufficient to answer the Consumption thereof in Great Britain, and to keep the Price of Tea in this Kingdom upon an Equality with the Price there of in other the neighbouring Countries of Europe, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

vok.'vl. 4 L'That

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II.

A.D.

*745-

te.i irom any i'4rt' of Europe, object io the Duties,

talon? a i.ircnre itflm the tiea fu#y.

Company neglecting to supply the Market

Tea imported from any Parts of Etitope, shall pay the subsidjes, C

an be put into Warehouses.

East India Com That in every stich Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company of Merchants of eng kny. mc! 'mt'on land trading to the East Indies, and their successors, to import into Great Britain, in British Ships navigated according to Law, such Quantities of Tea as they shall think necessary from any Parts of Europe, subject to the several Duties payable for Tea consumed in Great Britain., and also to the same Rules, Methods and Directions, as are prescribed and given with respect to Tea imported say them from the East Indies, so as Notice be sir ft given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High treasurer for the Time being, of the Quantity of Tea so intended to be imported, with the Name of the Ship and Mailer, or Commander, in which the same is to be laden, and taking a Licence under the Hands of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High treasurer for the Time being, for the Lading and Importing thereof as aforesaid, which Licences they are hereby authorised and impowered to grant to the said Company without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall at any Time neglect to keep this Market supplied with a sufficient Quantity of Tea, at reasonable Prices, to answer the Consumption thereof in Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury,

Licences may be or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for the Time being, to grant Licences to any granted to others, other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to import Tea into Great Britain, from any Parts of Europe, in such and the like Manner, and subject to such Duties, and under such rsftric tions and Limitations, and uj on such Notices, and with such Licences, as are herein before prescribed and directed, with respect to Tea to be imported from any Parts of Europe, by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, all Tea imported into Great Britain, from any Parts of Europe, by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate (to be licensed as aforesaid) shall be entered at the customhouse, and shall pay or secure the several Subsidies and additional impositions, now chargeable upon all Tea imported by the said Company from the East Indies, and all Tea so to be imported by the said United Company, from any Parts of Europe as aforesaid, shall be forthwith' carried and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, as are now made use of by the said United Company, for the receiving Tea imported by them from the East Indies, or such others as they shall provide for that Purpose, to be approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or the major Part of them for the Time being, and shall not be taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, until such Tea shall be sold at the public Sales of the said United Company, and the several Duties charged thereupon by this acst shall be paid; and all Tea imported from any Parts of Europe, by any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate (to be licensed as aforesaid) shall also be forthwith carried or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, as shall be provided for that Purpose, at the Charge of the respective Importer or Importers of such Tea, to be also approved by the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or the major Part of them for the Time being, and shall not be taken out thence upon any Account

Six Days Notice whatsoever, until the same shall be publicly sold by such Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corot sales of Tea porate (of which Sale or Sales, six Days Notice shall he given in the London Gazette); and the Inland du t he Lon do o' C a tes c'1arsec^ thereupon by this Act shall be paid as aforesaid; anything in this or any former Act to the 2etle> contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas by the Laws now in Force concerning the Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called England, all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within the immediate Limits of the chief Office in London, ' are to be heard, adjudged and determined by the chief Commissioners and Governors of Excise; ' all such Forfeitures and Offences made and committed within all or any other the Counties, Cities, ' Towns or Places in England, are to be heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the

Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeitures shall be made or Offence committed: And whereas many Persons chargeable with Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Hid Commissioners, or incurring Penalties by Offences against the said Laws, do frequently avoid Pro

for the same, by removing out of the Jurisdiction wherein such Duties were charged or Of' ' fences committed, to the great Prejudice of the Revenue, and Discouragement of the fairtraders for

ottcnees maybe p.emedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty prufceuted out of fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, it shall and may be lawful for the said the Joii j iom Commissioners and Justices respectively, within whose Jurisdiction any Person charged with any of the said Duties, or who shall have committed any offence against the said Laws or any of them, or against this at, shall be found to summon, hear, adjudge and determine, and issue any Process or Warrant in the same Manner as such Commissioners or Justices may now do in case of such Offences as are committed within their respective Jurisdictions: in case the said Commissioners or Justices shall, upon any judgement given by them respectively, issue a Warrant or Warrants of Distress, and the Person or Persons authorised to execute such Warrant, or any of them, shall make a Return thereto, that no sufficient Distress can be found, then it shall and may he lawful for the said Commissioners and Justices respectively, within whose jurisdiction the Party shall at any Time be found, against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, upon producing to them such Warrant and Return thereof, to commit such Offender to the next County Gaol till Satisfaction be made.

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. C. 27. 627

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties for/ei'urci II w and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, and all other Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by any former adt10 inpord, relating to the Duties of Excise, or any other Duty now under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise, shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Law

of Excise, or by this Actor by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any or his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvejlininfhr; any Law, Usage or Cnftoin to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succedors, and the other Moiety to him or them who flt all discover, inform or sue for the same.

XV. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise,

such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Actor such other Act, and Central lltuc, the special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pal's for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to hint or them against any Treble Costa. such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Stefavhr 21

Geo. 2. c. 14. Permitting Exportation of Tea to Ireland and America, nirbcut paying Duty

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the [healing of Linen, Fustian and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places used for Printing, Whitening, Bleaching or Drying the same.

WHEREAS many Doubts and Difficulties have arisen upon the Construction of an Act passed Geo. 2. C r n the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An alto prevent the stealing of Linen, Fustian anil Cotton Goods and I Fares, from Fields, Grounds and other Places used for whitening,

bleaching or drying the same, in regard the said Act doth not express and mention, with sufficient Cer tainty, the respective Goods and Wares, the dealing whereof from the respective Places therein menti oned and described, is by the said Act intended to be prevented, whereby the good and wholesome Ends proposed by the said Act have in a great Measure been frustrated, and by Means thereof, many of his Majesty's good Subjects have been greatly injured in their Properties, and put to very great Expenses and Charges in watching the same, which nevertheless hath hitherto proved ineffectual For Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual preventing of Thefts, frequently committed in Buildings, Fields,

Grounds and other Places used for Printing, Whitening, Bleaching or Drying of Linen, Fustian and Cotton Goods or Wares for the future; may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every and Persons, who at any Time after the first Day of June one thousand Whoever shall

seven hundred and forty fiv^by Day or Night feloniously deal any Linen, Fustian, Callico, cot 'faal Linen, eton, Cloth, or Cloth worked, woven, or made of any Cotton, or Linen Yard mixed, or any Thread, Lito be printed, nen or Cotton Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, Incle, Filleting, Laces or any other Linen, Fustian or b eac C '&c' cotton Goods or Wares whatsoever, laid, placed or exposed to be printed, whitened, bowked, bleached or dried in any whitening or bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, bowking house, drying house, printing house or other Building, Ground or Place made use of by any Callico Printer, Whitfter, Crofter,

Bowker or Bleacher, for Printing, Whitening, Bowking, Bleaching or Drying of the same, to the va or shall aid ur lue.of ten Shillings, or who shall aid or assist, or shall wilfully or miliciously hire 01 procure any other hlrc arl0, 1'er to Person or Persons to commit any such Offence, or who shall buy or receive any such Goods or Wares so uch

ilolen, knowing the same to be stolen as aforesaid, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be, and is and n ."j. '.. f are hereby declared to be guilty of Felony, and every such Offender shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Fe Feionjf and fuf lony, without Benefit of Clergy; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. fer Death.

II. Provided always, That in case the Judge or Court, by and before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted, shall think it reasonable, upon the Circumstances of the Case, that Rich Offender or Offenders or any of them, instead of differing Death, should be transported to some of his majesty's Colonies or Plantations beyond the Seas; it is hereby further enacted, That in every such The Court may Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Judge or Court, and he or they shall hereby have full order such Of power and Authority, instead of giving Judgement of Death against such Offender or Offenders, as in the fenders to be Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, in Manner herein before directed, to order such Offender or trsn0>orte<1 fur Offenders, being tried and convicted as aforesaid, to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies or 14 cals' Plantations in America, for the Space of fourteen Years, upon the like Terms and Conditions, and by the same Ways and Means, and in like Manner, as any other Felons may or are to be transported to any of his Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations, by Force or Virtue of any Law for that Purpose now in Force; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Offender or Often, ders Such Offenders

riforesaid, who shall be so ordered for Transportation by, or by virtue of this Act, shall break Gaol, or breaking Gaol, escape thereout, before such Transportation, or shall return into, or be at large within any Part of this to

4l? Kingdom

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

This Act to commence 1 June 174; and the Act Geo 2. C 16. repealed.

Concerning men

see further X 36

Kingdom of Great Britain, without lbme lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years, for which such Offender or Offenders shall be ordered to be transported as aforesaid; then, and in such Case, all and every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed to commence from the said first Day of "June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; from that Time the said Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Jlealing of Linen, Fustian and Cotton Goods and Tv ares, from Fields, Grounds and other Places, tifedfor whitening, Bleaching or Drying the same, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

1 Itkcivift 22 Geo. 2. c. 26. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46# 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.

CAP. XXVIII.

r cf 4' A atto indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing or c. 311.>4 ... running of prohibited, uncustomed or other Goods or Merchandise.

2*$ Car. 2. C 6-

2 W. & M. ft, 2. C 4 G? 10. 4 5 V & C $ & 15. 6 TV. M. C 1. 6 Cft 7 JV. 3. e, 7. 5 Geo. 1. e, 11, 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1.

C 21. $ Geo. ic. 15, ls 31.9 Geo. 1. c. 21. 11 Geo. 1. c. 7 & 30. 12 Geo. 1. c. 28, 1 Geo. 2. ft. 2. C 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 35. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the several Laws already made to prevent the unlawful importing and clandestine landing and running of prohibited and uncustomed Goods, diverse wicked and evil disposed Persons have of late, not only carried on, and do still continue such pernicious and illegal Practises, in open Defiance of the Laws, to the great Diminution of the public Revenue, and to the

manifest Prejudice of the fair Traders, and likewise seduced great Numbers of other Persons to join with them in the said wicked Practises; nevertheless as there may be some Hope that many of the said Persons who have been unwarily seduced as aforesaid, may be reclaimed by Grace and Clemency

from oft ending in the like Manner for the future: Therefore for the Quiet and Ease of his Majesty's Subjects, who may have been guilty of such Offences, and that such of them as are not yet become incorrigible, being freed from their Fears and Apprehensions, may be induced to leave off their illegal Practises, and to return to their lawful Callings and Occupations, and that such Persons as shall, after such an Act of Indulgence, and so public Warning, presume to commit any of the said Offences, maybe left without Excuse, and be brought to Justice, and duly punished as their Crimes shall deserve; it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Persons who be Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every his Majesty's Subjects of this his Majesty's 'realm of Great Britain, who before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thou anvvenrit'v C even hundred and fortyfive have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture in, by or for the clandestine for luoning, 'Sec. running, landing, unshipping, concealing or receiving any prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, Goods, indemni or any foreign Goods, liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs and Excise, or either of them, and

may plead this Act for their Discharge,

without See

only icl for entering the Plea.

Suits against

who are or may be subject to any Information, or other Prosecution whatsoever, for the Penalties for the running, landing, unshipping, concealing or receiving thereof, or for landing of any Goods, without the Presence of an Officer, shall be, and are by the Authority of this present Act, acquitted, indemnified, released and discharged, against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and every of them, of and from all the said Offences (not in this present Act hereafter excepted) and of and from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Indictments, Outlawries, Convictions, and Judgments, not herein after excepted, incurred, had or given, or that may or might arise or accrue for or by Reason or Means of any the said Offences, or other Matters or Things herein before mentioned and expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every of his Majesty's Subjects may by him, her or themselves, or by his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, Attorney or Attorneys, according to the Laws of this Realm, plead and infill on this Act of Indemnity for his, her or their Discharge, of or for anything that is by virtue of this Act acquitted, released, or discharged, without any Fee or Payment to any Person or Persons for the Writing or Entering of such Plea, or the Judgement thereupon, but only six teen Pence to the Clerk or Officer who shall enter such Plea or Matter for Judgement, or the party's Discharge in that Behalf; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person

Officers of Cu ancj persons who shall take, receive, or be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage by virtue of this present difdureed -10*Act of Indemnity, either by pleading or infilling on the same in any Court of Justice, or otherwise, and who hath or (before he, she or they shall claim the Benefit of this present Act) shall have brought, commenced, or prosecuted any Action, Plaint, or Information, Indictment, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, or other Revenue, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may have been aiding or assisting to any such Officer, for or concerning any Matter, Cause, or Thing done or committed by such Officer, or by any Person or Persons aiding or assisting him, on Occasion, or for or by Reason or Means of any of the Offences, Trespasses, Frauds, Misdemeanours, t or

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo o$avo Georgi: II C 28. 629

or other Matters or Things by this Act intended to be released and discharged, shall, before such Time b^fere anyerrr as he. Ore or they Orall be admitted to make such Plea as aforesaid, or to take any Benefit or Advantage of fit te tien. this Act, absolutely release and discharge such Action or Actions, discontinue and cause all Proceedings to be staid in all and every such Informations, Imlidtments, and other Prosecution and Prosecutions brought or commenced as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, after such Claim', bring or commence, or cause to be brought or commenced any Action, Plaint or Information, or other Prosecution whatsoever against any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or other Revenue, or other Person or Persons who shall have aided or assisted any such Officer, for or concerning any Act, Matter, or Thing done or committed by them, or any of them, on Occasion of, or for

or by Reason or Means of any of the Offences, Frauds, Misdemeanor, or other Matters or Things in cla; n^lr); thr tended to be released and discharged by this Act; such Claim is and shall he deemed to be an absolute Dif jibe charge and Release to such Officer or other Persons, of and from all and every such Actions, Suits, and to

[General Issue.]

Prosecutions; and such Officer or other Person may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter officer, C in Evidence; and the said Officer, or other Person, shall recover his Costs of Suit against the Person or from such Suit,; Persons so bringing or commencing such Action or Prosecution.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Penalties on Persons who shall take, receive, or be inti tied to the Benefit of this present Act of Indemnity, and shall l'erfom osvnd afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the like Offences, Trespasses, Frauds, or Misdemeanor, as

arc herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, released, or discharged, or any of the fit this act, '*

Offences hereafter in this Act mentioned or expressed, shall he subject and liable to be prosecuted, not only for or in respect of such new Offence by him, her or them committed, but shall also for and

in respect of the said Offences committed before the making this Act, and for and in respect

of all Bonds and Securities by them or any of them given to his Majesty, or to any Person or Persons for

his majesty's Use, commonly called Smuggling Bunds, be subject and liable to all and every the same Pains,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Actions, for Duties of Customs or Excise, and Actions upon the said Bonds and Securities, as he, he or they would have incurred, or been subject or liable to in case this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to Limitation of extend to acquit, release, or discharge any Judgement or Judgments, where the Moneys or other Things this Act. recovered have been actually levied, or the Defendant or Defendants taken in Execution upon such Judgments, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; shall the same extend, or be construed to extend to acquit, release, or discharge any Judgement or Judgments, in respect

to such Part thereof as belongs to the Informer, or such Person or Persons, who hath or have joined with his Majesty in such Suit or Suits, wherein such Judgement or Judgments hath or have been obtained, un jess and until such Person or Persons, who would take the Benefit of this Act, shall pay to such Informer, or other Person or Persons the full Costs of such Suit or Suits, in which such Judgement or Judgments shall have been obtained.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Offenders i; »blr who tave committed or been guilty of any of the Offence or Offences herein before mentioned, for which tobetransportesi. any such Person or Persons is or are by any Law or Statute now in being liable to be transported as a Eelon oking the bene or Felons, shall, for any of the said Offences, take or receive the Benefit of this present Act, and shall assit of this Act, terwards be guilty of or commit any of the said Offences, for which he, she or they is or are now liable rndhro'(£: 'r'ns to be transported as aforesaid; then all and every such Person and Persons (being duly convicted of or fuc 0 'cnces> for any of the said Offences hereafter to be committed as aforesaid, and upon due Proof made, that such Person or Persons had committed any of the same Offences before the making this Act, and had taken or received the Benefit thereof for his, her or their Discharge) shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall ffial] suffer suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. Death

VIII. Provided also, That all Persons who have, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hun compofnions

died and fortyfive, compounded with or agreed to pay any Sum of Money by way of Composition to for Offences «, his Majesty, or to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or to any of the Barons of the Ex good 5 -

chequer, or to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively for the Time being, on his Majesty's Behalf, for or in respect of the above-mentioned Offences, or for the Forfeitures or Penalties arising

thereby, shall make good such Compositions and Agreements as have been by them respectively made;

or, in Default thereof, all and every such Person shall be excluded and deprived of and from all Benefit or the Benefit

and Advantage of this Act. of this Act lost.

Concerning Cu

fi-om sit farther 19 Get, a. t, 34. it Gu, a. (, a. as Get, a. t. at, 30 Geti a, C 18 Cm ag. 3s Get. 2. C toc

630 C 29, 30. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

---

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, and for the better enabling them to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

PR.

---

9 Geo. 2. c. 29 to Geo. 2. c. 16

11 Geo. 2'. C 25

12 Geo. 2. c. 33 113 Geo. 2. c. 16

14 Geo. 2. c. 40 j 1; Geo. 2. c. 26 27 Geo. 2. c. 32

Whereas the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Woolstaple,

or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, or any seven or more of them, are, by several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, authorised and empowered to make, open, design, assign, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Railages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground as they shall find nc cessary for them to be possessed of, and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, or employed for that Purpose, comprised within certain Limits and Bounds, mentioned and described in the said Acts, or some of them; and likewise to let, fell, or dispose of, such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they may, by Means of such Purchases, be possessed of, over and above what may be necessary for the opening and widening of the said Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to contrast, agree for, or purchase the same; as also to design, assign, and hay out, in what Manner the new Houses to be built shall be erected and built; and of what Breadth and extent the said Streets, Ways, and Passages shall be: And whereas the said Commissioners have designed, assigned, and laid out, several Streets, Ways,

and Passages, to and from the said intended Bridge, " the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament,

and the Parts adjacent; and in order to preserve the same, and the Buildings now erected, and hereafter to be erected upon the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground; free from all Nufances and Annoyances, and

4 to preserve the Uniformity and Beauty thereof, have agreed to dispose of Part of the said Premises, under such Covenants, Conditions, Agreements, Limitations, and Restrictions, as they have found necessary for those Purposes, and for the Benefit of the Public in general; but which cannot effectually be enforced by the Laws now in being, so as to remain a perpetual Lien on the said Premises, without the further Aid and Authority of parliamenttherefore, for promoting and encouraging a Design so useful and beneficial to the Public, and for a better and more effectual enforcing the several Covenants, Agreements, Limitations, and restrictions, under which the said Commissioners have or shall dispose of any Piece, Pieces, or Parcels of ground or Buildings, pursuant to the Powers given them by the said acts, or any of them, May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, Me.

Enforced by 2, 9

cy.

rd the Ewers tended by 30 Geo.

If any Occupier of Ground sold or let by the Commissioners, shall, contrary to their Covenant, make or fufter any Nuisance, Me. to the Buildings relating to the Bridge; Me. any seven Commissioners, Me. may enter and view; and if made in! open Streets leading to the Bridge, Me. the Commissioners, Me. may remove them; and if done in Breach of any Covenant, Met Notice shall be given to the Owner or Occupier to remove the same, according to Covenant; on Refusal or Neglect seven Days after Notice, Commissioners, Me. may enter and remove such Nuisance according to Agreement; the Charges whereof shall be paid by the Person causing the Nuisance; the Penalty comprised in, the Covenant; on Neglect or Refusal, they may be levied by Diifrefs and Sale; if no sufficient Distress can be found, the Rents shall be received by the Commissioners till Satisfaction made. Out of the Aids granted for the Year 174^, 25,000 1. granted to the Commissioners for building the Bridge, Me. An Account of the said 25,000l. to be laid before the Parliament within 20 Days after opening the Session. Public Act."

2. C 34.

---

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

'WHEREAS by an Act made in the eleventh Year of King William the Third,

[11 W. 3. C. 7.]

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; It is (amongst other Things) enacted, That all Piracies, Felonies, and Robberies committed on the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, may be examined, inquired of, tried, and determined and adjudged, according to the Directions of the said Act, in any Place at Sea, or upon the Land, in any of his Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts, or Factories, to be appointed for that Purpose by the King's Commission, in the Manner therein directed: And it is also thereby further enacted, That if any of his Majesty's natural born Subjects, or Denizens of this Kingdom, shall commit any Piracy or Robbery, or any Act of Hostility, against others of his Majesty's Subjects, upon the Sea, under Colour of any Commission from any foreign Prince or State, or Pretence of Authority from any Person whatsoever, such Offenders shall be deemed Pirates, Felons,

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. C. 31. 631

and Robbers; and they being duly convicted, according to the said Act,

[28 Hen. 8. c. 15.]

or according to an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, therein recited, shall have and suffer such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons, and Robbers upon the Seas, ought to have and suffer: And whereas, since the present Wars with France and Spain, diverse of his Majesty's natural born Subjects have entered in the Service of his Majesty's Enemies, on board privateers, or other Ships, having Commissions from the Crowns of France or Spain, and committed divers Hostilities against his Majesty's Subjects upon, the Seas, in the West Indies, and other Parts: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether as such Offenders have, by such their Adherence to the King's Enemies, been guilty of High Treason, they can be deemed guilty of Felony, within the Intent of the said Act, and, as such, liable to be tried by the said Court of Admiralty appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act:' Therefore, to put an End to the said Doubts, and to prevent the inconveniencies that must arise, by the Want of speedy justice on such Offenders; May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Subjects or Denizens, during any Wars, committing Hostilities at Sea &c., against his Majesty's Subjects, where the Admirals have Power, or giving Aid, &c. to Enemies at Sea, may be tried as Pirates.]

That all Persons being natural born Subjects, or Denizens of his Majesty, who during the present or any future wars, have committed, or shall commit any Hostilities upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction against his majesty's Subjects, by Virtue or under Colour of any Commission from any of his Majesty's Enemies, or have been, or shall be any other ways adherent, or giving Aid or Comfort to his Majesty's Enemies upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, may be tried as Pirates, Felons and Robbers in the said Court of Admiralty, on Ship-board, or upon the Land, in the same Manner as Persons guilty of Piracy, Felony and Robbery, are by the said Act directed to be tried; and such Persons being upon such Trial convicted thereof, shall suffer such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods and Chattels, as any other Pirates, Felons and Robbers ought,

[11 W. 3. c. 7.]

by virtue of the said recited Act of the eleventh Year of King William the Third, or any other Act, to suffer.

[not to be tried again for the same Crime as High Treason.]

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted, according to this Act, for any of the said crimes, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted, or tried again in Great Britain, or elsewhere, for the same Crime or Fact as High Treason.

[Criminals not tried by this Act, may be tried for High Treason, by 28 H. 8. c. 5.]

III Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent any Persons guilty of any of the said Crimes, who shall not be tried according to this Act, from being tried for High Treason within this Realm, according to the aforesaid Act of the twenty-eighth Year of King Henry the Eighth.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the more effectual recovering and collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney.

---

'WHEREAS y an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Will 7 w. 3. C sir

LIAM the Third, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen; and an Act,

made in the eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enforce the Act for the In 8 w. 3. C 23.

f crease and Encouragement of Seamen; and also another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late 10 Ann. C 17.

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof; and for preserving her Ma ' je/ty's Harbour Moorings; and another Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty zcco. 2. C 7, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland,

and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; there was given and established for the Support of the said Royal Hospital, a Duty of six Pence per Menfcm, payable by all Seamen; and by the said several Acts, it was (among other Things)

enacted, That the said Duty should be paid by every Seaman, and other Person whatsoever, that shoulr!

serve or be employed by his Majesty, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in any of his Majesty's Ships, or in any Ship ot Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or Dominions thereunto belonging, or to any of the Subjects of his Majesty, within the Islands of Jersey,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and every of them respectively, and within all and every his Majesty's Colonies, Islands, and Dominions in America (other than and except such Persons as in the: ibid Acts are excepted) which said Duties should be paid by the Master, Commanders, and Owners of all and every such Ships and Vessels respectively, who were authorised, empowered, and required to de duct and detain the same, out of the Wages, Shares, or other Profits payable or accruing to every Seaman, or other Person employed in any such Ship or Vessel, and liable to the Payment of the said Duty, '

if such Seaman or other Person shall have, or be entitled to any such Wages, Shares or Profits: And whereas the Commissioners for collecting the said Duty, do find great Difficulty in collecting the same from Privateers, or private Ships of War, having Letters of Mark, and who neither clear inward s ' or Outwards; 'For Remedy thereof, and to the Intent that the said Duty may be more easily and effectually collected for the Uses aforesaid, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Officer or Seamen, or other Person whatsoever, that shall

6 d. per Month to be paid by every Officer or Seaman in any Privateer,

to Greenwich Hospital. Commander to detain the same out of Wages, or Shaves, C

Commander of a Privateer sailing from any Port,

hall give the Collector a List of his Men

and on Return hall give a Copy of the same, on Oath,

with an accdlint what is become of those wanting;

under Penalty of 56l.

Receivers may summon Coni' fnanders or Owners,

within 10 Miles,

and examine the Number and Times of Service of their Men j

to be answered, on Penalty of 50 1.

the Vesselnot permitted to go to Sea, till the Duty of the preceding Voyage be paid.

*7 Geo. I. C. 34.

C 31. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

serve or be employed in any Privateer, or private Ship of War, having a Letter of Mark, belonging to any of the Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or Dominions thereunto belonging, or to any of the Subject's of his Majesty, within the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any of them respectively, or within his Majesty's Colonies, islands, and Dominions in America, shall pay the said Duty of sixpence per Month, or proportionably for any lesser Time, during the Time he or they shall serve, or be employed in, or belong to, any such Ship or Vessel, for the better Support of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and to augment the Revenue thereof for the Purposes in the said recited Acts mentioned. 1 '

II. And it is hereby declared, That the Master, Commander or Owner of every Privateer, or private Ship or Vessel of War, having a Letter of Mark, is hereby empowered and required to deduct and detain, out of the Wages, Shares of Prizes, or other Profits, payable or accruing to such Officer, Seaman, or other Person employed in his Ship or Vessel, the said Duty of sixpence per Month, (other than for such Persons as by the said Acts are exempted) and shall pay the same to such Officer or Officers, as are or shall on that Behalf be appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of ffnnt which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, the Master or Commander of every Privateer, or private Ship or Vessel of War, having a Letter of Mark before he sails from any of the Ports of Great Britain or Ireland, or from any of the Ports of Jersey, Guemfn, Alderney, Sark, aw Man, or from any of the Ports within his Majesty's Colonies, Islands, and Dominions in America, shall deliver to the Collector of the Customs of the Port he sails from, a List in Writing, 'signed by him, of the Names, Ages, and Descriptions of every Seaman, or Other person employed in of belonging to such Privateer, or private Ship or Vessel of War, having a Letter of Mark; and upon the Arrival, Entry, or Return of every such Ship or Vessel, at or into any of the Ports aforesaid, the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver to the Collector of the Customs of the Port he arrives at, an authentic Copy, upon Oath, of the List he delivered in to the Collector of the Customs of the Port from whence he sailed, and a particular Account, whether all or any of the Men which sailed with him are returned; and if any are wanting, such Master or Commander shall and is hereby required to give an Account in Writing what is become of them; and in case any such Master or Commander as aforesaid, shall obstinately refuse or neglect to deliver such Lists and Accounts as aforesaid, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Adoiety whereof shall be to the Use of the said Royal Hospital, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Receiver and Receivers of the said Duty of sixpence per Month, payable to the said Royal Hospital, his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, for the better Discovery of what shall be due from the Persons serving on Board, or belonging to any Privateer, or private Ship or Vessel of War, having a Letter of Mark as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their hands, to summon all such Masters and Commanders, or (in their Absence) the Owner or Owners of such Privateers, or private Ships and vessels of War, having Letters of Mark, to be and appear at the Office of the said Receiver or Receivers, his or their respective deputy or Deputies (so as the Person summoned be not obliged to travel above ten Miles for the making such Appearance) which said Receiver or Receivers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, are hereby empowered and directed to examine every such Adafter and Commander, or Owner or Owners, as to the Number and Times of Service of all and every Person or Persons belonging to, or employed in such Ships or Vessels, who are liable to, or chargeable with the said Sum of sixpence per Month; if such Masters or Commanders, or (in their Absence) the Owners, or any of them, shall refuse when so summoned (not having a reasonable Excuse) to appear before the said respective Persons, hereby empowered to examine them in Manner as aforesaid; if they shall appear, and obstinately refuse to make full and true Discovery of the Matters aforesaid, upon their several Oaths (which Oaths the said Receiver or Receivers, their Deputy or Deputies, are hereby empowered to administer) or shall neglect to pay the Moneys which shall be due to the said Hospital, within six Calendar Months after they shall have had due Notice from the said Receiver or Receivers, his or their Deputy or Deputies, to pay the same; that then and in every such Case, all and every such Offender or Offenders, for every such Refusal or Neglect, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be co the Use of the said Hospital, and the other Adoiety to such Person or Persons as shall fuc for the same, by Actioft of Debt, Bill, Plaint Or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Lav., or Protection shall be allowed; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Plaintiff in any such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, then such Plaintiff shall have and be allowed double Costs; and if any such Master or Commander shall attempt to go to Sea with the said Ships or Vessels, before he hath duly accounted with, and paid the said Receiver or Receivers the said Duty for the Voyage preceding; then and in such Case, such Receiver or Receivers, or their Deputies, are hereby empowered to flop such Ship or Vessel from proceeding to Sea till the said Duty be paid; and upon the Death or Removal of any Master or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel, the Owner or Owners shall deliver to the succeeding Master, a true Account of the said Duty due to the said Hospital as aforesaid, and Money sufficient for Payment of the same to the Receivers thereof; and in Default thereof, such Receiver or Receivers, or their Deputies, shall and lawfully may stop such Ship or Vessel from proceeding to Sea, until the said Duties shall be fully paid and satisfied.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled,

An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers? to annoy the Enemy,

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 32, 33. 633

it is enacted, That after the Sale or Sales of such Prize or Prizes as shall be taken from the Enemy by any of his Majesty's Ships of War, publick Notificationshall be given, by the Persons or Agents ap 1 pointed, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares 10 the Captors; after which publick Notification, if any Mens Shares hall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, cither belonging to such Men as shall be run from his majesty's Service, or which hull not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Pet fan's or agent's Hands, or belonging to such Men as hall run from his Majesty's Service, shall go and be pail to the Use of Greenwich Hospital; and also that the Shares of the Bounty granted by the said Act to the

Commanders, Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of his Majesty's Ships of War, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying, any Ship of War, or Privateer, belonging no any of his Majesty's Enemies, if not legally demanded within three Years after publick Nocihcaiion, and also of such as shall run from his Majesty's Service, shall be applied to the Use of Greenwich Hospital:

whereas the good Intention of the said Add has been greatly frustrated, and little Benefit has arofc to the said Hospital therefrom, for want of certain Evidence of what Person or Persons is or are, or has or have been appointed Agent or Agents for Prizes, of whom the said Shares so granted to the said Hof

maybe legally demanded b or Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Agent'

all and every Person or Persons who, since the Commencement of the present War against Spain, has^L

or have been, or now is or are, or hereafter shall be appointed Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes wi! with Spain, taken by any Ship or Ships of War belonging to his Majesty, or for receiving the said Bounty, and mail regiftef which Prize or Prizes have been or shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty of England., shall their Letters of exhibit, and eaufc to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty, his or their respective Letter or Attorney in Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid, unless he or they have already done the same; and if any Person or Persons, so as aforesaid appointed Agent or Agents (who have not already done the same) shall refiife or neglect so to do on or before the first Day of before i August August one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, or if any Person or Persons hereafter to be appointed: Cs

Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse or neglet to exhibit, and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for the Space of six Calendar Months after Sentence of Condem crin six Month nation of any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty, for the Care and Distribution afer condemna of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons so refilling or neglect "onof thepnse; ing shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred rounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the under Penalty same, by ation of Debt, Plaint or Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in which no 01 5°o1, eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI. Provided always, That if any Agent or Agents shall be appointed, after the Time any Sentence Agents appointed of Condemnation in the said Court of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the altercondemna aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or ^, n ^vririer riieir Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of six Ka leyierf fi" a lendar Months, after the Date of his or their said Letter or Letters of Attorney. Mooths after

Dace.

Concerning Seamen see farther 20 Geo. 2. c. 24 * 38, 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24 Geo. 2. c. 47. 31 Geo. z, C I

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for continuing, amending, and making more eftetual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham to edghill in the County of Warwick.

PR.

The Act 12 Geo. I. C. 6. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to Carts used by Persons inhabiting within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, and to allow such Carts to be drawn with three Horses; and to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in Streets within the said Limits.

WHEREAS in and by an Act made and passed in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of 1 & 4 W. & M, their late Majesties King William and Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing andc' lz'

amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods; it was enacted, That all and every Law and Statute then in Force, for or touching the enlarging, repairing or amending Highways and common Roads, and every Article and Thing in them contained, and not therein, and thereby al 'tered and repealed, should be duly put in Execution, according to the Tenor of the said Laws, and under the Penalties therein contained, to be raised, levied and disposed of, as in and by the said Laws is direted; and diverse good and wholesome Rules, Provisions and diretions are thereby made, cnat 4 ed, appointed and ordained, for the better repairing and amending the Highways within this Kingdom; jw.til.c,*, in which said Act there is contained and inserted a Clause or Proviso, in the Words following; that is h >6.

4 to say. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Inhabitant of any of the Parishes, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, who dwells off Vol. VI 4 M 4 from

634 C 33*

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

2 W. Sc M,

8, K

ft.s

Carts, C drawn three Horses may be used.

from the Pavement, or uses his Carts, as well off as upon the Pavement, and to and for any Brewer, and to and for any Scavenger, or other Person employed in carrying away the Dirt and Soil of the Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, to make use of any Cart, Car, or Dray, with Wheels ffiod with Iron,

and narrower than six Inches in the Fellies, and drawn with more than two Horses; any Act of Parliament, Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: whereas great Number of

Carts, Drays, and other Carriages shod with Iron, and drawn with more than two Horses, do daily under the Authority and Permission of the said Act, pass and repass through the Streets, situate within the Bills of Mortality, to the great Spoil and Destruction of the Pavement of the said Streets, and the great Annoyance and Prejudice of the Inhabitants within the same; 'For preventing whereof for the

future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho

A Clause therein rity of the same, That the said Clause or provil'o herein before see forth and recited, shall from and after

repealed, the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and the same is hereby enacted and declared to be from thenceforth repealed.

II. And whereas in and by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties, ' it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after the fifteenth Day of December, the Wheels of every Cart, Car, or Dray, to be used for the Carriage of anything whatsoever, from any Place within the Cities and Parishes therein mentioned, to any Place situate in the said Cities and Parishes where the Streets are paved, shall be made to contain the Breadth of six Inches in the Felly, and shall not be wrought about with any Ironwork whatsoever, nor be drawn with above the Number of two Horses, after they are up the Hills from the Water Side, under the Penalties in the said Act contained: e And whereas the same, so far as it relates to the drawing such Cart, Car, or Dray, with two Horses only, hath been found inconvenient; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person whatsoever to make use of any Cart, Car, or Dray, as aforesaid, drawn by three Horses; said recited Act, or any other Act, Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Tensity of using

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, after ^v'mor^than*1'^twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, make use of any such three°horses? Cart, Car, or Dray, drawn by more than three Horses, as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall be liable and subject to all and every the Penalties by the said Act directed to be infiifted upon any Person or Persons. using any Car, Cart, or Dray, drawn with more than two Horses; anything in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen from the irregular Behaviour of Carmen, dray men, and other Persons driving Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the Bills of Mortality, by their mil using and hindering the Passage of his Majesty's Subjects through the said Streets and Highways, and committing other Disorders of the like Kind For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall drive any Cart, Car, or Dray, of any Kind whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, unless the Masser or Owner of such Cart, Car, or Dray, shall place upon some conspicuous Part of such Cart, Car, or Dray, the Name of the Owner of such Cart, Car, or Dray, and the Number of such Cart, Car, or Dray so belonging to him, in order that the Driver of such Cart, Car, or Dray, may 30 Geo. 2. C zi. be the more easily convicted for any Disorder or Misbehaviour committed by him as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner of such Cart, Car, or Dray, residing within the Limits aforesaid, shall enter his Name and Place of Abode, with the commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, for which Entry he shall pay the Sum of one Shilling, and no more; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to receive and register such Entry as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall drive any such Cart, Car, or Dray, within the Limits aforesaid, not marked, numbered and entered, as is herein before directed, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to seize and detain the Cart, Car, or Dray, or any of the Horses drawing the same, and them to detain till such Penalty shall be paid.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons using any Cart, Car, or Dray as aforesaid, having the Wheels of the full Breadth of six Inches, when worn, to have the same bound round with Streaks or Tyre of Iron, provided such Streaks or Tyre of Iron be of the full Breadth of six Inches, and made fiat, and not let on with role headed Nails; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Name of the Owner of every Cart, 10 be placed thereon, and numbered 5 Explained and amended by and registered with the Commissionera for Hackney Coaches.

Under Penalty t 40 a.

Cart Wheels in ij be bound with Iron, six Inches broad, without rose headed Nails.

6 Geo. 1.

C 6. and see concerning Highways 21 Geo. 2>

C 28. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. 28 30. 28 Geo. 2. c. 17* 30 Geo. 2. t, ss. 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

i

Anno dcciino octavo Georgii II. c. 3 4.

C A IXXXIV.

An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual the Laws in Being, to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horses Races.

635

whereas notwithstanding the many good and wholesome Laws now in Being, for preventing yv y;, j..rxi C \\ excessive and deceitful Gaining, many Persons of ill Fame and Reputation, who have no visible uhnrg hon

of Subsistence, do keep Houses, Rooms, and other places, for playing, and do permit Persons r, jr

to play at Cards, Dice, and other Devices, for large Stuns of Money, by Means whereof dip

vers young and unwary Persons, and others, are drawn in to lose the greatest Part, and foinetimes all 7c c.jr. z!jc. 7.

their Substance; it frequently happens they are thereby reduced to the uimost Necessities, and be9/j.f C 14. '

take themselves to the moult wicked Courses, which end in their ulterruin: And whereas a certain = Cn. 1. C 28. 4 pernicious Game called Roulet, or rolypoly, is daily practised, and the Laws now in Being have,

C by Experience, been found iiieffectual to put A Stop to such pernicious practices for Remedy wlieic of May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty No Ptrrnn (bill fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, no Person or Persons, of what Condition jtccpa 1'kte soever, shall keep any House, Room, or Place for playing, or permit or fuster any Person or Persons p!a.jvibf y whatsoever, within any such House, Room, or Place, to play at the said Game of Roulet, otherwise rolypoly, or at any other Game, with Cards or Dice, already prohibited by the Laws of this Realm; Cards or Dice; and in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall keep any such House, Room, or Place for playing, or permit or suffer any Person or Persons as aforesaid to play at the said Game of Roulet, otherwise rolypoly, or at any other Game, with Cards or Dice, already prohibited by Law, such Person or Persons uj)der pent; ej 10 offending shall incur the Pains and Penalties, and be liable to such Prosecution as is directed in and cf 12 Geo. a. by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more C 2s. effectual preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever Persons playing shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, play at the fell incur the said Game of Roulet, otherwise rolypoly, or at any Game or Games with Cards or Dice, already pro, of hibited by Law, every such Person or Persons so offending shall also incur the Pains and Penalties, and 12 co'1, c'2'be liable to such Prosecution, as is directed in and by an Act made in twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming.

III. And whereas in and by a certain Statute, made in the ninth Year of the Reigmof her late Majesty, Ann. C 14,

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eleven, any Person or Persons whatsoever, who should at any Time or Sitting, by playing at Cards,

Dice, Tables, or other Game or Games whatsoever, or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such who do play at any of the Games aforesaid, lose to any one or more Person or Persons so playing or betting,

in the Whole, the Sum of ten Pounds, and should pay and deliver the same, or any Part thereof, the

Person or Persons so losing, or paying or delivering the same, should be at Liberty within three Months then next, to sue for, and recover the Money or Goods so lost and paid, or delivered, or any

Part thereof, from the respective Winner or Winners thereof, with Costs of Suit; to be sued for, and

recovered by Action of Debt, founded on the said Act, to be prosecuted in any of her then said Majesty's Courts of Record; in which actions or Suits no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege 4fof Parliament, or more than one Imparlance should be allowed, with further Directions, as in the said Act are particularly set forth: And whereas for the better Discovery of the Moneys, or anything so 4, w on, and to be sued for as aforesaid, it is by the said Statute enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who by virtue of the said Statute should or might be liable to be sued for any such Sum or Sums of Money, or valuable Thing, should be obliged and compelled to answer, upon Oath, such Bill or Bills, as should be preferred against him or them, for the Discovery of the Sum or Sums of Money to be won at Play as aforesaid; no Provision is made, or Authority given to any Court of Equity

4 to decree the same to be paid; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said court of Equity, twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, in case any Bill or Bills shall be where a Bill shall brought, exhibited and filed in any Court of Equity, against any Person or.persons, for any Sum or Sums filed forar>y of Money won by any Person or Persons after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, it shall and may be law pecree as in full for such Court, wherein such Bill shall be brought, exhibited, and filed, to proceed and decree there other Causes, upon, and enforce such Decree or Decrees, as shall be made in pursuance thereof, in the same Manner, as is practised and used in other Causes, upon Bills and Answers depending in the Courts where such Bill shall he so brought and exhibited.

IV. And for the more easy Conviction of persons offending against this or any other former Act, for on Information preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and for any Offence, 'may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, who have Jurisdiction to hear and determine Informa against his Act, tions, upon the Statutes against excessive and deceitful Gaming, upon any Information exhibited before r 'z Gco z them, for any Offence committed against this Act, or against the Statute made in the twelfth Year of his Ge a present Majesty, intituled, An Act sir the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, or c. 19. against one other Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, ' An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act made in the

4m2 'last

636 C 34. Anno decimo octavo Georgii A.D. 1745.

Persons rmy be last Session of Parliament, 'entitled, An Act for the more effectual preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming; fljr Evidence to upi "on any Person or Persons, other than the Party accused, to appear before them, at a certain give VI lull, Day, Tbne and Place, to be inserted in such Summons, and to give Evidence for the Discovery of the who on Neglect Truth of the Matter in the said Information contained; and in case of neglect: or refusal to appear, or if orretufal to ap upon Appearance, such Person or Persons hall refuse to give evidence, "or shall give any false Evidence, kt'£r.j>lvms_ every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be levied by fljjl fovfd" jvl. and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Persons iffinng such Summons as aforesaid and in case such Person or Persons not appearing, or neglecting, or refuting to give such Evidence, or giving any false Evidence, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon to levy the said Sum of fifty Pounds, every such Person or Persons shall be, by such Person or Persons, having Jurisdiction as aforesaid, committed to the common Gaol for the County, oi be committed City or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for tlwspace of six Months, with lcr six Months, out Bail or Mainprize.

No Person inca V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day rabie of being a of 'june one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, no Person or Persons, other than the Parties, plain ih tparties)xfort^anc Defendant in the Cause, shall be incapacitated from being a Witness, touching any Offence corn having played, mitted against the Laws for preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming, by Reason of having played, bet betteii, C ted or staked at any Game prohibited by this or any of the said Statutes.

Proviso for

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained hall

Royal Palaces, extend to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from playing at any Game whatsoever, within any fic of his Majesty's Royal Palaces, wherein his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors shall then actually reside,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege of Parliamentshall be No Privilege of allowed to any Person or Persons whatsoever against whom any Prosecution or Proceedings hall he com parliament to be menced or had, for keeping of any public or common gaming house, or any House, Room or Place for fecuuons0°" pw hg at aily Game or Games prohibited by this, or any other Act now in Being, against excessive or

ons' c' deceitful Gaming; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, after the Commencement of Persons losing this Act, hall win or lose at Play, or by Betting, at any one Time, the Sum or Value of ten Pounds, or 101. at one within the Space of twenty-four Hours the Sum or Value of twenty Pounds, such Person shall be liable Time, or 201. in to be indicted for such Offence within six Months after it is committed, either before his Majesty's Justices of the King's Bench, Assize, Gaol Delivery or Grand Sessions; and being thereof legally convicted,

shall be fined five Times the Value of the Sum so won or lost; which Fine (after such Charges as the and fined five Court filial] judge reasonable allowed to the Prosecutors and Evidence out of the fama) shall go to the Poor - ones the a ue. Of tjlc or pace where such Offence shall be committed.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person so offending shall discover any other Person so offending, 'offenders difeo -- so that such Person be thereupon convicted, the Person so discovering shall be discharged and indemnified

°, hfeys from all Penalties, by reason of any such Offence, if such Person so discovering hath not been before con y 'e C ar2' vifted thereof, and shall be admitted as an Evidence to prove the same.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained hall extend, or be Not to repeal construed to extend, to repeal or invalidate an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Ma9 Annae, C 14., jesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming.

See farther 30 '

XL. And whereas in an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

C to refrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races, and for amending an Act made in the last scj/ion of

33 Geo. a, C 191 4 Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of cxeefiiv.e and deceitful Gaming; it is

V 3. 4 (among other Things) enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and forty, no Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Age of five Years, shall be entered,

flatted or run, for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, unless such Horse,

Mare or Gelding, shall carry ten Stone Weight, computing; fourteen Pounds to each Stone Weight j C and that no Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Age of six Years, hall be entered, flatted or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, unless such Horse, Mare or Geld ing shall carry eleven Stone, computing fourteen Pounds to each Stone Weight; and that no Horse,

Mare or Gelding, being of the Age of seven Years, hall be entered, started or run for any Plate, Prize,

Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, unless such Elorfe, Mare or Gelding ball carry twelve Stone Weight, computing fourteen Pounds to each Stone Weight; and in case any Person or Persons shall enter, start or run any.horse, Mare or Gelding, of either of the Ages aforesaid, for any Plate, '4 Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing, carrying less than the Weights herein before directed to be car, ried, such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited; and the Person or Persons

4 so entering, starting or running such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And whereas the thirteen Royal Plates of one hundred Guineas each, annually run 4' for, as also the high Prices that are constantly given for Horses of Strengh and Size, are sufficient to encourage Breeders to raise their Cattle to the utmost Size and Strength possible Be it therefore enac — ed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, to run any Match, or to start and run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, of the real and intrinsic Value of fifty Pounds or upwards, at any Weights whatsoever, and at any Place or Places whatsoever, without incurring or being liable to the Penalty or Penalties in the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to Weights as aforementioned, and in the same Manner, as might have been done if the said Act had never been made 3 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 35, 36. 637

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the further regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea, and for regulating the Proceedings upon court-martial in the Sea Service. [Rep. 22 Geo. 2. c. 33.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the thirteenth Year of the 130a. 2, t. 9,

Reign of his late Majesty King CHARLES the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships of I Far, and Forces by Sea, C diverse Orders and Directions were made and established, for the Purport:in the said Act mentioned;

and the several Crimes and Offences therein specified, are thereby directed to be inquired into, and tried by court-martial to be held for that Purpose: And it was thereby further enacted, 'Phat the Lord High Admiral for the Time being should have full Power and Authority, by virtue of the said Act, to grant Commissions to inferior Vice Admirals or Commander in Chief of any Squadron of Ships,

to call and artcmble court-martial, consisting of Commanders and Captains; and th t the Judge Advocate of any Fleet for the Time being should have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences therein before mentioned; and that in the Absence of the judge Advocate, the court-martial should have full Power and Authority to appoint any Person to administer an Oath to the Purpose aforesaid: And whereas by reason of some Defects in the said Act of Parliament, and in the Constitution and Proceedings of such court-martial, great i11- convenience may happen to the public Service, and several Crimes and Offences, and Misdemeanors, relating to the Government of his Majesty's Fleets, Navies and Ships of War, may escape Punishment, to the great Prejudice and Dishonour of these Kingdoms: Therefore, for the remedying and supplying the said Defects, and for maintaining a proper and strict Government and Discipline of his Majesty's Navy, wherein at all Times, and more especially in Time of War, the Wealth, Strength and Safety of these Kingdoms are so much concerned; Be it enacted, 07.

"Lord High admiral.or Commissioners, 07. may grant Commissions to Flag Officers, 07. or Captains,

"to call court-martial; Judge Advocate to collect the evidence, inform the Court, and prosecute "

"to summon Witnesses; Persons summoned not appearing, or not giving Evidence, shall forfeit "too. Admiral, 07. by whose Powers any court-martial is held not to prcrtde therein; but Proceed "to be laid before him. Persons committing Perjury, or suborning thereto, in any court-martial,

"to be punished as by 5 Eliz. C 9. and 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. Corrupt Practises, to persuade Perjury to be "used in any court-martial, to be prosecuted in the King's Bench. The Offence sufficient to be set forth,

"without the Commission for holding the Court, 07. Articles of War, 07. with respeff to Crews of "Ships wrecked or loft:, to be in Force; except taken by the Enemy, until discharged, removed or tried;

"if on trial the Crew have done their Duty, their Pay to continue; or having afled contrary thereto, to "be punished."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

WHEREAS it is evidently for the Advantage of this Kingdom, that the Wearing of Cambricks, g 2- C and French Lawns should be prohibited Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, -5, eg -6.'by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present.parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth iday o

of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, it shall not wornj underpe be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to wear in Great Britain, in any Garment or Apparel nalty of 51. See whatsoever, any Cambrick or French Lawn, under the Penalty of forfeiting to the Informer the Sum of21 Geo -- C 16. five Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or 'amendedanden justices of the Peace; which Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively authorised, and ftriiftly en forced, joined and required, upon any Complaint or Information upon Oath, exhibited or brought of any such Offence committed contrary to this Act, within six Days after Commitment thereof, to summon the Party ^U0, accused, and upon his or her Appearance or Contempt, to proceed to Examination of the Matter of Fact; cussed! ar y and upon due Proof thereof made, either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer) to hear and determine the same; and upon such Conviction, to cause the said Penalty, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Penalty to be Seals respectively, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, rendering levied by Distiels the Overplus (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted); nevertheless it shall be lawful and sale for the Party agrieved, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions to be Appeal to the held for the County, City, Riding, or Place, where the said Offence or Offences shall have been com quarter seilions; mitted, giving six Days Notice at leaf! of such Appeal to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors; which Justices, g5v ing Day at such General Quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the Nuike. lame, whose Determination shall be final,

3

638 C 36.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

Sellers of cam brick. to forfeit

51.

The Person wearing cam bricks discover* ine the Seller, shall be dif. (.barged.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, vend, utter, fell, or expose to Sale any Cambricks or French Lawns, made or not made up, such Person or Persons so vending, uttering selling, orexpofing the same to Sale (except for Exportation only) and shall thereof be convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid,

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, be prosecuted by this Act for wearing in or on any Garment or Apparel, any cambricks or French Lawns, and such Person or Persons shall discover upon Oath, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who sold such Cambricks or French Lawns, to such Person or Persons so wearing the same, such Person or Persons so discovering as aforesaid shall be, and is and are hereby freed and discharged of and from all and every such Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid, for wearing such Cambricks or French Lawns; and the Person and Persons so selling such Cambricks or French Lawns, to such Person or Persons as shall wear the same, shall be liable to the Penalties and forfeitures herein before laid and inflicted; and the same shall be recovered and levied, and disposed of in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures which are inflicted by this Act, for wearing of Cambricks or French Lawns.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, no Cambricks or French Lawns shall be admitted to be imported or entered into any Port of Great Britain, until after Proof upon Oath shall have been made by the Importer, or if a Shiahcr, by Affirmation, at the Time of entering the same, before the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation (which Oath or Affirmation such Officer or Officer are hereby empowered and required" to administer) either that the same are the sole Property of

Ifany Alien hath the Importer, or of some other of his Majesty's Subjects, and that no Alien or Foreigner hath any pro imereft therein, perty5 Interest, or Concern whatsoever therein; or otherwise, if any Alienor Foreigner hath any Interest that they V ere E or Property therein, then, and in that Case, Proof shall be given by the Importer, to the Satisfaction of the aforesaid Officers of his Majesty's Customs, that the same were really and bona fide hipped in order for direct Importation into Great Britain, on or before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, it shall not he lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to import or enter into any Port of Great Britain any foreign Cambricks or French Lawns, unless Bills of Loading be produced for the same, or such other Proof or Evidence be given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or to the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation, as they hall think sufficient or require, that the said Cambricks or French Lawns were really and bona fide

shipped for direct Importation into Great Britain, on or before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive.

VI. Provided always, That it shall and rriay be lawful to import or enter into any Part of Great Britain after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, any Cambricks, French Lawns,

be irapotted may or other Linen whatsoever, of the kind usually entered under the Denomination of Cambricks, upon the Importer making Oath, 'or if a Quaker Affirmation, that they are intended for Exportation only, the^are sukest" an that they are reahy and bona fide the Property of the said Importer, or of some other of his Majesty's

Piopert^5° J Subjects, and that no Alien or Foreigner hath any Interest or Property therein; and also upon the said

'. Importer giving sufficient Security by Bond, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, or

given that they the Chief Officer or Officers thereof, at the Port of Importation, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

shall he exported and Successors, in double the Value of the Goods so imported, such Value to be ascertained by the Oath in three Years, or Affirmation of the Importer as aforesaid; and which Bonds Oaths, and Affirmations respectively, the proper Officers are hereby authorised and required to receive and administer, for Payment of the Sum of five Pounds for each and every Piece of such Cambricks and French Lawns which hall not he exported out of this Kingdom, within the Term of three Years, after the Entry of the same; anything to the contrary in this present Act in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, That in eale any Piece or Pieces of Cambrick or Lawn so imported as aforesaid,

shall by Fire, or any other unavoidable Accident, be lost or destroyed, then, and in that Case, and upon making Proof of such Lois, to the Satisfaction of his Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs, or of the

Chief Officer or Officers thereof, at the Port of Importation, the said Commissioners or Chief Officer or

No Cambricks, Scc. to be imported till Proof made that they are the Property of his Majesty's Subjects

ihippfd for Importation before May 10, 1745. jmo Foreign Cambricks to be, imported.

Conditions on v/hith Cam

Pieces lost by Fire, C not LI able to the Pe.

Sec farther 24 ptoj, 2. C

510 Geo. 2. c. 15 $zgc9* Z. C 1

Officers are hereby authorised and required to remit to the said Importer the said Penalty of five Pounds payable for each and every Piece not io exported as aforesaid; thing to the contrary in this present Act in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 174, 5. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 37. 6

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for impowering the surviving commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord Widdringtoris Estate, in the County of Northumberland (contracted for by the York Buildings Company) to Trustees for the Creditors of the Laid Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money therein mentioned into his Majesty's Exchequer.

PR.

WHEREAS by an virtue of an Act made an passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for appointing Cotmniffiomr s to inquire of the i Geo. 7. C 50.

elates of certain Traitors, and Pop if Recusants, and cf Efates given to fupcrfiitious Uses, in Order to raise Money out of [them sever ally for the Use of the Public; and of another Act made and passed in the fourth

Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vfling the forfeited elates in Great Bri Geo. 1. c. 3.

tain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the life of the Public; for giving Relief to lawful Creditors,

4 by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the reffective Exchequers the Rents and Pro fits of the fa til estates till sold; all and every the Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Possessions, Royalties, Franchises, J urifdicftions,

Privileges, and Hereditaments whatffiever, and of what Nature or Kind soever they be, in Great Britain,

Ireland, or elsewhere, whereof any Person or Pet Tonnes who, since the twenty-fourth Day ofstine in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, had been attainted or before the twenty-fourth Day of f une.in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, Should be attainted for High Treason committed before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, within Great Britain, or elsewhere, was, were, or Should have been seized or pofi elsed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, on the twenty-fourth Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or at any Time afterwards, in his, her or their own Right, or to his, her or their own Use, or whereof any other Person or Persons was, were, or Should have been seized, or possessed of, or interested in, to the Use of,

or in Trust for them, or any of them, on the said twenty-fourth Day of fune one thousand seven hun dged and fifteen, or at any Time afterwards, were veiled in, and settled upon, Richard Grantham. Esquire,

George Trcly, Esquire, Arthur Ingram Esquire, George Gregory Esquire, Sir Richard Steele Knight, Sir Hcmy Height on Baronet, Patrick Haldane Esquire, Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, Robert Monro Esquire,

Henry Cunninghame Esquire, Denis Bond Esquire, John Birch Sergeant at Law, and Sir John Eylcs haro L net, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and, eighteen, to the end the same might be bargained, sold, disposed of, and applied, by the said Trustees, and the Survivors of them, to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty mentioned, declared, and appointed;

And it was thereby further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, re Tiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, Should, and they were thereby enabled and required to sell all and singular the Estates and Interests vested in them as. aforesaid, and every or any Part or Parcel thereof, to any Person or Persons, being Protestants, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs,

Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (other than the said Commissioners and Trustees, or their Officers respectively, or any others in Trust for them, or any of them) who Should become Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and that the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, residing in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, after causing public Notice to be given, as is therein mentioned, Should expose the same to Sale, in such Parts or Proportions as they Should think convenient, by Cant or Auction, beginning or letting up the same at such Price as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, residing in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively,

4. Should think fit; and that every Person or Persons, who Should thereupon bid most for the fa ce in Sterling Money, over and above the Price so to be set thereon as aforesaid, Should be deemed and reputed to be the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and that the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them residing in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, Should immediately, upon every such Sale or Contract, cause an Entry to be made in their Books of all and every the particular Estates so sold and contracted for, and what Estate and Interest they sold therein, and of the Buyers Names and Places of Abode, and the Prices agreed upon; and for the further Satisfaction of such Buyers or Contractors, if they Should infill thereupon, the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them, rcfi ding in England, Scotland, or Ireland reflectively, Should give a Note in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, unto the several Buyers respectively, expressing the Particulars by them bought, and for what Estate or Interest therein, and the Price or Consideration thereof, and the Time of such Sale or Contract; and thereupon every such Buyer or Buyers Should pay the Price agreed upon into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, at such Time as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or any lour or more of them residing in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively Should appoint; and the said Commissioners and Trustees, or any four or more of them residing in England,

Scotland, or Ireland, respectively, being certified of the Payment thereof into the respective Exchequers,

Should execute an Indenture or Contract of Bargain and Sale of the Parcels so bought and paid for, as t aforesaid, to such Buyer or Buyers thereof, for such Estate or Interest therein, as the said Commissioners 1 4 and

640 c. 37. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A. 0.17452

and Trustees, or any four or more of them, residing in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, should contracted to sell the same; every which laid Indenture or Contract should particularly express or recite the Consideration paid or given for the same, and should thereof acquit and discharge. every inch Purchaser or Purchasers, his and their Heiis, Succeil ors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns:

And it was thereby further enacted, That the Powers thereby given to the said Commissioners and Trustees, should not determine by the Deaths of any one or more of them; and in case of the Death or Deaths of any one or more of the said Commissioners and Trustees, the Survivors of them (being four or more to reside in England, and as many in Scotland) should, and they were thereby required and authorised to execute and perform all the Trusts, Powers, Matters, and Things in the said Acts contained, as fully and effectually, as the whole Number of Commissioners and Trustees thereby appointed,

or any Quorum of them, might execute or perform, if they were all living, as by the said several Acts of Parliament may more fully and at large appear: And whereas William late Lord Widdrington was, af ter the twenty-fourth Day o{'june in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen,

and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, attainted for High Treason, committed before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; was, at the Time of such his Attainder, seized, possessed of, interested in, and entitled unto, in his own Right, or to his own proper Use, of diverse Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate, lying and being in the County of Northumberland, of the yearly Value of one thousand five hundred fifty-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence; and by Force and Virtue of the said Act 4 tainder, and the several Acts of Parliament herein before mentioned, the said several Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments became vested in the said Richard Grantham, George Trcby, Arthur Ingram, George Gregory, Sir Richard Steele Knight, Sir Henry Hoghton Baronet, Patrick Haldane, Sir Thomas Hales, Robert Monro, Henry Cuninghame, Denis Bond, John Birchy and Sir John Eyles, for the several Intents and Purposes in the said Acts of Parliament mentioned: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act of the fourth Year of his said late Majesty, the said Commissioners and Truf tees, or four of them residing in England did, on the thirtieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, at their House in ej/ex Street, in the Parish of Saint Cle ment Danes in the County of Middlesex, put up to Sale by way of Cant or Auction, several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, being the Estate of the said late Lord Widdrington, lying in the Parish of Wooclhorne in the County of Northumberland, specified and described in a Particular or Rental thereof, printed and published by Order and Directions of the said Commissioners, or of four or more of them, and therein mentioned to be of the Rent or Value of one thousand eight hundred and eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence per Annum, exclusive of the Encumbrances charged upon, and affecting the same; and therein mentioned to amount together to the yearly Sum of one hundred twenty-five Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence; and it was, at the Time of putting up the said Estate to Sale, stipulated and prescribed, that the Purchaser of the said Estate should pay one fifth Part of the Purchase Money into the Exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June then next; and the remaining four Fifths into, the said. Exchequer, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing, together with lawful Interest for the same, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the thirtieth Day of the said Month of March to the Day of Payment into the Exchequer; and that the Purchaser should be entitled to the Rents arising from Martinmas then last: And whereas Christian Cole of London, Esquire, for and on the Behalf of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, did on the said thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty bid the Sum of fifty teven thousand one hundred Pounds for the said Estate; Sum being the utmost that was bid for the same, the said Christian Cole was, by the said George Gregory, Henry Cunninghame, Denis Bond, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Eyles, and John Birch, being six of the Commissioners and Trustees residing in England, on the said thirtieth Day of March, deemed and declared to be the belt Purchaser thereof; and the said Commissioners and' 4 Trustees did certify, that they the said Commissioners and Trustees last named had, on the said their' 4 tieth Day of March, contracted to sell the said Estate to the said Christian Cole for the said Sum of fifty seven thousand one hundred Pounds, to hold the said Estate to the said Christian Cole, his Heirs and Af 4 signs for ever; and the said Christian Cole did thereupon agree to pay the Purchase Money for the said Estate, according to the said Conditions of the Sale thereof; and the said Governor and Company, or some of their Officers or Agents, was or were soon after put into the Possession of, and in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates; the said Christian Cole signed a Declaration of Trust on the Back of the said Contrail, declaring that the Purchase therein mentioned to be made by him,

was so made by him for and upon the Account of, and as Agent for the said Governor and Company;

and that the Money paid on Account of the said Purchase, was the proper Money of the said Governor and Company, and thereby defined and authorised the Trustees appointed for that Purpose, to convey to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, the Lands and Hereditaments so by him purchased: And whereas the said Governor and Company, in pursuance of the said Conditions of Sale,

paid on Account of the said Sale, into the Receipt of his said late majesty's Exchequer at Westminster,

4 on the twenty-fifth of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, the Sum of eleven thousand five hundred and fifty six Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence, being one fifth Part of the said Purchase Money apd Interest then accrued due for the same: And whereas the said whole Sum of fifty seven thousand one hundred Pounds so contracted, and agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Premises,

was not paid on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty, pursuant and according to the Terms of the said Contrail, but several considerable Sums of Money have since

been

A.D. 1745. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 38. 641

been paid on Account of the said Sale, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, which including the Sum so paid on the twenty rfifth Day ofjune one thousand seven hundred and twenty, as one fifth Part of the said Purchase Money, amount together to the Sum of fifty one thousand nine hundred seventy two Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence, and the Residue or Surplus of the Purchase Money,

being five thousand one hundred and twenty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence, was re tained by the said Governor and Company, on Account of an Abatement and Allowance craved by them thereout, in respect of several over valuations, which were made in the printed Rental or Par ' ticular, by which the said Estate was purchased: whereas the said Governor and Company being indebted considerably on their Bonds, did by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the seventeenth and eighteenth Days of January one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, convey the said Estate so purchased or contracted for by them as a sore fa id, unto certain Trustees therein named, in Trust to be sold for the Payment of such of the Bond Creditors as had accepted the said Estate as a Security; and the said Trustees were soon after put into Possession of the said Estates: whereas by a Decree of the.

Hight Court of Chancery, made on the twenty-fourth Day of Oflaber one thousand seven hundred and

forty, in a Cause wherein several of the Bond Creditors of the said Company, claiming under the said

were Plaintiffs, and the said Governor and Company, and the said Trustees under the last Convey ance were Defendants, it was ordered and decreed, that the said Creditors were entitled to the Be 1 nefit of the said Trusts, and that an Account should be taken of their Debts, and that the said Estate should be sold for satisfying the same, subjectt to the Demand of the Crown for what remained due of the Purchase Money, and that the Money arising by such Sale (after setting apart thirty thousand Pounds to atifwer the Demands of the Annuitants for Lives charged on the said Company's Estates in Scotland) should be applied in Satisfaction of what should appear to be really and bona fide due to such 1 Bond Creditors of the said Company, 'as were within the Terms and Conditions of the said Trust, and the said Trustees desiring to be discharged of their Trust, it was ordered, that they should be discharged accordingly, and that new Trustees should be appointed in their Stead: And whereas Sir Andrew Chad wick Knight, Samuel Grove Clerk, and another Person since deceased, were in pursuance of the said Order appointed Trustees, in the Room and Stead of the former Trustees so discharged by the said Order, and the said Sir Andrew Chadwick, and Samuel Grove, are now in the Possession of, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, and.'there is now due to the several Creditors of the said

claiming under the said Trust the Sum of one hundred and twenty ofie thousand Pounds, and upwards: And whereas. all, the Trustees of the forfeited Estates appointed by the said Act of Parliament of the fourth Year of his said Majesty King George the First, except the said Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, George Gregory, and Denis Bandy are dead: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money hath accrued and become due for Interest, as well of such Part of the said Principal Sum of fiftyyeven thousand one hundred Pounds, so con trailed to be paid for the Purchase of thepremifi.es, as was not paid into the Exchequer within, the Tiny stipulated and appointed by the said Contrail, as of the said

of five thousand one hundred twenty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence, so remain ing unpaid, and retained by the Purchasers as aforesaid: And whereas the Creditors of the York Build lags Company have proposed, and are willing to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the 'yard Sum of five thousand one hundred' twenty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence, being the Remainder of the principal.money so contracted to be paid for the Purchase of the Estate of the said William, late Lord jvicldrington, in the County of Northumberland, as aforesaid, and they having made their humble Petition and Application to Parliament, for an Allowance and Abatement in respect of the several over charges and over valuations, which were made in the printed Rental or Particular,

by which the said Estate was purchased; for Relief in the Premfiles, the Commons of Great bri tain, in this present Parliament assembled, have taken their Case into Consideration, and have thought

it just and reasonable, that the said Sum of five thousand one hundred twenty seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and twopence, being the principal Money remaining due for the Purchase of the late Lord jviddringtoas Estate, in the County of Northumberland, contracted for by the York Buildings Company, should be accepted in full Discharge of the Purchase Money for that estate, and that the fur viving Commissioners and Trustees for the forfeited Estates should be authorised and empowered to execute proper Conveyances of the said Estate to the Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company,

upon Payment of the said Sum into his Majesty's Exchequer: 'Wherefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, most humbly beseech your Majesty,

That it may be enacted, &c.

"On Payment of 5, 127l. 14*. 2d. into the Exchequer before June 24, 1745, and producing a Voucher "thereof, to the surviving Commissioners of Geo. 1. or their Heirs, they may convey the Estate of the "late Lord Widdrington to Trustees for the Purposes mentioned by Indenture, and Decree of Chancery,

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof.

PR.

4 N

volvi.

Anno

642 C 1 — 5. A.D. 1746.

See 19 Geo. 2. c. 17. and 20 1, 1 Anno decimo nono Georgii II. Regis; C AT (lie Parliament begun and held at Westminster the first Day of December, Anno Domini one i £\_ thousand seven hundred and forty-one, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord 4 GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, De 4 sender of the Faith, isc. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the seventeenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; being, the fifth Session of this present*CAP. I. An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and Government. EXP. 1 whereas a wicked and unnatural Rebellion is begun, and now carrying on, in that Part of this Kingdom called Scotland, by diverse of his Majesty's Subjects, encouraged by his Enemies Abroad, in order to feta Popish Pretender upon the Throne, to the utter Destruction of the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of this free Constitution For the better Preservation of his Majesty's Sacred Person, and the securing the Peace of this Kingdom in a Time of so much Danger, against all traitorous Attempts and Conspirncies whatsoever; Be it enacted, C ct Persons imprisoned for Suspicion of High Treason may be detained without Bail, until the 19th Day of "April 1746. The Scotch Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment suspended. This Adito be in "Force until the 19th Day of April 1746, and no longer. Members of either House of Parliament du "Session, exempted, unless the Consent of the House be obtained. The Horses of suspedied Per 45 fons may be seized; the Owners to pay for their Keeping. Mares in Foie, is'e. excepted. cap. n. An Act to raise the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the month's Pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid; and to raise such Part of the said Militia as shall be judged most proper, ready, and convenient. EXP. " His Majesty may order the Militia to be drawn out into actual Service, at any Time before 30 no- vember 1746. Each Soldier to be provided with one month's Pay in Hand. The Militia of any City, Town, V to march within that Time, as ordered by the King, and the Pay, isfe. advanced "to be repaid in six Months by Assessment." CAP. III. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six. EXP. At 4 s. in the Pound.

CAP. IV. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Alair. Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six. EXP. CAP. V An act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom. His Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to make such Rules from Time to Time, as he shall judge moil expedient, in Great Britain, Ireland, isc. for prohibiting the removing or Sale, isfe. of distempered Cattle; and also for the Burial of the Beasts that die, or are lulled whilst: infected. The Regulations to be notified as his Majesty shall think proper; and read the first Sunday alter the Receipt and every Month while in Force, in all Churches, isc. after Prayers. The Orders, isc. to be kept by the minister, cffc. for Iiifpeftion of the Parishioners, bfc. His Majesty by Proclamation, rriay prohibit the Importation or Exportation of Cattle, Hides, isc. Persons convicted of offending before a Justice of Peace, to forfeit (6l. or be committed for three Months. Persons offending in other Parts of the King's Dominions, to be punished as guilty of a great Misdemeanour. Persons convicted before a Justice, may appeal to the next Sessions, giving Notice to the Justice, isc. and Security for Costs. This Ast and all Rules made thereon, to be in Force for eight Months, and to the End of the then next sc ffion. [Continued and amended 20 Geo. a. C 4. 21 Geo. 2. c. 33. 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. 23 Geo. 2. c. 23. 24 Geo. 2. c. 54. 25 Geo. 2. c. 31. 26 Geo. 2. c. 34. 27 Geo. 2. c. 14. Continued to 1 Sept, -1754, See farther 30 Geo. 2. c. 20. i

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II.

C 6. 643

CAP. VI.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and company of the Bank of England for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for obliging them to advance the Sum of one million upon the Credit of the land-tax and Malt Dudes granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

WHEREAS by Act of Parliament made and passed In the sixteenth Year of his present Ma 16 Geo. a, e.: sv jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon victnailers and Re

of Beer and Ale within the Cities y London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfed thereupon to the Duties for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters by Retail; and also for enabling his majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, to be further charged on the Jaiil Duties for Licences;

it was (amongst other Things] enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, the several Rates and Duties imposed by an Act of twelfth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty Xing George the Eirft, upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale within the Cities of London and Westmivsler, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, Should from thenceforth cease, C determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and it was thereby also enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, the principal Sum of four hundred eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills (Part of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds advanced and lent into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Go

and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, at an In

after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum) made forth in pursuance of the said Act of

twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, which then remained unfadsfied and nndischarged, together with the Interest thereupon, and the Charges of circulating the same, Should be transferred front

the said Rates and Dudes then charged with the same, and be charged (together with the Sum of five hundred and eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, directed to be raised by the before recited Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, towards the Supply for the said Year one thousand seven

and forty-three) upon the Duties granted and made payable to his Majesty, by virtue of ano

there Act of Parliament passed in the said sixteenth year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rcgco.s. cs

certain Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, and m'licences for retailing the same; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to Retail the said Liquors', as in and by the said Act, Rela

tion being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas, in pursuance of the said' first herein re

Act of the said sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, the said Sum of four hundred eighty one thousand four hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills; as also the said further Sum of five hundred and

eighteen thousand six hundred Pounds, amounting together to the principal Sum of one million, were charged upon the said Duties arising by Licences as aforesaid, at an Interest after the Rate of three

Pounds per Centum per Annum; which said Exchequer Bills, by paying off Part of the said principal

Sum, do now amount to no more than the principal Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and'

contented, that the said Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, remaining unsatisfied on the said Duties payable for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, may be cancelled and discharged, and in lieu thereof to accept of an Annuity of thirty-nine

thousand four, hundred and seventy two Pounds, being the Interest on the said Sum at the Rate of four

Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged upon the same Securities; and the said Governor and

Company are also willing to advanee and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, the Sum of one million, upon the credit of the Rates, Duties: and Assessments arising by the Malt and;

Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, at four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for Exchequer Bills to be issued for that Purpose; that they may have ' a Power to ereate arrd dispose of the said Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred

of Bank Stock (to be joined and incorporated with their present Capital) in such Manner, and ' at such Times, as they hall think proper, with such further Powers, Privileges and Advantages, as

been usually granted by former Acts of Parliament on the like Occasions: 'Now we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, thinking it will be of Advantage to: the Publick, to accept the Proposal of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and in lieu of the said Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, to be cancelled as aforesaid, to give and grant unto the said Governor and Company a certain Annuity or yearly Sum herein after mentioned, do most humbly beseech your Ma theeani; to ji jesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the.!i'er "?to'f Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af Exchequer b,: isc sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng for oss.sooi. land, or their Successors, shall, and they are hereby required, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March charged on the which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, to deliver up unto Inch Duties arising by

Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the!, lcenres>tothur

4 N a jjighfcttiewcelw.

644- C 6,

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

The Interest due on Bill?, to be j»*id off.

In 3 tcu of the qs6, So 1.

High Treasurer, or any three 01 more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall] nominate all the said Exchequer Bills charged upon the fid Duties arising by Licences as aforesaid, amounting in the whole to the Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds, to be discharged, cancelled and made void, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said High Treasurer, for the Time being, hall appoint, without issuing again the same, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Interest or Premium which shall be due upon the said Exchequer Bills, to be delivered up to be cancelled, and made void as aforesaid, together with the Charges of circulating the same, hall he fully cleared and paid off; anything in this or any former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ll"l. and. be it further enacted by th'e'a'uthofity aforesaid, That for and in lieu of the said principal Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, herein before t^eeank^m8' ^'ie<^e<^ to delivered up to be cancelled and made void; the said Governor and Company of the Bank Marchic, 174^, England, and their Successors, {laall from and after the said twenty-fifth, Day of March one thousand to receive an An seven hundred and forty six be entitled to have, receive and enjoy, at the said Receipt of his Majesty's unity of 39, 472l. Exchequer, one Annuity or yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, being after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and upon the said principal Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds, to be paid and payable in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Provisoes herein after contained for that Purpose.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said yearly Fund, or Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, is, and hall by virtue of this Act, be charg

The Annuity to ed and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and payable from time.to Time, in the first Place, and with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, out of the Moneys which shall arise into the said Receipt of Exchequer, of or for the duties payable to his Majesty, for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors, and Strong Waters by Retail, in pursuance of the before recited Act of the sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; anything in this or any former Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, shall have, receive and enjoy at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, by and out of the said yearly Fund, established as aforesaid, one Annuity or yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and to be paid and payable to them and their Successors for ever, at the'

at four quarterly fr m usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, The Feasts of the Nativity of Payments, ' Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the.birth: of our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation of the bldted Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first quarterly Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Nativity of Staint John the Baptist, which shall be in the Lid Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, subject nevertheless to the Provisoes of Redemption herein after contained for that Purpose; and that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of thirty nine.thousand four huns from Taxes, dred and seventy two Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free from all Manner of Taxes, impositions or Charges whatsoever::;

VI. And for the better and more regular Payment of the said Annuity of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Suc'

Orders to be ceftors for ever, subject to the Redemption aforesaid, an Order or Orders shall be Signed by the commis signed by the sioners of the Treasury now, or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasury for che j reasurer for the Time being, for the Payment thereof; and after signing thereof, the same shall be good,

until Redemption by Parliament.

be paid with

Preference,

Payment of the Annuity.

valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and hall not be determinable by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them; nor shall any Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Order or Orders so Signed as aforesaid.

VII. And for the more speedy Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, to the said Governor and Company as aforesaid; is hereby declared and enacted, That weekly or otherwise, as the Money of the said Duties shall from Time to Time be brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, the same shall and may be issued upon the said Order, or Orders, for or towards discharging the said Annuity, to grow due for and at the End of the Quarter in which such Paymentshall be made, so as such weekly or other Payments, do not exceed the Sum of the quarterly Payment, which Should grow due for or at the End of every such Quarter respectively.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Annuity of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be adjudged to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times, after the said It the Moneys _ twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, the Produce of the said Duties ari nr.fingby the LI fitig by Licences as aforesaid, hall be so low or deficient, as that the Moneys arisen therefrom into the

frnfps. brin r.,

Money to be paid weekly, fis it shall ajrife.

The Annuity to be personal Estate,

fences, be in sufficient for quarterly pay. fwenfs.

tlle Exchequer at the End of any of the said quarterly Feasts, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the, quarter's Annuity, then due and payable according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; then.

and

A.D. 1746^. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 6: 645

and so often, and in every such Case, the Deficiency of any such Quarter shall and may he supplied out the Deficiency of the overplus Moneys of the said Duties arising in any subsequent Quarter; and in case at any Time to be made gout or Times after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, such pro ojtof the °"cr' duce shall be so low or deficient at the End of any one Year (computing th faine to end at ladyday as that the same shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the whole Years Annuity then Jnqd° .| grown due, then every such yearly Deficiency shall, from time to time, be answered and made good at the end"?the by and out of the first Supplies, which shall be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall Year out of the appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiency shall first Suppliei, happen, then the same shall be made good out of any the Moneys which at any Time or I hues shall be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Exccfics, or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any par or Sinking Fund, ticular Use or Uses by any former at or Adds of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may he from time to time issued and applied accordingly.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Money shall be iltiicd Proviso; out of the said Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be

then after granted in Parliament.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Repayment by Parlia Upon Repayment ment to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, of the said principal

Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds, without any Deduction, Dif of intcrc(?, " II count, or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same, or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of Annuity to cease. the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, then, and not till then, the said Annuity, or yearly Sum, shall from thenceforth cease, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising by the said Duties for Licences by this al, direcstecl to be set apart for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventyttwo Pounds, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future at or alsof Parliament; anything in this, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXII. And in regard it is intended that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, may be redeemed by such Payments as are herein after mentioned, and that as the said principal Money shall be paid off, the said Annuity shall propor tionably fink and be abatedbe it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Upon Payment at any Time or Times after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty of any Sqm? not six. Payment be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England of any Sum or Sums 1afk, han, ors of Money, not less than one Moiety of the said Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds at one Time; and also, if Payment be then likewise made of all Arrears of the said thrj Annuity t Annuity, then from and after such Payment so made, so much of the said Annuity, as shall bear Pro fink in Propor portion to the Moneys so paid in Part of the said whole principal Sum, shall cease, determine, and be un tion. derflood to be redeemed; anything in this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas it is necessary that the said governor and Company should be enabled to serve the Public in such Way and Manner as shall be most safe and convenient for them Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Governor and The Bank mar Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, in case they shall think fit, and not otherwufe, further enuise to admit and take in by Sale, Call, or Subscription (or by such other Ways or Means as they shall judge t, leir proper) from such Person or Persons, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and at such Times as to

they shall think proper, for enlarging their present Capital to any Sum, not exceeding the further Sum of nine hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred Pounds additional Stock (over and above what they are empowered to create by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and from time to time, in a General Court, to declare, order, and make the same or any Part thereof (and from such Time or Times as such General Court shall order and direct) to be added to the present Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company; and that then, and from thenceforth, such Moneys shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, as and for Part of the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company; and the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company shall be proportionably enlarged thereby; subscribersp&c, and that all and every the Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, who shall subscribe, answer, or pay to the loan, to in any Sum or Sums of Money, or for whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been subscribed, an be deemed as fwered, or paid in as aforesaid, towards the making up the said further Sum of nine hundred and eighty of^com^an six thousand eight hundred Pounds. Stock, or such Part thereof for which the said Governor and Como C on1fa'iy' pany shall take in Subscriptions or make such Sale, Call, or other Demand as aforesaid, and who shall huve paid to the said Governor and Company the Sum so subscribed, or outherwife demanded as aforesaid; the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Person and Persons respectively, shall be, and be deemed, and reputed to be Members of, and united to, and incorporated with the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall at all Times, together with the other Members of the said Corporation and Body Politic, and their successors respectively, be, and be adjudged, construed, reputed, accepted, and taken to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and entitled to the same Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, with the present Members of the said Corporation; and that all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, shall be indemnified in making any such'

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

The increased Capital to be transferable;

The Bank to continue a Corporation, C till the Loan is redeemed.

The Bank to lend a Sum not exceeding 1 mi

Payments upon such Calls, Sales, Subscriptions, or otherwise, as aforesaid; Law, Statute, or provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, so increased as aforesaid, shall be assignable and transferable' in the same Manner as the original capital Stock of the said Governor and Company was assignable and

free from Taxes transferable before the making of this Act; and, together with the Produce thereof, shall be free from and higherstamp all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever; the Transfers and Assignments of Stock, or addi duues. tional Stock in the Books of the said Company, shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or

greater Stamp or other Duties, than are now payable for the Transfers or Assignments of their present Stock, or any Part thereof anything in this Act contained, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors shall continue and be a Corporation, and shall enjoy all the Capacities, Powers, Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages to them as a Corporation belonging, until the complete Redemption of the said Annuity or yearly Sum ofithirty nine thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds, according to the before mentioned Provisoes in that Behalf, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same are contained, specified, and expressed in an

ij Ge. Act of Parliament passed in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred cmcl forty-two) or in any other Actor als of Parliament now in Force relating to the said Corporation; any former or other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of '*j. the Bank of England, and their Successors shall, and they are by this Act enjoined and required to advance

and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the Supply for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, any Sum or Sums of Money hot exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million, upon the Credit of the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Assessments, granted to his Majesty by two several Acts of Parliament made and parted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raffed in Great Britain for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and also, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Aialt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Mato be paid as the j*/ty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ir the Treasury shall Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six j which said Sum ofone million, so to be advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Behalf, so as the said Governor and Company be not obliged to pay more than two hundred and fifty thousand without 14 Days Pounds at any one Time or Times, nor without having fourteen Days Notice before each respective Time Nonce. of Payment.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said Sum of one million, or any Part thereof, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, by the said Governor and

The Treasury to Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corn make out Exchc missioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to cause Exchequer Bills to be made forth at the said Receipt, in such Manner as they or he shall think moil safe and convenient, for the said Sum of one million, to be advanced or lent as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to be charged upon and payable out of the said several and respective Rates, Duties, and Assertments, granted by the said two Acts of Parliament herein before recited, together with an interest, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until Repayment of the said principal Sum ofone million, in such Course, Manner, and Form, as are mentioned in the said Acts; and the said Exchequer Bills to be made forth as aforesaid, shall be subject to all such Orders, Rules, Methods Directions, Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are prescribed, enacted, and declared in the said two last recited Acts, or either of them, in relation to Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall make Failure in any of the said Payments, soso by this Act appointed to be made into his Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times to be limited in that Behalf, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's Use by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Ertoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance, in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said Governor and Company of the Bank o(england are indebted to his Majesty the Moneys of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of the Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill Suit or Information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's Ule against the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, Damages after the Rate often Pounds per Centum, for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Costs of Suit; - and the said Governor

lion, on the Land Tax and ivialt A 5

19 Geo. 2. c. 3, 19 Geo. 2. 0.4,

direct that no more than 250,000l. at one Time be demanded, nor

quer Bills,

subject to the Rules prescribed in the recited Acts.

The Bank may be sued for Nonpayment,

and 1*1. percent. Damages recoverable.

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds, C mtrnr.g vjr.k shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto. /« fuller4.

G. 1. C 4.

CAP. VII.

An act for adjourning the Court of Session in Scotland; and for remedying the inconvenion cies arising from the Surceafe of Justice in that Part of the Kingdom.

WHEREAS a most audacious and execrable Rebellion has broke out in Scotland, and a Number of rebellious Traitors did, on or about the sixteenth of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, obtain Possession of the City of Edinburgh, where his Majesty's Signet is kept, and which is the ordinary Place of the Meeting of the Court of Session of Scotland for the Administration of Justice:

whereas the said Rebellion does (till continue, whereby the Senators or Judges of the said Court 1 of Session, and the other Members thereof, have been prevented from meeting and sitting, and his Majesty's loyal Subjects have been prevented from commencing and prosecuting their Addons and Suits in the said Court of Session, and in the other Courts of Law, and cannot conveniently attend the said Court while the said Rebellion continues May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Meeting and Sitting of the said Court of Session in Scotland, for the Administration of Justice, be, and the same is hereby adjourned, from the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive unto the first Day of June next.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time and Space betwixt the said sixteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall not be reckoned in any short Prescription, but shall be deduced from the same.

The Sitting of the Court of Session adjourned from Nov. i, 1746, unto 1 June.

The intermediate Time between 16 Sept, 1745. and 1 June, 1746, to be deduced.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Adjudications, Confirmations of causesdepending Testaments, Registrations, Redemptions, and others, which by Law, or by the Agreement of Parties, upon 1 Nov. might and ought to have been deduced, expede, or performed within a limited Time, that the aforesaid i.745> con" Time and Space between the said sixteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, suteupoa and the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall not be reckoned or, auene counted; and that all Actions and Causes commenced, intended, or depending before the said Court of in which they Session, upon the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, hall be continued, were upon r and be in the same State and Condition upon the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and Nov forty six, in which they respectively were upon the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, or at any Time from the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive to the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six; any Law, Statute, custom, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, An Act for regulating elehions within the City of London; and for preferring the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City; as relates to the making or passing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances in Common Council.

TT T WHEREAS y a Clause in an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty n Geo. i. c.is, King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London;

and for preferring the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City; it is enacted, That no Ad,

Order, or Ordinance whatsoever, at any Time, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five, shall be made or passed in the Common Council of the said City, with the Assent of the Mayor and Aldermen present at such Common Council, or the major Part of

them; nor without the Assent of the Commons present at such Common Council, or the major Part of them.: And whereas the said recited Clause has by no Means answered the good Ends and Purposes thereby intended; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clause shall be, and is hereby repealed, The clause re from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand pealed.

seven hundred and forty six.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy War against his Majesty; and for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors In Trials for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS a horrid and unnatural Rebellion and War has been openly and traitorously raised and levied against his Majesty within this Realm, and is still continued, with Design to depose ' and murcher his moult Sacred Majesty, and to feta Popish Pretender, bred up and instructed in Romish

and arbitrary Principles, on the Throne of these Realms: And whereas great Numbers of such as have joined in the said Rebellion, have been, by his Majesty's Vigilance and Care, lately seized, and for fafcr Custody, necessarily distributed into several Pfifons, in different Counties or Shires of this Realm: And whereas others of the said Rebels have been, and may be, in order to lay open and discover the Foundations and Causes of the said Rebellion and Treasons, brought up to London,

and Parts adjacent, in order to be examined: And forasmuch as Bills of Indictment, as the Law now stands, aie to be found in the Counties or Shires where the said Treasons are committed; but as it will be very inconvenient to the public Justice of the Nation, that the Judges should remain so long in the said Counties or Shires, as will be necessary for the trying of the said Offenders, soit will be very burdensome and 'grievous to the Freeholders of the same Counties or Shires to attend so many Trials as may be necessary to be had for the Safety of the publickto the End therefore that the said Of -- fenders may not conceive any hope of Impunity, from the Distance of the several Counties or Shires where the said Treasons are committed, and that Justice may more speedily and securely be administered against the said Offenders, and proper Examples made in such seasonable Time, as may be a Means to suppress the Remains of the said Rebellion, and preserve the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms; Be it enacted, C "

"said Offenders now in Custody may be proceeded against, and tried in such County, cas his Majesty shall appoint. No Challenge for the County to be allowed. Peers to be tried by their "Peers, The Place of Trial not to be altered, unless the Person be proved to have been in Arms, C

EXP.

IV. And whereas Difficulties may occur in Trials for High Treason, and Misprision of Treason, In e that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with respect to the Qualifications of Jurors to be summoned Qualification of and returned on such Trials For Remedy thereof. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in land " st0t" Times hereafter, every Person maybe summoned and returned to be a Juryman in Trials for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall at the Time of such Trial, be possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands or Tenements, as Proprietor or life renter within the shire, Stewartry, or Place where any such Trials shall be, or from whence the Jury is to come, of the yearly Value of forty Shillings Sterling at least, or valued at thirty Shillings Sterling per Annum in the Tax Roll of the same Shire or Stewartry; and for want thereof, or for any other lawful Cause, shall be subject to be challenged and set aside -

A P. X

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market harborough to Loughborough in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual.

PR.

The Act 12 Geo. 1. c. 5. continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XI.

An An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

EXP.

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 64.9

CAP. XII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Moneys advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament act embled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, in the most safe, easy, and expeditious Manner we are able, have unanimousty resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective new and additional Rates and Duties herein after expressed, and to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Crown, Plate, Flint, and other Glass, and all Bottles and flasks, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or'

Law whatsoever iniposed upon or payable for the same) the l'several and respective additional Rates or new Duties herein after expressed; is to say,

For and upon all Crown, Plate, and Flint Glass, which shall be imported and brought into Great Bri Duty upon tain as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Pence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or Crcw", Plate, lesser Quantity; and for and upon all Green Glass or other Glass which shall be imported and brought f1'n, egla^tj into Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of twopence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a other ctaf" -" greater or lesser Quantity; and for and upon all Bottles and Flasks, containing the Quantity of a Quart and Bottles respectively, which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shil imported, lings, per Dozen; and for and upon all Bottles and Flasks, containing more or less than a Quart, which shall be imported and brought in as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings for every Dozen Quarts, be the Quantity of Bottles, containing the same, greater or lesser.

The said several and respective Rates and Duties, for and upon all such Glass or Bottles, or Flasks, to be imported or brought in as aforesaid, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day additional duty of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there shall be raiftd, levied, collected, and paid, unto on materials. and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which shall hereafter be made Use of in the making of all Crown, Plate, and Flint Glass, and all White Glass, by what Name soever it now is, or hereafter may be called or known; anti of Common Bottles, and all other Green Glass in Great Britain (over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law whatsoever, imposed upon or payable for the same) the several and respective additional Rates or new Duties herein after expressed; is to say,

For and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they Duty on mate now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all rials cof Crown, Plate, and Flint Glass, and all White Glass, by what Name soever it now is, or hereafter may fkn^'ndwh to be called or known, the Sum of nine.shillings and fourpence for every hundred Weight, and after that glass)a"'S Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

And for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever and on Bottles, they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made Use of in the making of and Green Glass, Common Bottles, and all other Green gl^fs, the Sum of two Shillings and fourpence for every hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lelfer Quantity.

The said respective Duties for and upon all such Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, Duty to be paid' so to be made use of in the making of such Glass respectively, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof by the Maker, respectively.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Crown, Plate, Flint, or othrr Glass imported, Gjafs, or such Bottles or Flasks so imported as aforesaid, shall be landed, or put on Shore out of any and landed before Ship or vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse, in the Port or Place where the Entry, C same shall be imported, and the Duties hereby imposed shall be paid or secured, or without a Warrant Vol. VI 4 Q for

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1745.

forfeited,

Duties how recoverable.

2 W. 3c M. ft. 2. t. 4.

Officers in England to minage the Duties of cja's imported there;

and in Scotland, Officers there;

Duties on Glass made m England, to ue under the Officers there; rnd in Scotland, iteuier the offi ecu there.

Mahers of Class to enter their kvmes^ve. a the Exctfe Office;

Penalty of not making a true Entry.

Notice to be given to the Officer sri Writing;

Penalty,

[Proviso.]

New Notice to it given for the landing or delivering of the same, first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, that all such imported Goods as shall be so landed, or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall or may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof (to vjit) One Moiety of the same to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the said Goods so imported and forfeited, or the Value thereof in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no eitoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon imported Glass, by this Act granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in the same Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Rules and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the present Duties upon imported Manufactures of Glass are in and by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, to be raised, levied, collected, and paid; and that such of the said Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Glass, as shall arise in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Glass, as final I arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Cuiloms in Scotland for the Time being; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of hismajesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

V. And for the better ascertaining, charging, levying, or securing the several Duties by this Act im pof d upon all the Metal, Materials, and other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all Crown, Plate, and Flint Glass, and all White Glass, by what Name soever it now is, or hereafter may be called or known, and of all common Bottles, and all other Green Glass according to the true Meaning of this Act; and for preventing of all Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties by this Act granted, as are or shall be chargeable upon such Metals, Materials, and other Preparations soused in the making of Glass as aforesaid, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of ex cife in England for the Time being; and such of the Duties as are imposed by this Act upon such Metals, Materials, and other Preparations soused in the making of Glass as aforesaid in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, who are hereby respectively empowered to appoint proper Officers for charging, collecting, and receiving the same; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Glass shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, make an Entry in

L iting a the Office of Excise, next to the Place where such Glass shall be made, of the respective Name o such Maker, and of all his or her Furnaces, Pots, pot chambers, ware houses, Rooms and other Places for making or keeping of Glass, or of Materials mixed and prepared for making of Glass, and shall not use any Pot or Pots for the preparing or making of Glass, without first giving Notice thereof to the proper Officer for the said Duties, so that he may weigh, gauge, and take an Account of the same; and if my Maker of Glass shall make use of any Furnace, Pot, pot chamber, ware house, Room, or other Place for making or keeping of Glass, or of Materials mixed and prepared for making of Glass, without making such Entry thereof as aforesaid, or shall use any Pot or Pots for the preparing or making of Glass, without first giving Notice thereof to the proper Officer for the said Duties, so that he may weigh, gauge, and take an Account of the same as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Offender therein, for cve y such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; the one Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Maker of Glass, before he, she or they do, or shall begin to fill or charge any Pot or Pots for making of Glass, shall by the Space of twelve Hours next before the Beginning of every such Filling or Charging, give to the Officer or officers of the Division or Place where such_glass is intended to be made, Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when, and at which such Filling or Charging is intended to be begun, with an Account of the true Weight of the Metal or Preparation to be made use of, and the Species of Glass so to be made; on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds, at every Time or Times when any such Filling or Charging Hi all he begun, without first giving such Notice as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, That if such intended Filling or Charging of such Pot or Pots, whereof such Notice shall havejieen given, shall not be begun pursuant to such Notice, then, and in every such Case and Cases, such Notice or Notices respectively, shall be null, void, and of no Effect; and every Maker of Glass whatsoever, who after the Expiration of such Times mentioned in such Notice, shall begin, to fill or Charge such Pot or Pots, without having first given a New or other like Notice as aforesaid of his,

her

Anno decimo nono Georgii II.

C 1 2.

ami to m It? Upturn ioiiiccoi.i missioners, i.

Penalty on Officer's refuhnig 10

her or their Intention to fill or charge such Pot or Pots, with an Account of the true weight of the Metal, or Preparation to be made use of, and the Species of Glass so to be made, filial 1 in every such Case, incur, and be subject to the like Penalty and Forfeiture, as if he, she, or they had not thereof given any Notice at all.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of the said 9: Tier: to, "'v'

Duties, shall, at all Times by Day or by Night, be permitted upon his, or their r(.quell, to enter into at' "1

tue work house, ware house, or other Place or Places for making or preparing of Glass belonging to or "' used by any Person, who on and after the said twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall be a Maker or Makers of any Glass whatsoever, and to weigh, or otherwise take an Account of the just Quantity of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Glass, before the same be put into such Pot or Pots, and to examine, gauge, or otherwise take an Account of the just Quantity of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Glass, after the same shall have been put into such Pot or Pots, and shall thereof respectively make Return or Report in Writing, to the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or such as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) in Writing, under his or their Hand, with or for such Maker or Makers of Glass respectively; and such Return or Report of the said Officer or Officers, whether made from the Weight of the Metal and Materials so mixed and prepared before the same shall be put into the Pot or Pots, or from the Account so taken in the Pots, shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Glass respectively; and if the said Officer or Odicers shall re^or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Receipt in Writing, with or for such Maker or Makers i)av. a copy 01 of Glass, at the Time of taking such Account upon Demand as aforesaid, every such Officer or Officers ins Repori. for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker or Makers of Glass respectively.

X Provided always, That every Officer who shall be empowered to make such Charge as aforesaid, officers tote shall in the first Place be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, and the Oath in that Be sworn. half shall and maybe administered by all or any of the Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or by (

any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof; and all and fnia^'ers we?*his every such Maker and Makers of Glass respectively, are hereby required to keey> sufficient and just Scales a"nj scales, and Weights, at the Place or Places where he, she or they do make such Glass, and permit and assist to aflifttheoffi the Officer to make use thereof for the Purposes of this Act, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to be forcer. feited and lost for not keeping such Scales and Weights, or for not permitting and assisting the Officer to pedalry use the same as aforesaid.

XI. And whereas Pots used for the preparing and mixing of Metal and other Materials for making Pots breaking,

of Glass, after the same )bre so filled or charged, sometimes happen to crack or break whilst the Mate when rials are in such Pot or Pots, with an Intention to be made into Glass, whereby the whole or some Part ch3r&ed

of the said Materials are lost, or become unfit for the making of such Glass; 'It is therefore hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case where the whole or any Part of such Materials shall be lost, or become unfit for the Purpose aforesaid, by such cracking or breaking of the Pots, upon due Proofs thereof made to the Satisfaction of the respective Commissioners of Excise in the Great Britain, where such glasshouses or work houses shall be situated, such Allowance shall be made ^' "swtn^af^ to the said Makers of Glass in respect of such Loss as aforesaid, as by the said Commissioners of Excise the Lors. respectively shall be judged proper and reasonable.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Maker of Glass, or any other Person or Persons, shall ob Penalty on ob^or hinder any of the said Officers in the Execution of any of the Powers given to him or them by ftn»£tmgofficers; this Act, for ascertaining and securing the said Duties upon Glass, the Person or Persons so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Glass, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall make or cause to be made any Glass in Makers of Glass London, or in any Parts within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall monthly and every in London. Month, and all and every Person or Persons who shall make or cause to be made any Glass in any other Part of Great Britain, shall once in every six Weeks make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office of and in other Excise for the said Duties, of the true Quantities of the Metals and Materials mixed and used in each re Parts of Great spective Making of Glass within such Month or LIX Weeks respectively; on Pain of forfeiting for every Britain, when to Neglect of Entry twenty Pounds; which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Glass, "elt Ea' ot* by their Clerk, Workman or Servant employed in making the same, according to the hest of their p s'. Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Clerk, Workmen or Servant be a known §hiaker, and the rena y' foleinn Affirmation of such Maker, Clerk, Workman or Servant, to the same Effect, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath, and the said Entries, Oaths and Affirmations to verify the same, shall for such Entries, Oaths and Affirmations, as shall be made within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with and administered by such Officer or Officers as oaths by whom shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them for the Time to be admini being, who shall attend at the General Excise Office in London for that Purpose; and for all such En fared, tries, Oaths and Affirmations as shall be made in all other Parts of Great Britain with or by the respective Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Glass shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

4 O z

XIV. Pro

65 2 C I 2.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 174-6.

Makers of Glass, whrre to make their Entries.

Glass Maker V hen to pay the Duties.

Penalty,

Exportation of Class.

Glass hipped for Exportation, and rclaneed 5

[Penalty.]

Debenture and Drawback on Glass exported.

Exporter to make <jarh.

Debenture.

Allowance,

No foreign giaf3 to be imported into Ireland.

[Penalty.]

Makers of Ships carrying Glass, to take a Duplicate ot Contents.

XIV. Provided always, That no Malfer of Glass shall be obliged to go or send farther than the Market Town where his or her Glass is made, or the next Market Town to the Place where his or her Glass is made, for the making of such Entries as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make or cause to be made any Glass in London, or within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall within four Weeks, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make or cause to be made any Glass in any other Part of Great Britain, shall within six Weeks after he, she or they shall make, or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties for Glass, which shall be due from him, her or them respectively; that all and every such Maker of Glass, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty, whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by this Act payable for any Quantity of Glass whatsoever, made from any of the Materials charged as aforesaid, and to and for any other Person or Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such Quantity of Glass, from the said Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Glass for any foreign Parts by way of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantity of Glass, which shall be intended to be ex poited as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain, which Security the Customer or Collector of the respective Fort for such Exportation, is hereby directed and authorised to take in his Majesty Name and to his Use.

XVII. Provided always, That if after the shipping of any such Glass to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowances or Drawbacks herein after mentioned, the Glass so shipped to be exported, or any of it, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the g^fs which shall be landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XVIII. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons, who shall export any Glass to any

foreign Parts, shall or may make Proof upon Oath, or by such Affirmation as aforesaid, that the duty of such Glass hath been paid according to this Act (which Oath or Affirmation the Collector who received the said Duty is hereby required and empowered to administer) and thereupon the said Collector for the said Duty upon Glass, shall give to such Person or Persons gratis a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the Kinds and Weight of such Glass, and the Duties paid for the same, pursuant to this Act; which Certificate being produced to the Customer or Collector of the Port where the said Glass shall be exported, and Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, being also made by the Exporter, before the said Customer or Collector of the Port (who is hereby also authorised and required to administer the same without Fee or Charge) that the said Glass so exported is the same mentioned in the said Certificate, 'then the said Customer or collector of the Port where such Glass shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Weight of the Glass so exported; which Debenture being produced to the Collector, appointed to receive the said Duties upon Glass, in such County or Place where the said Glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same, a Drawback or Allowance of nine Shillings and fourpence per Hundred Weight for all Crown, Plate, Flint or White Glass; and two Shillings and fourpence per Hundred Weight for all Green Glass made in Great Britain; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the said respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said Debenture out of the Duties upon Glass arising by this Act; anything in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding:

And whereas the Importation of Glass into Ireland from foreign Parts, and the Exportation of Glass from Ireland, may be of great Prejudice to the Manufacture of Glass in Great Britain, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall import, or cause to be imported into the Kingdom of Ireland, any Crown, Plate or Flint Glass, or White Glass, by what Name soever it is, or hereafter may be called or known, or any common Bottles, or other Green Glass, or any Glass of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, other than the Manufacture of Great Britain. And if any Crown, Plate or Flint Glass, or White Glass, or any common Bottles, or other Green Glass, or any Glass of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, other than the Manufacture of Great Britain, shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel in Ireland, all such Glass, of what kind soever, as shall he so landed, or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel in Ireland, shall be forfeited and destroyed within ten Days after the same shall be lawfully condemned; and also the Ship or Vessel in which the same was imported, be forfeited, with her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture; and the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, and every other Person or Persons concerned in importing of the same, or that shall have been aiding or assisting in the landing or putting the same on Shore, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight thereof; and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XX. And for the more effectually preventing of such Importation of foreign Glass into Ireland, it is hereby further enacted, That the Master of every Ship or Vessel which shall carry.any Crown, Plate or Flint Glass, or White Glass, or any common Bottles, or other Green Glass, or any Glass of any Kind

ox

653

ft. D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.

or Denomination whatsoever, to Ireland, hall take from the Collector or Comptroller of the Port of Great Britain, where he hall lade any such Glass, a Duplicate of his Contents in Writing of all the Glass taken or laden on board his Ship or vessel, before he be permitted to sail out of the Port, under the llan and Seal of such Collector or Comptroller of the said Port of Great Britain, which said Duplicate shall be delivered to the Master of every such Ship or vessel without Fee or Reward; and that every such Master of every such Ship or Veiled shall deliver upon Oath such Duplicate to the colk dtor, Comp to de, 'wr rn troller or other Officer of the Customs in such Port in Ireland, where such Ship or vefl cl shall arrive, and^'\7throii -- intends to unlade, before he be permitted to land any such Glass. And that in case any Glass of any cf^ihc p. n

Kind or Denomination whatsoever, shall be unladen or landed in any Part of Ireland, before such Du where he jrriwi, plicate is produced to the Collector, Comptroller or Officer 'as aforesaid, all such Glass shall be forfeited and destroyed within ten Days after the same shall be lawfully condemned; and also the Shi;,) or Vessel in which the same was imported, be forfeited, with her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture; and the Master Penalty, of such Ship or vessel, and every other Person or Persons concerned in importing of such Glass, or that hall have been aiding or assisting in the landing or putting the same on Shore, hall forfeit and pay the Sum often Shillings for every round Weight thereof; and foin Proportion for every greater or lei's Quantity.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after the first: Day of May one r'c', "om. co" w thousand seven hundred and forty six, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall directly or indirectly ex port, transport, ship off, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, hipped off, f.'om frel, nd. carried or conveyed, or shall be any Ways aiding or assisting in the exporting, transporting, Slipping off, carrying, or conveying out of the Kingdom of Ireland, any Crown, Plate, or Flint Glass, or White Glass, by what Name soever it is, or hereafter may be called or known, or any Common Bottles, or other Green Glass, or any Glass of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, or shall directly or indirectly load, or cause to be laden upon any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage, or load or lay on Board, or cause to be laden or laid on Board, in any Ship or Vessel, in any Place or Port, within or belonging to the Kingdom of Ireland, any such Glass as aforesaid, with Intent or Purpose to export, transport, ship off, carry or convey the same, or cause the same to be exported, transported, hipped off, carried or conveyed out of the Kingdom of Ireland, or out of any Port or Place belonging to the same, or with Intent or Purpose that any Person or Persons whatsoever should so export, transport, ship off, carry or convey the same out of the Kingdom of Ireland; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, for Penalty feit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight of Glass, of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, so exported, transported, shipped off, or carried, conveyed, or laden, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all the Glass of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, so exported, transported, hipped off, or carried, conveyed or laden, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited and destroyed within ten Days after the same shall be lawfully condemned; and all and every Ship or Vessel, Barge, Boat, or other Bottom whatsoever, wherein any such Glass shall be hipped or laid on Board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall likewise be forfeited, with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners and Sub Commissioners, of of Excise respectively, in their respective Limits and Districts in Ireland, or the major rinr njn0p. Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all Offences again! this Act, fences against: relating to the Exportation or Importation of Glass; which Commissioners or sub of shall this act there, and may proceed in a summary Way, and give Judgement or Sentence, and levy the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted on such Offenders, in such or the like Manner as they are enabled to proceed, give Judgement, and levy the Penalties and Forfeitures in Cases of Excise in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force in that Kingdom; one Moiety of which Penalties and Forfeitures shall Forfeitures <bf» be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers, or any other P"

Person or Persons, who shall seize, discover, inform or sue for the same.

XXIII. And whereas there may have been Contracts or Bargains made for the Purchase and' Sale of

Home made Glass and Glass Bottles, to be delivered and received at future Times after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, which Contracts or Bargains,

by reason of the Duties on Glass and Glass Bottles hereby imposed, cannot be complied with by the Sellers without great Loss and Damaga; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts or Bargains, made or to be made before the find twenty-fifth Day of March one Contrafis madi thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the Purchase and Sale of Home made Glass or Glass Bottles, 'e

to be delivered and received at any future Time or Times, which shall not be performed and complied not^fformed with on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall before that be and are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no Effect: And in case any Sum or Sums of Time, null. Money shall have been advanced and paid by any Purchaser or Purchasers, for or on Account of any Moneys adduced' Home made Glass or Glass Bottles, which shall not be delivered on or before the said twenty-fifth fr g'afs not ie Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, all such Sums of Money shall be forthwith !'j=rej* b.et"ore g repaid to the Person or Persons who hall have advanced and paid the same, together with legal Interest: to be returned for the same, from the Time and Times that such Sum or Sums of Money hall have been respectively., advanced and paid..'with Interest.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall, from and after Additional dj the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, be raised, levied, col lfitu0bs

ledted, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the several Spirituous Liquors made, iq!'0t5'

extracted,

654 C 12. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

For former Laws extracted, and manufactured in Great Britain, and herein after mentioned, specified, and enumerated /" (over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions by any former acts of Parliament thereupon re rrfcr toi Car. spectively set, rated, and imposed) the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned and ex z. C 23 & 24- preiled; that is to say,

a 2 Car. 2. t. 4.

2 TV. (& MST. 2. C 9. 3 6? 4 TV. & M. C 15, 7 & 8 TV. 3, C 30. 8 £?9TV, 3. C 19, 10 11 TV. 3. C 4 21. 12 3. C 11. 1

St. 2. £ 14. 4 Am C 12. 12 ft. 2. C 3. 3 Geo. r. C 4. 6 Geo. r. C zi. 8 Geo. 1. C i8, 11 Geo. l.'c. 30. 2 go. z. 28. 6 gp. 2.

C 17* 7 2* C 14*9 Geo. 2. c. 23. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 11 G. 2. C 26, 15 Geo. 2. c. 25. 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. 17 go, 2. C 17,

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extradition, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, threepence.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn only from any Sort of Drink or Wash, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, other than except Brewers Wash or Tilts, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Halfpenny.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Halfpenny.

For every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort or Kind of English) Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Farthings.

For every Gallon of Spirits made in Great Britain, of any Kind of Wine or Cyder imported, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, threepence.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Aqua Vita, made for Sale of any other Materials, to be paid by the Distillers or makers thereof, three Halfpence.

Duties on Spirituous Liquors made in England, payable there. Duties in Scotland, payable there.

Commissioners may appoint Officers.

Drawback on Exportation.

Limitation of the additional Duties.

Duties on me jafte3 Spirits.

See farther 2d Geo. a C 39. 24 Geo. 2. c. 40.

26 Geo. 2. C j3.

27 Geo. 2. C II

XXV. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying, and securing the Rates and Duties by this act imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this act granted, as are charged upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenues of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties as are imposed by this act upon Spirituous Liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and all Moneys arising by the said Duties in Great Britain, or any Part thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster. distinctly and apart from all other Branches, of the Public Revenues, subject and liable to such Uses, Applications and Purposes, as are herein after mentioned.

XXVI. And for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits drawn or made from the Materials aforesaid. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there shall be a Drawback or Allowance of the several and respective Duties, charged by this act on Spirits that shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Oath being made before any two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, or justices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any such Spirits are intended to be exported, that the Duties of the same are duly entered and paid, and that the same are exported for Merchandise to be spent beyond the Seas; and upon producing a Certificate under the Hands of the Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits were shipped off, the Quantities so shipped, and that the same were shipped in the Presence of such Officers, the Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons exporting the same, shall be allowed or paid back by the Commissioners of Excise, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spit its shall be shipped off, the several Duties charged thereupon by this act accordingly.

XX

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge with any of the additional Duties, directed to be paid, levied or received as aforesaid, any Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction made or drawn from Melasses only; but that the same shall remain liable only to and chargeable with the Duty of twelve Pence, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, so made or drawn from Melasses only; and that all Spirits from such Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Melasses only, shall remain liable unl.y to and chargeable with the Duty of sixpence per Gallon.

31 Geo. z, C 36. 32 Geo. 2. c. 29. 33 Geo. 2. C9Gf 28.

Powers, see.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, au of this Act. thorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in ia.car.2. C 24. and by an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and purveyance, find for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force, relating

655

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.

lating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases, lor which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prefer!bed by this at) hall be exercised, praibiled, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Glafj, and upon Spirituous Liquors hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Add, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if. all and every the said Powers, Authoring,

Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties Fine:, tic. hrw and Forfeitures by this at iniposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such Ways, to b. c. levied, C Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any

Law or Laws of Excise, or by this Act, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jvtjhmnjier, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat there shall be provided and kept Books tole kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer at. jfeftminjhr, a Book or Books, in j?rr!'tcr, nb " h which all the Moneys hereby appointed to be paid into the Receipt as aforesaid, hall be entered separate j C "aclse, ttc V and apart from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majestyq his Heirs or successors, upon any Account whatsoever; the said Money so appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be the yearly Fund for the several and respective Purposes herein after mentioned.

xxxf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities which The Annuities by this A CL dial 1 be granted and made payable, in respect of the principal Sum of three millions, to be fr3nlcj by thlj raised in such Manner and Form as is herein after directed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, as oofihc'm' also the several and respective other Annuities by this Act made payable at the said Receipt of his Ma' '

Exchequer, during the Lives of the several Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, or the Lives of their respective Nominees, shall be charged or chargeable upon, and payable out of the said several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act: granted to his Majesty; the said new and additional Rates and Duties shall be, and are hereby appropriated for those Purposes accordingly.

XXXII. And for or towards raising the said Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Towards raising said Sum of three millions, for the Purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority 3,000,000l. any aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bo pc3rfonf(, C dies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay unto the first or chief cahier or cahiers of ^7caa^enrccof0 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, at or before the respective Days the Bank, and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two millions 1,500,000l. for five hundred thousand Pounds, in Part of the said whole Sum of three millons, for the absolute purchal tlle i'unhafc of of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand ^nru, tj' seven hundred and forty six, and to be paid and payable to such Contributor or Contributors, or such as 1746/' he, he or they shall nominate his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors and a/signs re speflively, in Manner herein after mentioned 5 so as such cahier or cahiers do first give Security, to The Cashier to the good Liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury' now being, or the High sive Security, Treasurer, or commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for duly answering and paying inro and account., the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the public Use, the Moneys io to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the same; which Annuities before mentionedshall be computed at the The Annuities to Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportionably for any 'i6 at.4ier, Sent' greater or lesser Sum so to be advanced and paid; and the Purchase Money for every such Annuity, at hen payable the Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the said cahier or Cashiers as aforesaid, at or " P before the respective Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, One fifth Part thereof on or before such Day or Time as shall be appointed by the commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; one tenth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; one other tenth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of "June then next ensuing; other fifth Part thereof on or before the twenty second Day of August then next ensuing; other tenth Part thereof on or before the twenty second Day of September then next ensuing; aether tenth Part thereof on or before the twenty first Day of October then next ensuing; and the remaining fifth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of December then next following: All which Annuities rey Annuities, so to be purchased, hall be paid and payable at two of the most usual seals or Days ofablehali' yeatly; Payment in the Year; that is to say, The Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and of the Birth of our Lord Christ, by even and equal Portions, or within six Days after every of the said Feast Days; the first Payment thereof to be computed and paid at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum on the whole Sum to be paid by such Contributors, for the Purchase of any Part of the said Annuities, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six unto the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, or within six Days after the said Feast Day: Nevertheless, the said Annuitiesshall be redeemable, redeemable according to the Purport and true Meaning of a Proviso or Condition herein after contained in that Behalf, and not otherwise; and the said Cashier or cahiers of the said Governor and Company V of

656 C 12.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

Names of Con

of the Bank of England for the Time being is and are hereby authorised and required, upon advancing and paying to him or them any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, forthwith to give a Receipt in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, for each Payment, to the Contributor or Payer thereof (which Receiptsshall be assignable by Endorsements thereupon made) at any Time before the twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and no longer; and from time to time to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the Moneys which he or they hall receive of or for the said Sum, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, as sail as he or they hall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the farthest, and to account for all the Moneys so to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Governor

or

Books, in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors for such Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid; to which Book or Books it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, from time to time, at all seasonable Times to have Resort, and to inspect the r *- r 'i*' >' rr" " n " or

cnccrcdtn^a Book an Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, there shall be provided and kept a Book

in the Office of the Accomptant General of the Bank

to. be inspected

Accomutairt Gc same, without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accomptant General for the Time Being shall, on ncraito iranfniit before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, transmit an attested a Duplicate into Duplicate fairly written upon Paper, of the faittboolc or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the re ^udhor efthe cett f his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

Exchequer.

Contributors paying the purchase Money,

C

receive their Annuities,

Annuities to be transferrable.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act duly paying the whole Cdnsideration pr Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective days and Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for such An or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, he or she shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, sit all have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Adito have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and hall have good and sure Estates and Interests therein for ever, subject only to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption, in this Act afterwards contained concerning the same y and that all the several and respective Annuities, payable in pursuance of this Act, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum peri Annum, on all and

free fromtaxis, cveiy the principal Sums for which the same are to be payable, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XXXV. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall become interested in, or entitled to any Annuity or Annuities, Part of the said Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to be subscribed for in pursuance of this Act, hall upon completing the Payments of the whole Purchase Money; payable in respect thereof, have such respective Sums, as they hall become interested in, or entitled unto, forthwith placed to the Credit of the said Contributors, and made transferrable in the Books of the Bank of England, by this Act appointed to be kept for that Purpose. 1; V

u>rs on Failureot

XXXVI. Provided also, That in Case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who hall on or before such Payment of the Day or Time, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of the treasury, or the said High trea whole Purchase surer for the Time being, as aforesaid, have advanced to the said Cashier or Caftiiers, one fifth Part of his, her or their Purchase Money, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, 'Successors, or Assigns, do not advance and pay to the Cashier or Caftiiers, one tenth Part of his, her, or their consideration Money so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; one other tenth Part thereof, on or before the twentieth Day of June then next ensuing; other fifth Part thereof, on or before the twenty second Day of agu/l xht n next ensuing; one other tenth part thereof on or before the twenty second Day of September then next ensuing; other tenth Part thereof on or before the twenty first Day of October then next ensuing; the remaining fifth' Part thereof on: or before the twentieth' Day of December then next following; then, and in every such case respectively, so much of the Consideration Money, as has been paid shall have been actually paid in part thereof only to the said Cashier or Gafhiers1 for such respective' Annuity, hall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding -

remaining '

XXXVII. And whereas it is intended, That the Stun of five hundred thousand Pounds, being the cco.ooooi. to be residue of the said Sum of three millions already charged by this act, 'upon the said new and additional Rates and Duties, appropriated for Payment thereof, in Manner before directed and appointed, C shall be raised by way of a Lottery, for the Purchase of Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, in Manner hereafter mentioned; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Annuities becoming due and payable to the Contributors to the Lottery herein after mentioned, their Executors, Administrators; and Assigns, at the said Rate; of four Pounds per Centum per' Annum, in respect of the said principal Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, in Manner hereafter in this Act expressed, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in that Behalf, shall be charged upon the said new and additional Rates and Duties, from the Feast Day of the Birth our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and shall from time 1 to

The Contributors on Failure of

Money,

to forfeit what

raised by a Lottery,

for purchase of Annuities at 4 L percent.

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 657

to time be paid half yearly at the Feasts 'ttf the Nativity of Saint 'john the Baptist, and the Birth of Annuities ro our Lord Christ, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due and payable for the comnl'nc' from half year ending at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint 'john the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and^'gce'r r, e forty seven. hilf ye«ly.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for or towards raising the Paid Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute by paying at or before the respective Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds upon this Act; and that The l'riceofa every such Contributor or Adventurer for every such Sum of ten Pounds, which he, she or they shall so '1'iclset 10* advance, shall be interested in such Lot or Share of and in the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by this Act, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that Behalf; and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers, at such Time or Times, and in such Proportions at a Time, as are herein after mentioned in that Behalf; that is to say. One pure, 1jfe moncv fourth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; V hcd payable, one other fourth Part thereof on or before the twenty first Day of July then next ensuing; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the twenty second Day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining fourth p art thereof on or before the twenty first Day of October then next following.

"Treasury to appoint Managers of the Lottery. Books to be prepared by the Managers, containing the "Numbers of the Tickets. Treasury to appoint Receivers, who shall give Security. Receivers to iffiia "Tickets at 10l. each. Tickets undisposed of to be returned into the Exchequer. There shall be printed "50,000 Tickets; 7150 shall be fortunate; two 10,000l. three 5000l. five 2000l. fifteen 1000l. thirty "500/, one hundred and fifty-one too, three hundred and ninety-eight 50l. six thousand five hun ic dred and fortyfive 20l. which Sums, together with 500l. to the first drawn Ticket, and 1000l. to the "last drawn, will amount 10-242, 900l. which being added 10257, 100l. the Principal payable to the remaining 42, 850 Blank Tickets, at 61. each, amount to 500,000l. the Sum total to be converted into Annuities in respect of the Lottery Tickets. Lottery to begin drawing 24 Nov. 1746. The Prizes to 'c be entered. The Prize Tickets to be filed. Managers to determine Disputes of Property. Felony to "forge or alter the Number of a Ticket. Guardians may adventure Infants Money in the Lottery; so "as such Infants Names be in the Receipts and Tickets. Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates st after the Lottery is drawn. Names of Persons exchanging Tickets, to be entered in a Book.

EXP.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Accomptant Ge bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall,

Upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named th/'p rfuns' therein, in the same Book or Books with the Contributors for the Purchase of the Annuities, not exceed named in the ing two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, herein before directed to be inserted in a Book or Books, Certificates 5 or in any other Book or Books, to be by him provided and kept for that Purpose, for the principal Sums contained in every such Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered. in the said Book or Books, " his, her or their Executors and Administrators shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, 1 Annuities made Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books, to be prepared and kept by the said accomp tran5, errs e' tant General for that Purpose; the Principal Sums so assigned Or transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by this Act, according to the Powers aijft authority herein after mentioned, until the Redemption thereof as aforesaid; the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, is.hereby Certificates to be authorised and directed to cancel and file the Certificates, as they shall from time to time be received g]" jcea^ Notes and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testi g; venin their tying the principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said Book or Books, by Reason or head.

Means of the Certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the Annuities attending the same.

LV. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the several and respective Annuities, amounting in the whole to three millions, by this Act authorised to be purchased as aforesaid; It is hereby further Bank ofengland enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England,°'; P; cys. An and their Successors, shall from time to time, until the said several and respective Annuities, after the'1" 5 Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed according to this Act, appoint and employ one sufficient Person, within their Office in the City of London, to be their chief or first Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person, within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys, from time to time arising into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the said fe money to be veral Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated for this Purpose (after satisfying or reserving Money fuf Paid out of the ficient to satisfy the several Annuities herein after charged upon the said several Rates and Duties, and Bank that made payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for and during the Life or Lives of the several pu"po/ ei Contributors to the Lottery aforesaid, or the Life or Lives of the respective Nominees, in Manner herein after mentioned) as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective Annuities, and other Payments directed to be paid or discharged out of the same, shall by Order of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or -- Vol. VI 4 P the

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746'.

Cashiers to pay the same and account in the Exchequer.

Accomptant General to in fl eft the ca fliiejs Accounts. Annuities a Personal Ellate; and exempt from foreign Attachment.

3,000,0001, one Capital Stock, attended with Annuities at 41. percent,

The Stock transferable.

Method of transferring.

Stock with Annuities may be devised; Will being entered in the Office.

No Stamp Duties ontransfers. Bank to continue 0 Corporation till the Annuities be redeemed.

Trrafary to reward the Officers, Cietks, C

the Commissioners of the Treasury of his Majesty, his Heirs r successors, for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective half yearly Feast Days, or Days of Payment, in this Add before appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said p*eceipt of Exchequer, to the said first or chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest, and upon Account for the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner and Form, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf; and that all and every such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his Account thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And it is hereby also enabled, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being, shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any P'raud, Negligence or Delay; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be entitled to any of the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Ellate, and the same shall not be descendable to the Heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or cu flom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be advanced or contributed, or to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled upon this Act, for or towards the said Sum not exceeding three millions, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said several and respective Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid, upon this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid; and that the whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable Times, in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the Time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such assignments or Transfers; or if such Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons, to whom such Transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuites attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law.

LVIII. Provided always, That any Person or Persons possessed of such Stock, with the Annuity or Annuities attending the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that such Devisee shall receive no Payment thereupon, till so much of the said Will, as relates to the said Stock or Annuity, be entered in the said Office; and in Default of such Transfer or Devise, said Stock and Annuities attending the same, shall go to the Executors or Administrators: that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them; any other Law or Statute to the contrt^ry notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any their own Funds, in pursuance of the Adds for establishing the same, or any of them) shall continue a Corporation, with all the Powers, Privileges and Advantages thereunto belonging, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, till all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act shall be redeemed by Parliament, according to the Proviso herein after contained in chat Behalf; and the said Governor and Company, or any Members thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by Reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised out of the said several Rates and Duties by this Act granted and appropriated as aforesaid, to reward the Officers and Clerks of the said Exchequer, that shall be any Ways employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the Annuities, to be payable at the said Receipt, as herein after mentioned, for their Labour, Pains and Service therein respectively, and to discharge all such incident Charges, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances, out of the Contributions to the Lottery aforesaid, as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Service, Pains and Ivabour of the Receiver or Receivers of the Contributions to the said Lottery, for receiving and accounting for the same; as also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the Contributions to the Annuities granted by this Act; and also such further Allowances,

out

Anno decimo nono Georgii II.

C

Officer! and Allowance; at tjic Dilpnfal o? 1 he Hank.

Manner of ic d coming the Aim nuitice.

What shall he 1 fulhcicut Notice,

out of the several Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated, as they shall think just and reasonable, for receiving, paying and accounting for the several and respective Annuities, payable in respect thereof; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the Accomptant General of the said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all which Allowances hereby im powered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Uie and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That at any Time upon one year's Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the lioynl Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, at any of the half yearly Feast Days, for Payment of the said respective Annuities, or either of them, and upon Repayment by Parliament, of the respective principal Sums, for which the said respective Annuities, or either of them, shall be payable to such respective Persons or Corporations, as shall be entitled to the same Annuities, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, the said respective Annuities shall ccafe and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and from and after such Redemption, the Moneys arising from the said several Rates and Duties, shall not be issued or applied to any Use or Purpose, but as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament, except so much Moneys of the said several Rates and Duties, as shall he sufficient from Time to Time to satisfy and pay the several and respective Annuities by this Act herein after made payable at the Receipt of Exchequer, to the several Contributors to the Lottery before mentioned, or their Assigns, during their Lives, or the Lives of their respective Nominees, in Manner herein after directed; thing in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice, within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

"Limitation of Sales of Chances, Is'c. office keepers publishing Schemes relating to Tickets not in "their own Possession, to forfeit 500l. and be imprisoned three Months."

EXP.

LXIV. And for the greater Encouragement of Persons to become Contributors to the Lottery herein Encouragement before mentioned; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and for Contributor Persons who shall advance and pay unto such Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed as aforesaid, at or of ioo 1.°"'^ before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein before directed, the principal Sum of one hundred Pounds for the Purchase of ten Tickets in the said Littery, shall, for or in respect of the said Principal Sum of one hundred Pounds so to be advanced and paid, be entitled to have and receive, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, during his, her or their own Life, or the Life of some o' other Person to be nominated by him, her or them, or by his, her, or their Assigns, an Annuity of nine 1 CC9Rounds, being computed after the Rate of eighteen Shillings per Annum for each Ticket, and foin Prob: li<ks4l. per portion for any greater Number of Tickets to be contributed for by any such Person or Persons (over and Cent Per Ann above the Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, before by this Act made payable at the Bank of England to such Contributor) which said' respective Annuity or Annuities to be paid at the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall commence from the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and be paid and pa5'able to such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her, or their Assign or Assigns, at the Times, and in the Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Receiver or Receivers is and are hereby directed and required, as soon as he or they shall have received from any such Contributor or Contributors, one Moiety of the several Sums by tributo" s ° ° them respectively intended to be advanced, for the Purchase of ten Tickets or more, in the said Lottery as aforesaid, forthwith to give such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her or their Assigns, a Certificate or Certificates, signed by him or them (directed to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer) to be printed or written upon cheque Paper, and cut out indentwise through some Floufish or Device, to be contrived by the said Receiver or Receivers, containing the Names, Surnames, Places of Abode, and other Additions of such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her, or their Assigns, together with the Annuity payable to them in respect of the principal Sums advanced hv them for the Purchase of such Tickets, computed after the Rate of eighteen Shillings per Annum for each Ticket, in Manner herein before mentioned (which said Certificate or Certificates shall be assignable, by Endorsement assignable before thereupon to be made, and witneited by two Persons, at any Time or Times before the twentieth Day of Dec. 20, 1746. December one thousand seven hundred and forty six) and in order to prevent the Auditor of the said Receipt from being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Certificate or Certificates, the said Receiver counterpart.of or Receivers shall, and they are hereby directed and required to transmit to the Auditor of the Receipt in certificates to be the said Exchequer (as soon as the said whole Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act intended returned to the to be raised by way of a Lottery, shall be advanced and paid to him or them) the Counterpart of the Exchequer. Cheques of all the Certificates given by him or them to such Contributors as aforesaid; which said Counterparts of the said Cheques shall be expressed the Number of each Certificate, the contributor's Name, and the Annuity contained therein.

LXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver or Receivers abook of the shall also, within fourteen Days after the said twenty first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and Names of con forty six, transmit to the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book fairly written on Paper, ttlt, utors< to signed by him or them, containing the Names of the several Contributors, towards raising the said Sum of L '10 lhe r 4p2 five? -

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

Certificates to be changed for Exchequer Orders before Dtc. 25, 1746.

A Life to be named.

[Penalty.]

Exchequer Orders, in what Manner to be made out.

Books to be kept in the Office of the Auditor, and Clerk of the Pells,

to be inspected by Contributors,

Yearly Fund of 45,000 1, for payingannuities,

Times of pay hat nt.

Shares 6f Annuities to cease on Death of Nominees,

Orders transfer rable.

To be registered without Fee.

Assignees may assign again foties queues.

five hundred thousand Pounds' by way of Lottery as aforesaid, the Number of Tickets subscribed for by each such Contributor, the principal Sums by them respectively paid for the Purchase of such Tickets, and the Annuity payable in respect thereof, at the Rate aforesaid; to the end the said Auditor may be thereby satisfied, that the said full and entire Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be advanced as aforesaid, hath been paid to such Receiver or Receivers; which Book shall remain in the Office of the Auditor of said Receipt of Exchequer for ever.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Contributor or Contributors aforesaid, or such other Person or Persons as shall be possessed of any such Certificate or Certificates, by this at directed to be given by such Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid, shall before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six deliver or cause to be delivered, to the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, all and every the said Certificate and Certificates aforesaid, to be exchanged for Orders to be made out in the Manner hereafter mentioned; and shall also, at the same Time, name to the said Auditor his, her or their own, or some other Life, during which he, she or they, or his, her or their Assigns, shall be inti tied to receive a Dividend or Share of the yearly Fund hereafter directed to be set apart out of the said several Rates and Duties by this at granted to his Majesty as aforesaid; Pain of forfeitting, not only the half year's Annuity, which shall become due and payable to such Contributors, or their Assigns, on the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six (in respect of the Principal Sums by them respectively advanced as aforesaid) but also all such subsequent half yearly Payments, as shall become payable to such Contributors or their Assigns, until he, she or they shall have produced to the Auditor of the said Receipt their respective Certificates to be exchanged for Orders as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after such Certificate or Certificates shall be delivered to him, cause such and so many Order or Orders for Payment of such Annuities to be made out in Exchange for such Certificate or Certificates, as shall be desired by the said several and respective Contributors, or their Assigns, taking Care that the Annuity or Annuities made payable by such respective Order or Orders, do not exceed in the whole the Annuity or Annuities specified and expressed in such Certificate or Certificates, in Exchange for which such Order or Orders shall be so made out as aforesaid; said Order or Orders shall be made out upon Vellum or Parchment, and shall contain the Names, Surnames, and Places of Abode, and other Additions of the respective Contributors, or their Assigns, and of their Nominees, and also the Annuity payable during the Life of such Nominees to be appointed as aforesaid, out of the yearly Fund herein after directed to be set apart for that Purpose; all such Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being; and after Signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this at, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removals of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer; nor shall they, or any of them, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid.

LXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, and Clerk of the Pells severally., there shall be provided and kept one or more Book or Books, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all such Contributors, and their Nominees, during whose Lives respectively, the several Dividends of the said yearly Fund hereafter directed to be let apart, shall be payable at the Times when the same shall be nominated as aforesaid; to which Books it shall be lawful for the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, from time to time, to have Resort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

LXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys arising by virtue of this af, there shall yearly and every Year be separated and kept apart, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds; which said Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds shall be, and is hereby declared to be, a yearly Fund for answering and paying the Annuities aforesaid; shall yearly and every Year, be equally divided amongst the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, during the Lives of their respective Nominees, in Proportion to the Principal Sums by them advanced, by two equal half yearly Payments; that is to say, At the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist; the first Payment thereupon to be made at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and upon the Death of every such Nominee, the Share of the said Fund, which was payable during his or her Life, shall cease and determine.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Contributor, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any Time during the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed on his, her or their Order, to be witnessed by two Persons, to assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order or Orders, to any other Person or Persons; being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof tube made in the Book of Registry for such Orders, without Fee or Charge; and after such Entry made, such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so taties queries; and 1 1 afterwards

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 661

afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who shall make such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or a/iy Part thereof.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Guardian or Truflce, bc!ng

having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant, shall, in pursuance of the Tower herein before given to I return of in him or them in that Behalf, have advanced and paid to such Receiver or Receivers as aforesaid, my Sum '1 >!-. nd no or Sums of Money of such Infant for the Purchase of ten Tickets, or more, in the sail Lou ry, j'mnre, Manner therein directed, and shall thereupon, within the Time herein before appointed for naming of10 tllc Lives, name the said Infant to be a Nominee, such Infant, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, in such Manner and Proportion as any other Contributor; and the said Guardians and Trustees, as to the Sum so advanced by them, are hereby discharged.

LXXII. And for preventing all Frauds in receiving any Share of the yearly Fund hereby appointed to Abflnt nom be let apart as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor, I is, ner tobet.cn> her or their Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Agents, upon their demanding any half yearly payment of his, her or their respective Shares of the said yearly Fund (unless the Nominee appear in Person at the said Receipt) shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominee, signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be then living upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due (if such Nominee shall be then residing in that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed) or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at his, her or their Election, to make Oath of the Truth of his, her or their respective Nominees Life, upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due, before one or more Justices of the Peace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town, or Place, wherein such Person, at the Time of making such Oath, shall reside, in like Manner, every such Contributor, his, her or their or Oath made. Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Agents, whose Nominee shall reside in any Town or Place, bee ing extra parochial, upon the Day when any of the said half yearly Payments shall become due, shall make a like Oath before any such Justice or Justices aforesaid, of the Life of such Nominee on that Day (which Oath the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to administer) and such Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof, for which Oath and Certificate no See or Reward shall be demanded or paid; and the said Certificates shall be filed in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer; and if any Person shall be guilty of a false Oath, or shall forge any Certificates, touching the premisses, and Penaltyona fair be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person shall incur the Pains and Penalties to be inflicted upon Per °3th' or for£ei fons who shall commit wilful Perjury and Forgery; and in case any Nominee shall, at the Time of such Leru c?le* Demand, be resident in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, and any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer there, for the Time being, shall certify that, upon Proof to him or them made (which Proof he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take in a summary Way) it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given on Examination made, without Fee or Charge) the said Certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said half yearly Payment to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and in case any such Nominee shall, at the Time of such Nominees be demand, be resident in any Parts beyond the Seas, the Proprietors of all such Orders, or their Agents, yond Seas to be shall produce Certificates of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, under the Hand of the certified living, British Minister residing at the Place where any such Nominee shall be living, upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due; and in case no British Minister shall reside at the Place where any such Nominee shall live, then the said Proprietors of such Orders, or their Agents, shall produce a Certificate of the Life of his, her or their respective Nominees, under the Hand and Seal of the chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, where any such Nominee shall be then living, upon the Day when the said half yearly Payment shall become due as aforesaid; every such Agent or Agents shall also annex to every such Certificate, an Affidavit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer, that he or they do believe that such Certificate is true; which Certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said half yearly Payment to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; if any Person or Persons shall receive Pena] on re one or more half yearly Payments upon his, her or their Annuity or Annuities, for any Time beyond firing sn an the Death of his, her or their Nominee or Nominees, when the same ought to cease, such Person or Per nuity after the

fons shall forfeit treble the Value of the Moneys so by him, her or them received, and also the Death of a No

Sum of five hundred Pounds; the Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, minee and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, or Information; in which no Eftbin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor, his, her or Notice to be gi their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within one Month next after Notice of the Death of his, vjn °" the death her or their respective Nominee or Nominees, shall certify such Death to the Auditor of the said Receipt, 0 a'om, ncc of Exchequer for the Time being; and shall also within three Months after such Notice, deliver or cause to be delivered up to the said Auditor, his, her or their Order or Orders, by which he, she or they wjs

and were entitled during the Life of such Nominee, to any Share of the said yearly Fund, in case such Order and Orders be in his, her or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, such Contributor, Penaj his Executors, Administrators. Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; to be recovered 1

y

Annuities free from ta es.

Now Orders in whit Cates to be made out j

Entries to be' made upon new Orders.

Counterfeiting of Orders, assign menes, C

Felony.

No See for ret cejying Contributions, paying Annuities, C

Penalty on misapplication of Moneys, CC

12. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 174.6.

by Action of Debt as aforesaid, and to be had and received for the Use of any Person who shall sue

for the same.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Annuities payable to such Contributors out of the said yearly Fund, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions

whatsoever.

LXXV. And whereas it may so happen, that in Process of Time, several of the said Handing Orders

be lost, burnt or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated or encumbered with many Assign ments endorsed thereon, and it may be necessary that new Orders should be made forth in lieu thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any the said Cases, any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time (upon Certificate under the Hand of the Lord Chief Baron, or any other the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, that he or they are satisfied by Proof upon Oath before him or them made, that any such Order or Orders have been lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed) to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Exchequer, to be signed by him or them, in lieu of such Orders so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed; the respective Officers in the said Exchequer are hereby directed to pay the tntcrcft, which shall from Time to Time become due upon such new Orders, as if the original Order or Orders had been produced; and all such Payments shall be allowed in their respective Accounts, provided that the Person or Persons entitled to receive the Interest due upon any such Order or Orders, do give Security to the King, to the good liking of the Person appointed to pay the same, to pay into the Exchequer for the Use of the Publick, so much Money as shall be paid thereupon, if the Order or Orders so certified to be lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, be hereafter produced and the said Commissioners of the Treasury., or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall and are hereby also empowered to cause rew Handing Orders to be made forth, for and in lieu of such Orders as shall become defaced, obliterated or otherwise encumbered as aforesaid; said Orders shall be at the same Time delivered up, and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable, and delivered to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Order or Orders so to be delivered up, and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery up as aforesaid; and the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid shall always take care that such Entries or Memoranda be made upon the said new Orders, as may denote their being made in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, encumbered or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Public against any double Payments, for or by Reason of the making out, or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

LXXVE And for preventing all Frauds and Abuses in or about the said standing Orders, or any af signments thereof, or the receiving the Annuities due or to grow due thereon; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates to be given by such Receiver or Receivers, or any Order or Orders, to be made forth in lieu thereof, in pursuance of this present Actor any Alignment or Alignments of such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or of any Receipt or Discharge to the Exchequer, for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or of any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer, align, alien or convey any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders, in or to any such pretended Alignment or Alignments, Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any such forged or counterfeited Receipt, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, instrument or Authority, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Order or Orders, and thereby align or endeavour to align any of the said Order or Orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every such Case, all and every Person and Persons being thereof lawfully convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said Contribution Moneys, or any of them, or for paying the said several Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds. to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; and that all Receipts and Issues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Reward or Gratuity for the same; and in case the Officers of Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall misapply or divert any of the Moneys to be paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Actor shall not keep such Books or Registers, or make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are directed and required to do and perform; every such Officer shall forfeit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, apd shall answer and pay Treble Costs of Suit to any Contributor, or Person claiming

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 663

ing under him, that will fuc for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Fill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilcgc or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff, upon Recovery, shall have full Costs of Suit; one third of which Sum shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the ijenefit of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two thirds shall be to and for the Use of the Prosecutor.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, bat in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make Cast; rr rvot Payment of any Share or Shares of the said yearly Fund of fortyfive thousand Pounds, by this Act di fro?n l'cri.by, reded to be set apart for the Purposes aforesaid, upon any, such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, such Officer shall not incur any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, or he liable to any Action, of the Contributors for doing thereof, though the said Certificate be forged or false, or the said Nominee be dead, unless the said Officer did know at the Time of such Payment, that the said Nominee was dead, or that the said Certificate was forged or false.

LXXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority, That if at any Timeor Times the Produce of dcfici ncics to the said several Rates and Duties shall happen to be so low or deficient as that the Moneys arising the re be made up j Irom into the Exchequer, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges directed to be paid thereout, at the End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then, and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of the Overplus Moneys, that 111 all or may happen to arise and be paid into the Exchequer in any of the subsequent half Years, as the said re spedive Annuities shall, from Time to Time, become due and payable; and in case such Overplus Mo out of Overplus nies shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Deficiencies hereby intended from Time to Time to be paid Monlc3> thereout, that then, and in every such Case, the Deficiencies so from Time to Time happening, shall from Time to Time be answered and made goodbye and out of the first Supplies which shall be granted or, next Supplier, in Parliament next after such Deficiencies shall appear; and in case no such Supplies shall be granted within six Months next after such Deficiencies shall happen, then the same shall be made good out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the or, Sinking said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use orufes by any former Act or Adds of Parlia Fund, ment in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be from Time to Time issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the several Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying the several Annuities aforesaid, which be actually incurred and grown due at any of the said half yearly Days of Payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the said Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys filial 1 to be replaced be so issued out of the Sinking Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Sup out of the next plies, to be then after granted in Parliament. Supplies.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be Surplus Moneys any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys arising by the said several Rates and Duties, after the said feve to be disposed of ral and respective Annuities, and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for by piu ilam£nt> that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall, from Time to Time, be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as shall be directed by future Act or Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Act of Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at General Mue, any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them dene, or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded Treble Coltr. against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LXXXIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty yr3geo. i. C 5,

Reign, (entitled. An act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt., and upon Red and White Hcr rings, for the further Terra of six Years; and for declaring that the Duties on Salt which arise and are payable in that Part «/" Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same Charges thereon, as the same Du ' ties were liable to by the Ail of the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firjlfi the Sum of one million was advanced and lent on Credit of the said Duties, for which Orders were directed by the said Act to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer (upon producing the proper Receipts of the Receivers of the said Sum of one million) in the Names of the Contributors thereof, or their Af ' signs, payable in such Course and Manner, as is therein directed; which said Receipts were to be di vided into ten Classes, and the Course of Payment of each particular Classis was to be determined by drawing Lots before the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being: And whereas same Doubts have arisen as to the Method of making out such Orders, by.renfon of the Delay of some of the Contributors on the said Act, or their Assigns, in bringing in their Receipts to the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer to be exchanged for Orders as aforesaidbe it therefore

664 C 13 — 14. Anno decimo nono Georgii XI A.D. 1746.

Officers of the fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of the Exchequer to said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to make out Orders in the Names of the respective Proprietor or ^ch/sal^du" propr etorsr w first bring their respective Receipt or Receipts to be exchanged for Orders, to be ?nthepropriecors payable first in Course, within their respective Classis, in which such Receipt or Receipts is or are con nimes, who shall tabled; and the Orders to be made out for the Receipts contained in the Classis first in Course of pay first bring their ment, shall be numbered in an arithmetical Progression, beginning with Np I, and soon, ascending until Receipts. a]] the Orders are made out for the Receipts contained in the said Classis; and the like Method shall be observed in making out and numbering the Orders for Receipts in each particular Classis, which shall also begin with N I, respectively, and so to be numbered in an arithmetical Progression; the said Orders so to be made out and numbered as aforesaid, shall be registered and payable in Course.

Proviso,

LXXXIV. Provided always, That the Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer shall not incur any

Penalty or Disability for or on account of their making out, numbering, registering or paying the said Orders in the Course and Manner herein before directed; anything in the before recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enlarge the Time For Justices of the Peace to take and subscribe the oath directed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

5 Geo. 2. C is.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to atnend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act is Ga. 2. C 20. ' for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no

Person (except such as are therein excepted) shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, be capable of being a Justice of the Peace, or of acting as such,

for any County, Riding or Division, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the princi pality of Wales, who shall not, before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, or before he takes upon himself to act as a Justice of the Peace, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, at some General or Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Division, for which he does or shall intend to ad, first take and subscribe the Oath in the said Act set forth, under the Forfeiture in the said Act mentioned: And C whereas several Justices of the Peace may, by reason of various Accidents, neglect or ornit to take and subscribe the said Oath before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six: 'Now to prevent any Inconveniences that may happen by reason of such Neglect or Omission, Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi

Justices allowed ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the to 20 nov.1746, same. That every Justice of the Peace who has not taken and subscribed, or shall not take and subscribe to qualify them the said Oath, before the twentyefifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty six, according to the Direction of the said Act, may nevertheless continue to act as a justice of the Peace, until the See farther 24 twentieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and forty six, without being liable to, or incur 2. C 44. & ring any Penalties or Incapacities, for not taking or subscribing the said Oath within the Time by th? ^4' said Act pnftcribed.

s7 Geot 2. C 16

eo. ic. CAP. XIV

j3

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; great Benefit and Advantage did accrue to is Car. 2. C j. ' V England, by one Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encouraging of Coinage; and continued by another 25 Car. 2. C S.*Ad made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, e An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage; both which said Acts were revived by an Act made ijac. 2. C 7. ' in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second; and were continued by an Act

4w. mc. 24. ' made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King William' and Queen Mary of glorious Memory; and 32 w. 3: C 11. ' were further continued by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King William -;

4. Ann. C 22. ' and were further continued by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty

7 Ann. c. 24. ' Queen Anne of hlefied Memory, and then extended to Scotland; and were further continued by an Act

1 Geo. ic. ' made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First of glorious Memory,

to be in Force for seven Years from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen,

and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following; and were further continued by 9 Geo. t. C io.*another Act made in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for seven Years from the first Day A March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and until the End of the fill! Session of Geo. 2. c. 12. ' Parliament then next following; and were further continued by another Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for seven Years, from the first Day of March one thousand seven, ' and thirty, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following; and were

further

further continued by another Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for u Cto, i. C 5. ' seven Years, from the first Day of March one thousand hundred and thirty-eight, and until the

End of, the first Session of Parliament then next following; so that unless the said Act be continued, the

Encouragement given thereby, will cease, and this Kingdom be deprived for the future, of so great a ' Good, as it hath for many Years last past enjoyednow we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty's the Rates, Duties, and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the Term and Time herein after expressed; and do moil: humbly pray that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such and the like Rates, Duties, and Impositions, as by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of King Charles the Southeast

1 cond were granted, 'and by the said subsequent Acts were continued, for and upon the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer, during the respective Terms and Times therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, 'and Beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, within or during the Space of seven Years, to commence from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and until the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said former Acts, and all other Acts of Parliament concerning Coinage, and every of them, and every Clause, Article, and Sentence in them, or any of them contained, now being in Force, shall be, and are by virtue of this Act continued, and shall be in Force, and be duly put in Execution for and during all such Time and Term as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; any former Law, Statute, Provision, Matter, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Farther continued by 17 Geo.

land farther by The Rate, by iscar. a. and by the said subsequent Act granted upon Importation of Wines, Vinegar, C continued for 7 Years, frum 1 March 1745.

The former aos, and all others relatinug to Coinage, fire, continued for that Term.

1 Geo. 3. C III

And to the End the Importers of Gold and Silver into the Mints of England and Scotland respectively, may not be discouraged by any Deficiency of the Revenue by this Act settled, for defraying the Coinage thereof; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Lord High treasury tode treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they o7themntsdt are hereby empowered and directed, out of the Moneys arising by this Act, or out of any other public ^0 Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, to cause so much Money to be applied, as shall be northeast Scotlaiu. ceflary for defraying the Expenses of the said Mints of england and Scotland respective] y, by way' of impressed, and upon Account for that Service, so as the same', together with the Coinage Duties arising by this Act, do not exceed in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Moneys be issued out' of the Exchequer of Great Britain, "to the Master of the Mint in England, and to the Mailer of themint in Scotland respectively, for the said Purposes.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to coni pleat their Church, and to pay Debts' already contrasted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

PR.

CAP. XVI.

an Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and lefl ees.

EXP.

Deeds and Wills of Papists made since 29 Sept, 17 j7, and enrolled before 1 Dec. 17+6, to be valid. Purchases made by Protestants, since 29 Sept. 1717, not to be vacated for want of Inrolment cf any Deed, is'e.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing an Act of this present Sdlion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Perj'm and Government. EXP. See 20 Geo. 2. c. 1.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone; and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual. P R,

The Act 12 Geo. 1. c. 24. continued for 21 Years,

y01. VI

4q.

CAP. XIX.

666 C9 — i. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

ni ': (I'

CAP. XIX.

An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to Prefcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of Saint Helen in the said County.

PR.

*, The Act iz Geo. i. C zi. continued for 21 Years.

i»/ 1

CAP. XX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and Sheriffs and others, 'who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

EXP.

WHEREAS, during the unnatural Rebellion, which begun in or about the Months of July or Aitgujl in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and still continues, diverse Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs of Corporations, Constables, and other Officers and Persons well affected to his Majesty, and his Government, in order to preserve our present happy Establishment, and the Peace of this Kingdom, and to Suppress and put an End to

the said Rebellion, apprehended, and put into Custody, and imprisoned, or caused to be apprehended,

put into Custody, and imprisoned several Criminals, and several Persons who they suspected might disturb the p'ublick Peace, or some nt or promote Riots, Tumults, Rebellions, or evil Designs against the Government; and also seized apd used several Horses. and other Things; and also pressed diverse Horses, Carts, and Carriages, for the Service of the Public; and did, for the Purposes afore. 4 said, enter into the Houses and Possessions of several Persons, and did quarter, and cause to be quar tered diverse Soldiers, and others, in the Houses of diverse Persons, and did diverse Acts, which could not bejuftified by the strict Forms of Law, and yet were necessary, and so much for the Service of the Public, that they ought to be justified by Act of Parliament, and the Persons by whom.

they were transacted ought to be indemnified: And whereas diverse Sheriffs, Gaolers, and other Persons, may be or are in danger of being sued, indicted, prosecuted, or proceeded against by reason of Escapes of prisoners, let out or discharged by the Persons engaged in the said rebellion be it therefore enacted, &c.

Set sggw. 2. "All peffonal Actions, &c. for Acts done before 30 April 1746, on Account of the Premises, or against

o 39./. 1. tc griffs, &c. for the Escape of Prisoners, &c. to be void."

CAP. XXL.

An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing.

Refer tonjac. 4 T'ORASMUCM as the horrid, impious, and execrable Vices of profane Cursing and Swearing

1. r. 20. 4 jff (so highly displeasing to Almighty God, and loathsome and offensive to every christianj are become

]ivy CII«frequent and notorious, that unless speedily and effectually punished, they may justly provoke the Divine Vengeance to increase the many Calamities these Nations now labour under: And whereas the Laws now in Being for punishing those Crimes, have not answered the Intents for which they were de signed, by Means of Difficulties attending the putting such Laws in Execution For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, if any Person or Persons shall profanely Curse or Swear, and be thereof convicted on the Oath of any one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any one Justice of the Peace for any County, City, Riding, Division, or Liberty, or before the Mayor, ju itice, Bailiff, or other Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, or by the Confession of the Party offending, every Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and lose the respective Sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say)'

The Penalty ef Every Day Labourer, Common Soldier, Common Sailor, and Common Seaman, one Shilling; profane Cm ting nd every other Person under the Degree of a Gentleman, two Shillings;

ind Swearing. nj every Person of or above the Degree of a Gentleman, five Shillings.

And in case any such Person or Persons shall, after Conviction, offend a second Time, every such Person shall forfeit and lose Double; and for every other Offence after a second Conviction, treble the Sum first forfeited by any Offender, for profane Cursing and Swearing as aforesaid.

I

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II.

C

2 r,

667

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall Profane Swear

profahely Swear or Curse, in the Presence and Hearing of any Justice of the Peace for any County, Rit v"r" ding, Division or Liberty; or in the Presence or Hearing of any Mayor, Justice, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate; every such Justice, Mayor, or other chief Magistrate as aforesaid 1 to be cunviflel shall and is hereby authorised and required to convict every such Offender of such Offence (in the Form without othrr and Manner herein after set forth) without any other Proof whatsoever. Pnof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in 6afe any Person or Persons shall coniubi*», profanely Swear or Curse, in the Presence and Hearing of any Constable, Petty Constable, Tything

man, or other Peace Officer, it shall and may be lawful for any and every such Constable, Petty Cont liable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, and they and each of them are hereby authorised and required (in case any such Person shall be unkown to such Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer) to seize, secure, and detain such Offender or Offenders, unknown to him or them as aforesaid; such Offender or Offenders forthwith to carry before the next Justice of the Peace forsn<i br!n2 tfiert» the County, Riding, Division or Liberty, 'or before the Mayor, Justice, Bailiff, or other chief magi strate of the Town Corporate, wherein such Offence was committed; and the Paid Justice, Mayor, or U via other chief Magistrate, is hereby authorised and required, on the Oath of such Constable, Petty Con thrm on hr liable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, to convict the offender in Manner and Form herein after Office's Onh j directed: in case any such Person so profanely Swearing or Cursing, in the Presence or Hearing ofa, |, J tht>lw any such Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, shall be known to any of^"tion b them, every such Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, shall and is hereby roaij. required speedily to make Information before some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Liberty, Mayor, Justice, Bailiff, or chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate as aforesaid, in order

that the Offender or Offenders may be by such Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate confined

thereof, and punished for the same, in Manner and Form as in and by this Act is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Justice of the Peace!, Justices, C Mayor, or other chief Magistrate as aforesaid, shall immediately upon Information given upon Oath of upon informj any such Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, or of any other Person ^"onende^to whatsoever, cause the Offender or Offenders to appear before him; and upon such Information being jp eal/^c'r 10 proved as aforesaid, convict such Offender or Offenders in such Manner as in and by this Act is prep ]t', be icribed. And in case such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay down the respective Sum so paid, asecu forfeited, or give Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice, Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, before rity given, or thi whom such Conviction is made, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, Mayor, or other chief Ma Offender to be gistrate, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty,

City or Town Corporate where such Offence shall be committed; there to remain, and be kept to hard use of Cor for the Space of ten Days. rection.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any common Common Sol

Soldier belonging to any Regiment in his Majesty's Service, or any common Sailor or common seaman dien and Sailors,

belonging to any Ship or Veiled, shall be convicted of profane Cursing or Swearing as aforesaid', 'and payir?tfle

shall not immediately pay down the Penalty by him forfeited, or give Security for the same as aforesaid', 1>cna ty' Eland also the Cost of the Information, Summons and Conviction, as in and by this act is directed; every such common Soldier, common Sailor or common Seaman, instead of being committed to the House of Correction, as by this Act is directed, shall by the said Justice, Mayor, Bailiff', or other Head Officer, be ordered to be publickly set in the Stocks for the Space of one Hour, for every single Offence; and to ft.set in the for any Number of Offences, whereof he shall be convicted at one and the same Time, two Flours. Stccks.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace of any Justices, a C not County, Riding, Division or Liberty, Mayor, Justice, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate of any Town doing their Duty, Corporate, shall wilfully and wittingly omit the Performance of his Duty, 'in the Execution of this Act,

he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety thereof tonhe Use'of the Informer, and forfeit 5 i. the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Justice, Mayor, or other chief Magistrate shall reside; to be recovered by Action, Suit, Bill, or Plaint, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Petty Constable, Conflab!«, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, shall wilfully and wittingly omit the Performance of his Duty in iotns r*leit the Execution of this Act, and be thereof convicted by the Oath of one Witness, before any Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, or Liberty, or before the Mayor, Justice, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, every such Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer so offending, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and re forfeit 40 s, covered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the.

Hand and Seal of such Justice, Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, and to be di(poled of, one Moiety thereof to the Use. of the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and aid for want of Chattels whereon to levy the said Penalty, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, Mayor, 10 oa

or other Magistrate, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction for the County, Riding, ontwonth to Division, Liberty, City or Place, there to remain, and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one the House of Month. Correction,

4 0.2

Form of Con \idion j

to be wrote on Parchment, and returned to the next Sessions.

Justices, &c. to put this Act in Execution indiscriminately.

Penalties how to be disposed of.

Offenders to pay all Charges over and above the Penalties,

or be committed to the House of correction for six Days extraordinary.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Pi oof. Sec. to be made within eight Days.

A£V to be read quarterly in all Churches, C

Penalty of 5l. for Neglect.

See of t s. to the justice's, Sit. Clerk.

C 21. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division or Liberty, and all and every Mayor, Justice, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of profane Swearing or Cuifing, shall cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Words and Form following.

Middlesex, BE it remembered, that on the Day of in the

to wit. D Year of his Majesty's Reign, A.B. was convicted before me (one of his Majesty's fu 1 Jlices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Liberty aforesaid; or before me Afayor, ' 'fujlice, Bailiffr, or other chief Magistrate of the City or Town of within the

ccw.ty of, as the Case shall be) of swearing one or more profane Oath or Oaths, or of cursing one or more profane Curse or Curses, as the Case fall be.'

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Tear aforesaid.

Which said Form and Conviction shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's Court of Kings Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; the Rid Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate before whom such Conviction shall be made, shall cause the lame to be fairly wrote over upon Parchment, and returned to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County wherein such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be kept Amongst the Records of the said County.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division or Liberty, and every Mayor, Justice, Baililf, or other chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate may, and they are hereby authorised and required to put this Act in Execution against any Person or Persons within their several jurisdictions, although such. justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate shall be rated and pay to the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, Town, or Place, where any Offence, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, shall be committed; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this at, upon any Person or Persons for profane Cursing and Swearing, shall be disposed of for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish wherein such offence.was committed 5 and that all Charges of the Information and Conviction of any'"such Offender shall be born and paid by the Party offending, if able, over and above the Penalties inflicted by this act, which charges shall be settled and ascertained by the justice of Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate before whom such Conviction shall be made. And in case such Party shall not be able, or shall not immediately pay the said Charges and expences, or give Security for the same to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief ma pistrate before whom such Information and Conviction shall be made, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction as aforesaid, there to remain and be kept todiard.labour for the Space of six Days, over and above such Time for which such Offender may be committed in Default of Payment of the Penalties inflicted by this act; and in such Case no Charges of Information and Conviction shall be paid by any Person whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any action or Suit shall be commenced or brought

against any Justice of the Peace, Constable, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, for doing or causing to be done, anything in pursuance of this act concerning the said Offences, the Defendant in that Action may plead the General Issue, and give the special.matter in Evidence; and if upon such action verdict be given for the Defendant, or !the Plaintiff become nonsuit, or discontinue his action, then the Defendant shall have treble Costs.'.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted or troubled for any Offeree against this Statute herein before or herein after mentioned, unless the same be proved or prosecuted within eight Days next after the Offence committed.

XIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this act shall be publicly read four feverrl Times in the Year, in all Parish Churches and public Chapels, by the Parson, Vicar, or Curate of the respective Parishes or Chapels, immediately after Morning or Evening Prayer, on four several Sundays (that is to say) the Sunday next after the twenty-fifth Day of March, twenty-fourth Day of fune, twenty-ninth Day of September, and twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year; or in case Divine Service shall not be performed in any such Church or Chapel on any of the Sundays before mentioned, then upon the first Sunday after any of the said quarterly Days on which Divine Service shall happen to be performed in any such Church or Chapel, under the Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every such Omission or Neglect; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or orher chief Magistrate as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Justice, Mayor,

Bailiff or other chief Officer, before whom Proceedings upon this act shall be had, shall and may receive and take for the Information, Summons and Conviction of every Offender against this act, the Sum one Shilling and no more, 2

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 22. 669

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said full Day of J i e.io. June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of, C King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent and reform profane Cursing and Swearing, and also an c. 1 '

Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectualfupprejfing profane Cursing and Swearing, Hull be and are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within

that Part of Great Britain called England.

'tfttherlas Matters and Owners of, and other Persons belonging to Ships, Crayers or other C W Vessels coming into Havens, Ports, Roads, Channels or navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, do cast, throw out, and unlade their Ballast, either on the Shore, or on the Side, and below the usual full Sea Mark, and frequently do other Annoyances, to the Detriment and Obstruction of Navigation, and the Offenders often go unpunished, for want of a further and more

speedy Method of bringing them to Justice For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time, from and after the first Day of June one thousand mapers, C I'even hundred and forty six, any Matter or Owner, or any Person ailing as Mailer of any Ship, Pink, 01t

Grayer, Lighter, keil boat, or other Vessel whatsoever, shall call, throw out, or unlade; or if at my '11: C Time, from and after the Day aforesaid, there shall be cast, thrown out, or unladen from and out of any out of any Ship, Ship, Pink, Grayer, Lighter, kcil boat, or other Vessel whatsoever, being or riding within any Haven, in Harbour, Port, Road, Channel or navigable River, within that Part of Great Britain called England, any Ballast, CL Rubbish, Gravel, Earth, Stone, Wreck or Filth, but only upon the Land where the Tide or Water never flows or runs; it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for w upon dry the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place, where or near which such Offence shall be com Land only, ju mitted, upon Information thereof, and he and they are hereby authorised and required, to summoii or issue

issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants, to apprehend and bring before him or them the Mailer or Warrant Matters, Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Pink, Grayer, Lighter, keil boat or other Vessel, on other Person or Persons adding as such, against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made or given; and upon his, her or their Appearance or Default, to proqeed to examine the Matter of Sail, and and ui>cn p^of, upon due Proof made either by the Confession of the Party offending, or on View of such Justice or Ju C ftices, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oaths the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) that any Ballast, Rubbish, Earth, Gravel,

Stone, Wreck or Filth, had been cast, unladen, or thrown out of, or from any Ship, Pink, Grayer,

Lighter, keil boat, or other Vessel, the Mailer or Matters, or Person or Persons adding as Matter or Matters thereof, shall be adjudged, and he and they are hereby respectively declared to be the Offenders against: this Act; and he and they being by such Justice or Justices (or any of the Ways or Means afore fine them not said) thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum, not exceeding the Sum of more than si. five Pounds, nor under fifty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, the one Moiety thereof norlifsthan Scs< to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Town or Place wherein such Conviction shall be pronounced, for the Use of the Poor there.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties inflicted or incurred by this Act, shall be recovered Penalties hmv and levied by Distress and Sale either of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so convicted respectively recoverai)!<: > as aforesaid, or of the Ship, Pink, Crayer, Lighter, keil boat, or other Vessel, or of their Tackle, Apparel or Furniture (by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such ju llice or Justices, and which he and they are hereby empowered and required, on such Conviction as aforesaid to make, and to direct the same to the Constables, or to the ty/hingman, or other proper Officer of the Parish, Town or Place where such Warrants are respectively to be executed; and which Warrants A

the Constables and Tythingmen, and Officer?, aforesaid, are hereby respectively required to execute) together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be, after demand in.

Writing) to the respective Owners thereof; and for want of sufficient Distress, the said Justice or Justices For want of di are hereby empowered and required to commit such Matter or Matters, or Person or Persons acting asro be com such, and so convicted as aforesaid, to the common Gaol of the County, City, Town Corporate, ortom, Ue, J' the House of Correction of the County where the Offenders shall be respectively convicted as aforesaid, there to remain for the Space of two Months, or until Payment shall be made of the Penalties and Forfeitures, or so much thereof, as for the Nonpayment of which such Commitment shall be.

III. And whereas it frequently happens, that Ships and Vessels are run on Shore, sunk or stranded in Ship sunk or Harbours, Ports, Channels and navigable Rivers, or are brought or drove into the same in a ruinous or uranjej, C

5 shattered Condition, and the Owner, or some other Person having, or pretending to have the Command or Power of such Ship or Vessel, frequently ship off or take away the Rigging, Tackle and other valuable Parts thereof, and permit the Hulk to link in the Sand, in such Harbours and Places as aforesaid, and there to remain; and great Damages often happen thereby, not only by other Ships and Vef ' fels flicking or running thereon, but by filling up the Channel in such Harbours and Places, so as to i render the same impracticable, or very difficult or dangerous for Navigation, before the same can be rec

in an Harbour, and permitted to remain there,

Justices to summon the Owner, C

and upon Conviction, to issue Warrants for seizing and removing the Ship and Tackle,

and unless the Owner give Security within 5 Days,

to make Sale of the same.

Justices to execute this A in discriminateiy.

convictions to be final.

Distress not to be sold till after 5 Days,

Limitation of the Powers of this Act,

C 22. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

moved by any of the Laws in Being: 'now for the more effectually remedying such Mischiefs for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Ship or Vessel shall, after the said first Day of June, be sunk, stranded, or run on Shore in any Harbour, Port, Channel or navigable River, or shall be brought or drove in, or be there in a ruinous or shattered Condition as aforesaid, and permitted to remain there, and the Owner, or foine other Person having, or pretending to have any Property therein, or the Command or Power thereof, or any other Person or Persons by their or any of their Order, Privity or Afient, shall begin to take down, or carry away any of the Rigging or Tackle, or if there shall not be any Person to take Care of the said Ship or Vessel, it shall be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where or near such Sass, Accident or Offence shall happen, upon Information thereof, and he and they are hereby authorised and required, to summon, or issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend and bring before him or them the Owner, or other Person having, or pretending to have the Command or Power over such Ship or Vessel; and upon his or their Appearance or Default, to proceed to examine the Matter of Sass, in Manner and Form aforesaid; and in case upon such Examination, such Justice or Justices shall find any Owner, or other Person having, or pretending to have the Command or Power Over such Ship or Vessel, or any of the Persons aforesaid, guilty of such Offence as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to issue his and their Warrant or Warrants for seizing and removing such Ship or Vessel, and also the Rigging or Tackle thereof, in such Manner as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct; and if the Owner, or such other Person aforesaid, shall not within five Days give Security, according to the Approbation of such Justice or Justices, to clear the Harbour, Port, Channel or River of such Vessel, and of all Wreck, and Parts belonging to the same, and pay the Charges and Expenses of seizing, removing and disposing of such Ship or vessel, Tackle or Furniture, then to cause the Hulk, Rigging or Tackle to be iold, and with or out of the Money arising by such Sale, to pay the Charges and Expenses of clearing the Harbour or Place where such Ship or Vessel shall lie; and also the Charges and Expenses of seizing, removing and selling such Ship, Vessel, Furniture and Tackle, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners of such Manor where the same shall happen,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Justices aforesaid may, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to put this Act in Execution against any Person or Persons within their several jurisdictions, although such Justice or Justices shall or may be rated or assessed, or do, or shall, or may actually pay for or towards the Maintenance or Relief of the Poor of any Parish, Town or Place, in which any Conviction in pursuance of this Act shall be pronounced; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it also enacted, That all Convictions, to be pronounced by the Authority of this Act, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, not to be appealed from, or removed into any Court of Record at Westminster.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That none of the Distresses to be at any Time made by virtue of this Act, or any Part of such Distresses, shall be sold till after the Expiration of five Days from the Day of making such Distresses respectively; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons convicted in the meanwhile (to wit, at any Time before the Expiration of the said five Days) to redeem such Distress, by Payment of the Money for which the sames shall have been made by virtue hereof, to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, together with the Costs and Charges of and for making, seizing, and detaining such Distress.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to exr tend, to take away, abridge, diminish or alter any Right, Benefit or lawful Use, that the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors adjoining to or bordering upon any Haven, Port, 'Road, Channel or River, or that any other Person or Persons whatsoever hath or have to such Haven, Port, Channel or River, or to the Banks, Shores or Sides thereof, or any Fishery, Manufactures or Royalties therein; nor extend to the casting out, unlading or throwing out of any Ship, Pink, Crayer, Lighter, keil boat or other Vessel, any Stone, Rocks, Bricks, Lime ot other Materials, used or to be used, in or towards the building, amending, repairing and keeping in Repair, any Quay, Pier, Wharf, Wear or Bridge, or the Banks or Sides of any Haven, Port, Road, Channel or navigable River within this Realm; but, on the contrary, this Act shall be construed and taken to prevent the Mischiefs to be done in, or to, or upon the said Havens, Ports, Roads, Channels or Rivers, which may any ways tend to obstruct, prejudice, incommode, hinder or do any Annoyance in the said Havens, Ports, Roads, Channels or Rivers, or prejudice the Navigation therein and not otherwise.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to take away, abridge, diminish or limit any former or other Jurisdiction or Right, or Remedy, to punish any Nuisance to be done or committed in any Haven, Port, Road, Channel or navigable River.

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II.

3* — 25.

671

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue two Acts of Parliament; one for encouraging the Growth of coffcc in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

WHEREAS n Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 5c0. z. C j4.

1 Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty' s Plantations in America; and to continue and be in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand ("even hundred and thirty-five, to the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act passed in the sixth Year of the go.: C 13.

Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securin* and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, to continue and be in Force for the Term of five Years, to be cotn puted from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by another Act passed in the eleventh Year of the uceo. 1. C i3. Reign of his said present Majesty, the several terms granted by the tuvo before mentioned Acts were cn larged and continued from the Expiration of the said Terms, for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And forasmuch as the said recited Acts have, by Experience, been found beneficial, and are fit to be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the before mentioned Acts, and each of them, and all the Powers and Clauses therein covtained, t1'rcc', 5j Acts shall be, and are hereby continued to be in full Force and Effect from and after the Expiration of the re y"^"uc<1, or 7 spective Terms by the said Acts severally granted, enlarged and continued, for and during the further nt 5 C 2. C Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 14.3

Far (hr continued

h 2s Geo. z, C 35. 32 Geo. 2. c. 23. and the 6 Geo. 2.c, 13* 4 Farther continued by 26 Geo. 2. c. 32.' and 1 Geo. 3. c. 9

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to empower Lora Pitt, Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River Frootne; and to make a Causeway to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over Forthington Moor in the County of dor 'set.

PR.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

EXP.

WHEREAS a wicked and unnatural Rebellion against his Majesty, hath been raised and ca ried on within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas, at this Juncture, it is necessary for the public Safety, and for the Safety of every particular Subject, to prevent their being seduced to rebellious, seditious, and unlawful Practises against his Majesty's Sacred Person, Government and the Laws, and that by such Methods as may be most easy to the Subjects; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and until The King's aj the twentieth Day of November following, the King's Advocate, or his Deputy of Scotland, may and shall, vocate, rin upon a Warrant under his Majesty's Hand, or Sign Manual, apply to the Lords Justice General, Justice warrant 0?° Clerk, and Commissioners of Justiciary in Scotland, craving that Letters maybe issued; and upon Pro sigtlvlanuai duftion of such Warrant, the said Lords justice General, Justice Clerk, and Commissioners of Justiciary, from his Majesty, or a Quorum of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause Letters to be issued in his Majesty's to apply forlet name, and at the Instance of his Advocate, or his Deputy in Scotland, for his highness's Interest, in ersj common Form, commanding and charging such Person or Persons, having their Estates or ordinary Re n°rral e"

fidence within Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or any other Place or Places in Scotland before the said jffue Letters, C Court of Justiciary, then and there to find sufficient Bail for the loyal and peaceable Behaviour of every such Person or Persons, and to appear when and were the said Court shall direct; and the said Letters to con letters re to contain a Warrant for citing of the said Person or Persons, being within Scotland, perfo tan? nally, or at their dwelling houses, or at the Discretion of the said Court, upon Cause shown, to cite in 'where in the same Manner as by the Law of Scotland, where there is no Tutus Acceffus, is directed upon fifteen free there is notutus Days, or not being within Scotland upon sixty Days, according to the Forms ufej for citing Persons who Acceffus. are absent out of Scotland.

672

Ter font appearing to find Bail, Arc. or kc coaimitted.

Ptralfy of disob.dknce.

C. 26. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Appearance of the person or Persons summoned, pursuant to the Letters aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Court, to require such Person or Persons to find sufficient Bail, in such Sum as they in their Discretion shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling, for the loyal and peaceable Behaviour of every such Person or Persons, and to appear at such Place as the said Court shall appoint, at any Time within the Space of six Calendar Months from the Date of such Bail; and every such Person refusing or neglecting to give such Bail, shall by the Court be committed to Prison for the Space of six Months, or until such Bail shall be found; and every Person being guilty of wilful Disobedience, in not appearing pursuant to such Summons, shall incur the Penalty of Single and Life Rent Escheat, to be brought in for his Majesty's Use, and shall be further fined in the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling, and be liable to one year's Imprisonment.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie, william Viscount of Strathallan, Alexander Lord Pitjligo, David Wcmyfs Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of Wemyfs; James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan; Simon Fraser Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth, James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee, John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Style of Lord Nairn; 'David Ogilvie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth, Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldic; Sir ipiliiam Gordon of Park, John Murray of Broughton, Esquire; John Gordon the elder, of glen bucket, Donald Cameron the younger, of Locbiel, Doctor Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochicl; Ludovick Cameron of For Castle, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald of cla.nrwald, junior. Son to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald, Donald Mac Donald of loch garie, Alexander Mac Donald of Keppoch, Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald of Barifdale; Alexander Mac Donali of Glencoe, Evan Mac Pherjon of Clunie, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan of Collie Lauchlan, John Mac Kinnon of Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardjhicl, George Lockhart, eldest: boa and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart of Carnwath; Lawrence Oliphant the elder, of ga/k; Lawrence Gliphant the younger, of Gajk, James Graham the younger, of Airth, John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquharson of Monasterye, Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglash; Lauchlan Mac intosh. Merchant at Inverness, malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Lead, Son to Mailer John Mac Lend Advocate; John Stay, Portioner of Reflalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumjdale, otherwise Lumjdain, Son to William Lumsdale, otherwise Lumjdain, Writer in Edinburgh; and William, Fiddler, Clerk in the auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, if they shall not render themselves to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on. or before the twelfth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and submit to Justice.

PR.

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II.

C 27. 673

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the more effectual fecufing the Duties now payable on foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all foreign made Sails with a Duty;

and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first: setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma jcco = C 37

jesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating tie Manufacture of British Sail

1 Cloth and for the niore effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this, jcco. C S.

Kingdom; and which by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, was continued to

the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament; it was enacted, 'hat from and after the twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, all foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, usually

entered as Hollands Duck or Vitry Canvas, which (hold be fit and proper to be made ul'e of for the ycr p, m, Pr

making of Sails, for navigating Ships or vessels, and which (hold be imported into Great Britain by fr t,

way of Merchandise, and for which any Duties had been granted, or were made payable, or ought f'

C to be paid to his Majesty, should be stamped at the Time of landing thereof, at or in the Port or Place^C

where the same (hold be imported or landed; and that the Commissioners of the Customs of Great iixr.x.jt. j. C Britain should provide, or cause to be provided, and to be distributed to the proper Officers of the

Customs of the Ports where such foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas (hold be imported, a sufficient ivcv'aa; ?. ' Number of Stamps, with which the said Officers were thereby required to fiamp every such Piece or Parcel of foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas; and which Stamps should express or denote the Place or Country from whence the same Sail Cloth or Canvas was imported; and the said Commissioners were thereby required to take Care that the said Stamps should be so contrived, that the Impression thereof might be durable, and so as the same might be the lead liable to be counterfeited; and diverse Penalties and Forfeitures Were by the said Act directed to be levied and inflicted, in order to prevent the counterfeiting of such Stamps, and selling foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas with counterfeit Stamps, and the working up the same unstamped, in such Manner as is therein mentioned: And whereas not only great Numbers of Sails made up in Foreign Parts, made of Foreign Canvas are used by Mailers of Ships and Vessels for navigating such Ships and Vessels into this Kingdom; but also great Quantities of foreign made Sail Cloth and Canvas, fit for making Sails, are imported into, and made and wrought up into Sails in this Kingdom, without paying the Duty, or being stamped as by the former Laws is directed, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Subjects, and the Diminution of the public Revenue; 'For the remedying and preventing whereof for the future, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty south Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun t03make Entry" dred and forty six, every Mailer of any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, navi upon Oath of gated with any foreign made Sail or Sails, or who shall have "any foreign made Sail or Sails on board ailforeign his Ship or Vessel, shall, at the Time of making his Entry or Report or such Ship or Vessel at the Cu, 3 on

ilom house where such Ship or Vessel shall be entered, also make an Entry and Report upon Oath, of '

all and every foreign made Sail and Sails used in, or being on board every such Ship or Vessel; the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel shall, before such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared by the Officers of theandbcfore Customs inwards, where such Ship or Vessel makes any Discharge of her Lading, pay to his Ma clearing, pay jesty, his Heirs and Successors, the like and the same Duties as are charged upon, and made payable^by an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for An me, ft. i.'

the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, for all foreign made Sails imported C jo. by way of Merchandise.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That every such Sail shall be stamped at the Port or Place where Sails to be such Ship, or Vessel shall make her Entry as aforesaid, in Manner herein after mentioned; and in case pj^eef Entry, the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel shall not make such Entry, and pay the said Duty, before the Ship On non entry, ' or Veiled shall be cleared by the Officers of the Customs inwards, all and every such Sail and Sails shall frc. thesails to be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and such Mailer shall, for every fu: h Offence also bs forleiu!'l 1 forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, which said Sum of fifty Pounds shall be applied, one Moiety thereof to The Matter to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons forl eit 5o1 who shall sue for the same.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if the Mafier of such Ship or vef js", nt^ro fel shall, after his Report and Entry made, and before the Ship or Veiled is cleared by the Officers of the Duty, 1'the Customs inwards, declare his Intention of not choosing to pay the said Duty, and shall deliver to

the Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place where he makes such Entry and Report as aforesaid, r, (| l uverin^ such Sail or Sails for which lie has declared his Intention of not paying the sail Duty; that then, and in thesails tn: Vessel) Case, 'such Sail and Sails is and are hereby declared to be forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and ?ceroi d successors, and, such Master shall not be subject or liable to pay the ibid Dufy or Penalty of fifty Pounds; uk! Sal's u any tiling.herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. forfeited.

4 R

L

Sails browptlit from the Call in did, exempted from Duty.

Foreign made Sail Cloth imported.

to be stamped at Che landing.

Stamps of S Inches Diame' L to be made, &c.

Stamps to be dipped in red Lead and Oil; and to denote the Place of I'ntry of the Sail Cloth.

Forging the Stamps, q.

to forfeit 501.

Foreign made Sail Cloth made up unstamped.

to be forfeited, and the Sail maker, C

to pay 501.

to be levied by D litre's;

or be enronut

ted for IX Months.

Stamps to be put on the act Side of the Sails, CC

27. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, adjudged or taken to charge or make liable any Captain or Matter of any Ship or Vessel, coming from the East Indies, with any of the Duties or Forfeitures aforesaid, for or upon Account of such Ship or Vessel being navigated with, or having on board any Foreign made Sail or Sails, which shall be by such Captain or Matter, bona sids, brought from the East indies j anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, all foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, usually entered as Hollands Ducks or Vitry Canvas, fit and proper to be made use of for the making of Sails for navigating of Ships or Vessels, which shall be imported into Great Britain, by way of Merchandise, and upon the Importation whereof any Duties have been granted or are made payable, or which ought to be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, shall be damped at the Time of landing thereof, at or in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported or landed, as hereafter mentioned.

VI. And whereas the Stamps now used at the custom house, in pursuance of the said former AI, are of too final] Dimensions, and, as the same are now used and applied, make a very obscure Mark and Impression, and which is liable to be soon defaced and become undistinguishable It is therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Customs of Great Britain shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, provide or cause to be provided, such and so many Stamps of eight Inches Diameter each, as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, for the damping of all foreign made Sails; and foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, and shall for that Pufpoie cause a proper Number of the said Stamps to be sent to, and distributed amongst the respective proper Officers of the Customs of all and every the Port and Ports within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and the Officers of every such Port are hereby enjoined and required to stamp all such foreign made Sails, and foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, which shall be imported and entered at the several Ports where they respectively reside; which said Stamps shall, in order to make the Impression durab'e, be dipped in a Liquor made of red Lead well mixed with linseed Oil well boiled; and the said Stamp or Impression therewith to be made, shall express and denote the Place and Port in which such Sails, and foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas are entered; and the said Commissioners, in providing the said Stamps for the Purposes aforesaid, shall take care that they be so contrived, that the Impression thereof may be plain and durable, so as the same may be lead liable to be forged or counterfeited; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times from and after the said twenty fourth Day of June, counterfeit or forge any Stamp, which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, upon any of the said foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, or foreign made Sails, chargeable with any Duty by virtue of this Act, or of any former Act or Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf; or shall sell such Sail Cloth or Canvas with such counterfeit or forged Stamps, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties thereby and hereby granted; then every such Person so offending, and duly convicted thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, no Matter sailmaker, Journeyman sailmaker, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, within Great Britain, and from and after the twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and foity iix, no Matter sailmaker, Journeyman sailmaker, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, in his Majesty Plantations in America, shall make or work up into Sails or Tarpawlins, or cause to be made or worked up into Sails or Tarpawlins, any foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas not stamped according to this Act; and in case any Matter or Journeyman sailmaker, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make or work up. or cause to be made or worked up, into Sails or Tarpawlins, any foreign Sail Cloth or Canvas, other titan as aforesaid, such Sails and Tarpawlins shall be forfeited; and every such Matter or Journeyman Sailmaker, or such other Person or Persons so oflending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit 11 efies, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where the said Offence tttall be committed (which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Sail or Tarpawlin by him or them so made, or caused to be made, not being stamped as aforesaid; which said Penalty or Forfeiture of fifty Pounds shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and shall go and be applied to the Use or the Informer or Informers; and for want of such distress, "it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Indices, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit such Matter or journeyman sailmaker, or other Person, to the Gaol of the County, City, Riding, Division, Town or Place where such Offence was committed, there to remain without bail or Mainprize for the Space of six Months, or until he pays the said Penalty of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every sailmaker or other Person, who shall make up into Sails any foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas, shall place the Stamps affixed or imprefi ed on such foreign Sail Cloth or Canvas in the most conspicuous Part of such Sails (that is to say) on the after Side

rofluch Sails, and in such Manner, that the Number of Stamps in every Sail may appear proportion ably to the Number of Bolts or Pieces contained in the said Sail; and in case any sailmaker or other Person shall make up any foreign made Sail Cloth or Canvas into Sails, in any other Maimer than

A.D. 1746. Anno decitno nono Georgii II.

C 28. 675

aforesaid, such Sails shall be forfeited, and such sailmaker or such other Person (lull, for every such pcni iy Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master sailmaker, Journeyman sailmaker or other Person whatsoever, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven s°iu^tu un hundred and forty seven, alter, repair or mend any Sail or Sails made of foreign made Sail Cloth or Harped, no"' Canvas, not stamped according to this Act; and in case any Master or Journeyman sailmaker, or to be mended, other Person, shall alter, repair or mend any Sail or Sails not stamped as aforesaid, every fuel] Master ftc and Journeyman sailmaker, or other Person, shall, for every Sail so altered, repaired or mended, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, Penalty id.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of "June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, every sailmaker in Great Britain, and from and after the twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred a: d forty six, every sailmaker in his Majesty's Plantations in America shall affix or impress, or cause to be affixed or jinprested, on every new Sail by him so made, a Stamp of eight Inches Diameter, containing the Name and Place New S, ih to of Abode of such sailmaker, in plain distinct Letters and Words at Length; and which said Stamp, thjtvp.'upi*'1 in order to make the Impression durable, shall be dipped in a Liquor made with Lamp Black well Name, A mixed with Linseed Oil well boiled; and in case any sailmaker or other Person shall make any new Sail or Sails, and shall deliver the same to any Captain or Master of any Ship or Vessel, not being stamped with his Name and Place of Abode as aforesaid, every such Sail shall be forfeited, and every under fnr sail maker or other Person (ita]i, for every Sail by him or them so delivered, not stamped as aforesaid. Id,; i forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds. _'Sarlwnd, oi.

XI. And whereas Doubts have arisen about the Meaning of a Clause in the said Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, by which Ships or Vessels are obliged, at their first setting out,

or being first navigated at Sea, to be furnished with one (fill and complete Set of Sails made of Sail Cloth manufactured in Great Britain: To obviate such Doubts for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred ships new built and forty six, every Ship or Vessel which shall be built in Great Britain, and from and after the in (Jrest Britain twenty-ninth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, every Ship or Vessel which oramcmca' shall be built in his. majesty's Plantations in America, shall, upon her first setting out, or being first: navigated, have or be furnished with 011c full and eompleat Set of new Sails [bona fide, belonging to on first setting such Ship or Vessel) made of Sail Cloth manufactured in Great Britain; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall not, on her first setting out, be fitted or furnished with a new Set of Sails, properly belonging to sir of new such Ship or Vessel, made of Sail Cloth of the Manufacture of Great Britain as aforesaid; then. Sails, manu nnft fnr every such Neglect or Default, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of fifty creamiritain

Pounds.

Penalty 50l.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures herein before imposed on Persons offending against this Act (not otherwise directed and so be recovered applied) shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or in such of his Majesty's Plantations wherein such Offence shall be committed; in which Suit no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; which said Forfeitures shall be applied, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and disposej. his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force This Act to for the Term of seven Years, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven continue for hundred and forty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no? con.

longer.

Geo. 2. c. 32

and again by 32 Gee

See

tinutd by 20 Gw. z. C 21 32.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the better regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for

such Cities and Towns in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of

themselves.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to j Geo. C. 3. explain and amend the Laws, touching the Elections of Ktrgkts of the Shire to ferae in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, several good Provisions were enacted for the better regulating tyre said Elections: whereas it is reasonable, that like Provisions should Ire made for the due Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns in that of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves, and in which Persons have a Right to vote for electing such Members, for and in respect of Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the yearly Va ' lue of forty Shillings; Therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament persons assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one manding to

thousand seven hundred and forty six, every Person demanding to vote for the Election of any Member of

to serve in Parliament for such City or Town, being a County of itself, in that Part of Great Britain Member"'called England, for and in respect of any Freehold Estate of forty Shillings a Year, shall, before he is if required, to admitted to poll at the said Election (if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any Person hav ic

4 R 2 ing ovins'

The Oath.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

irtg a Right to vote at the said Election) first take the Oath (or being a Quaker, thefolemn Affirmation) folic L

The Oath, C by whom to be administertd.

Wilful Purjury and Subornation to be pu niilipd as by

5 Eliz.

C 9.

& z Geo. 2. c. 25.

10 Annx, C 23,

t? Annx, ft. 1. C 5.

C 28.

; a Rig

lowing, videlicet:

i, I

r'otj shall swear (or, being a Quaker, you shall solemnly affirm) That you have a Freehold Estate, con filling of (fpceifying the Nature of such Freehold Estate, whether Message, Land, Rent, Tithe, or what el.e; and if such Freehold Piftate consists in Messuages, Lands or Tithes, then specifying in whose Occupation the same are; and if Rent, then specifying the Names of the Owners or Po lie lions of the Lands or Tenements, out of which such Rent is iffiiing, or some or one of them) lying or being in the City and County, or Town and County (as the Case may be) of. V ..of the clear yearly

Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable cut of, or in respect of the same; and that you have been in the ad Hal Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, for your own Use, above twelve Calendar Months; or that the same came to you within the Time aforesaid, by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion, to an Office; and that finch Freehold Eftaie has not been granted or made to you fraudulently, on Purpose to qu difiy you to give your Vote; and that the Place of your Abode is at 'in. and that you are

twenty-one Years of Age, as you believe; and that you have not been polled, before at this Election.

Which Oath (or solemn Affirmation) the Sheriff or Sheriffs, by him or, themselves, or his or their: Under Sheriff or Under Sheriffs, or such sworn Clerk or Clerks, as shall be by him or them appointed for the taking of the Poll, is and are hereby required to udminilber; and in case any Freeholder, or other Person, taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; if any Person do unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder, or other Person, to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted; and they, for every such Offence, shall incur such Pains and Penalties, as are in and by two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, incituled, An Act for Punishment of finch perfims as. shall procure or commit wilful Perjury, the other made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, Subornation of Perjury; and to snake it Felony to Jleal Bonds, Notes. or other Securties for Payment of Money; directed to be inflicted for Offences committed contrary to the said Acts.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act' Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; it was enacted, That no Person should vote for the eleding a Knight of the Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right of any Lands or Tenements which had not been charged or a Helled to the public Taxes, Church Rates, and Parish Duties, in such Proportion as other Lands or Tenements of forty Shillings per Annum, within the same Parish or Township where the same should lie, or had been usually charged: And whereas by an Act ' of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, for explaining the said recited Clause, it is enacted, that the said Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to restrain any Person from voting in such Election of any Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right of any Rents, Tithes, or other Incorporeal Inheritances, or any Messuages or Lands in extra parochial Places,

or any Chambers in the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, or any Messuages or Seats belonging to any Offices, in Regard or by Reason that the same have not been usually charged or assessed to all or any the public Taxes, Church Rates and Parish Duties aforesaid; in 'Respect or Right of any other Messuages or Lands not therein before specified, in Regard or by Reason that the Tame have not been usually charged or assessed to all and every the public Taxes, Church Rates and Parish Duties aforesaid; that such Messuages or Lands have usually been charged or assessed to? some one or more of the said public Taxes, Rates or Duties, in such Proportion as other Messuages or Lands of forty Shillings per Annum in the same Parish or Township, where the same shall lie or be, are usually charged to the same: Which said Provisions are recited in an Act of Parliament made

13 Geo. 2. c. 20.

is Geo. 2. C js.

Tart of the Act ot 13 Geo. 2. repealed.

Qualification of Pc fors who shall vote lor Members for citie's or Towns being Counties.

England; and are therein enacted to extend, and to be construed to extend, to such Lands or Tenements, for or in Respect of which any Person shall vote for the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament for any such City or Town as aforesaid, being a County of itself, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And whereas by an Act passed in the lafb Session of this present Parliament, it is enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts of the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, as disables any Person to vote for Knights of Shires in Respect or in right. ' of any Lands or Tenements which have not been charged or assessed as therein mentioned. shall be and is repealed; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as extends the said Provisions to such Cities and Towns that are Counties of themselves as aforesaid, shall also, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fortyffix, be, and is hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of funedonts thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Person shall vote for the eleding a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City or Town, being a County of itself as aforesaid that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right of any Freehold Messuages, Lands or Tenements, of

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 28. 677

the yearly value of forty Shillings as aforesaid, which have not been charged or assessed towards some

Aid granted, 'or hefcaster to be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by a Land Tax in Great Britain twelve Calendar Months next before such Election: Provided, That nothing herein con Exception.

tained shall extend, or be construed to restrain any Person from voting in any such Election for Cities

and towns as are Counties of themselves as aforesaid, in Respect or in Right of any Rents, or any

messuages or Seats belonging to any Offices, in Regard or by Reason that the same have not been usually charged or assessed to the Aid commonly called the Land Tax, and the acting Commissioners conimlffior.ers

of the' Land Tax for the time being, or any three or more of them, at their Meetings, shall sign and

leal oik other Duplicate of the Copies of the Assessment or Assessments to be delivered to them by dupi'c cf

the Assessofsafter all Anneals determined, and the same shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to lllc Aflerrmems,

'the Persons officiating as Clerks' of the Peace within the Districts of the said Cities and Towns, locing th^cicrics'of

County's of themselves as aforesaid respectively, to be by them kept amongst the Records of the Sef the i'eace, 'lc.

lions, to which all Persons may resort at all seasonable Times, and inspect the same, paying sixpence nd

for such Inspection; the said Persons officiating as Clerks of the Peace, or their Deputies, are Copies to be

hereby required forthwith to give Copies of the said Duplicates, or any Part thereof, to any Person or rtvcn L 1'< r

Persons who shall require the same, paying after the Rate of sixpence for every three hundred Words; f "i2, r, E

audio in Proportion for any greater or leis Number.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty p^rt.nsvc: n, fourth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Person shall vote in such Election '

of a'member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City or Town, being a County of itself, n, C siuenj i,

and in which Persons have a Right to vote for such Members, for and in respect of Lands, Tone^>.

or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of forty Shillings, unless such Persons shall have a freehold Estate in the City and County, or Town and County for which lie votes, of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respcq of the and to be in same, and shall have been in the actual Possession, or in Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, above twelve Calendar Months, except the same came to him within the Time afore Months, said by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise or Promotion to any Benefice in a Church, Exception, or by Promotion to an Office; and no Person shall vote in Respect or in Right of any Freehold estate which was made or granted to him fraudulently, on purpose to qualify him to give his Vote, or shall vote more than once at the same Election; if any Person shall vote in any such J, enajtf, cf

Election contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, he shall forfeit to any Candidate for o^i^tion,

whom such Vote shall not have been given, and who shall first lue for the same, the Sum of forty C "

to he recovered by him or them, his or their Executors or Administrators, together with full

Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eitoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege or Imparlance shall be admitted or allowed;, gird in every such Action the Proof shall lie on such Person against whom the same was brought, The Proof unless ..the Fast on which such Action is grounded be, the having polled more than once at the same where to he, C Election.

V. And be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Public or Parliamentary Tax, Church Taxes not or Parish Rate or Duty, or any other Tax, Rate or Assessment whatsoever, to be assessed or levied wlt ln t, is within such Cities or Towns, being Counties of themselves as aforesaid, is or shall be deemed or construed to be any Charge payable out of or in respect of any Freehold Estate within the Meaning and Intention of this Act, or of the Oath or solemn Affirmation herein before directed to be admimfiered

to and taken by every Freeholder, if required, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff or Sheriffs of any City Sheriff to allow or Town, being a County of itself, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in his or their j! Cheque Bock Absence, his or their under Sheriff or under Sheriffs, or such other Personas he or they shall depute,

shall, at every Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City or Town, allow a Cheque Book for every Poll Book for each Candidate, to be kept by their respective in speftors, at the Place where the Pol! for such Election shall be taken or carried on.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty sheriffs to give fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ferty six, the Sheriff or Sheriffs of every City or pu!'lick f'otlce' town, being a County of itself, and having a Right to cleft a Member or Members of Parliament by.

virtue of the Writ issuing out of Chancery, without any Precept thereupon, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Avail forthwith, upon the Receipt of the writ for Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City or Town, cause public Notice to be given of the Time and and to proceed' Place of Election, and shall proceed to Election thereupon, within the Space of eight Days next after that of his Receipt of the said Writ, and give three Days Notice thereof at least, exclusive of the a'll'erreceipt5 Day of the Receipt of the Writ, and of the Day of Election. of the Writ.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Sheriff or under She sheriffs offend riff, presiding at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any such City os ing,

Town, being a County of itself as aforesaid, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall

wilfully offend against, or aft contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Sheriff or under Sheriff shall be liable to be prosecuted by Information or Indictment in his Majesty.'s Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or at the Affixes for the City or Town where such Offence shall be may e p nts commiite.d, in which no Noli profeqiti, or Cejjat Prsceffii). shall be granted j any Law, Custom or Usage kiife svcnch, to the conn ary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.: "

o78 C 29.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

puintmftliow to proceed,

Stilts to be commenced within 9 Months.

Statutes of Jeofails extended to such Proceedings.

Plain tiff discontinuing, C llaall pay treble Costs.

Limitation of this Act.

Set farther 31 Geo. 2. C t4. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be sufficient for the Plaintiff, in any Action of Debt given by this Act, to set forth in the Declaration or Bill, that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum of and to allege the particular Offence for

which the Action or Suit is brought, and that the Defendant hath added contrary to this Act, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof; and it shall be sufficient in any Indictment or Information for any Offence committed contrary to this Act, to allege the particular Offence charged upon the Defendant, and that the Defendant is guilty thereof, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof; and upon Trial of any Issue in any such Action, Suit, Indictment or Information, the Plaintiff, Prosecutor or Informer shall not be obliged to prove the Writ of Summons to Parliament, or the Return thereof, or any Warrant or Authority to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, grounded upon any such Writ of Summons.

X. Provided always, That every Action, Suit, Indictment or Information given by this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of nine Calendar Months after the Fact upon which the same is grounded shall have been committed;

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Statutes of Jeofails, and Amendments of the Law whatsoever, shall and may be construed to extend to all Proceedings in any Action, Suit, Indictment or' Information given or allowed by this Act, or which shall be brought in pur fuanee thereof.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Plaintiff or Informer, in any Action, Suit, Indictment or Information given by this Act, shall discontinue the same, or be nonsuited, or Judgement be otherwise given against him; then, and in any of the said Cases, the Defendant against whom such Action, Suit or Information shall have been brought, shall recover his treble Costs.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or airy thing therein contained (other than and except such Clauses and Provisions as are by this Act made for or concerning allowing Cheque Books, or for or concerning Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Election, and proceeding to Election thereupon) shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any City or Town, being a County of itself, or to any Person or Persons, where the Right of voting for any Member or Members of any such City or Town is, for or in respect of Burgage Tenure, ov where the Right of voting for such Member or Members, for or in respect of a Freehold, does not require the same to be of the yearly Value of forty Shillings.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for settling an additional Revenue of twenty-five thousand Pounds upon his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by the glorious Success with which it has pleased Almighty God to bless your Majesty's Arms, under the auspieious Conduct of your majesty's dearly beloved Son the Duke of Cumberland, we may reasonably hope for a happy and speedy End of the present wicked and unna tural Rebellion In return therefore for your majesty's unwearied Care and affectionate Concern for the Safety and Prosperity of your People, ot which the exposing a Life so justly valuable to your majesty, is a most endearing Proof, we beg Leave to offer your Majesty the warmed Assurances of that Duty and Loyalty which mud ever flow from Hearts full of Gratitude and Affection: And rhat we may in some ineasure expre.'s the deep Sense we have of the indefatigable Labours his Royal Highne s the Duke of Cumberland has undergone, and the eminent Services he has performed, in the Defface of your Majesty, and his Country, we most humbly beseech your Majesty that an additional Revenue may be settled on his Royal Highness, and the Heirs Males of his Body; which Provision, we pray Almighty God, by the long Continuance of his illustrious Line, may remain as a lading Monument to all Ages, of our Respect, Gratitude and Affection for his Royal Highness the Duke, to whose distin guillred Conduct and Courage, under God and your Majesty, we owe the pleating Prospect of being speedily delivered from the Horrors and Desolation that must have accompanied the Continuance of this detestable Rebellion: Wherefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, tile Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au an Annuity of thority of the same, That his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and <hc Heirs Males 25, cooi. to be of his Body, shall have, receive and enjoy, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, one Annuity or yearly ivk t0f am, Rent, or Sum of twenty live thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, out of the Duties beriand and" and Revenues which compose the Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of the Heirs Males them (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sum's of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts off Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other gregate Fund"; Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund) to commence which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, and*5' commence from the Eeaft Day of the Annunciation of the bleffec! Virgin Mary in the Year of isfequarterly. our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and shall be paid and.payable quarterly to his said

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 29. 679

Royal Highness, and the Heirs Males of his Body, at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of the Nativity of Saint "John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first quarterly Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Nativity Of Saint John the Baptist, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for j.rcf[up'to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, and the high Treasurer and under Treasurer, pifsu* of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby autho Debentures for rized, empowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt pa>inr th an of the Exchequer, now, and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to nulty' time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of twenty live thousand Pounds, as the same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, pr any part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and pa fled thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now, and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, to his said Royal Highness the Duke, and the Heirs Males of his Body as aforesaid, at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the flgning of such Warrant, the same TE Warrant shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, ard of not to be de this Act, and shall not be determinable or revokable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty (wlicm God terminable, long preserve) or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord high Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury Treasury and now being, and the high Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being. Chancellor Exchequer and under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Mi to art without nifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now, and for the time being, shall, and see.

they are hereby authorised and ftriblly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are herein before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or The duke's

Receipts of his said Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland., and the Heirs Males of his Bcdy, c

and of such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled or authorised to receive the said Annuity or

yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment to be a sufficient thereof, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, and Discharg. that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from a 1 The Annuity Taxes, Impositions and other public Charges whatsoever j and in case any of the Officers of the re free from ail ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, oj^'s of the or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent of this Act, or to do any at necessary to enable his Exchequer Cfor said Royal Highness, and the Heirs Males of his Body, to receive the same, then his said Royal High Nonpayment, ness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, and such other Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and ad may bt sees, ministrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover judgments, and sue out ex c. ecutions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any at necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers, to enable his said Royal Highness and the Heirs Males of his Body to receive the same.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or The annu ty

Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, shall be, and the same is by this Act vested in his said Royal j

Highness, and the Heirs Males of his Body; and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not.at any Heirs Mai';

Time or Times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or encumbered by his said Royal his Body, not Highness, or by any of the Heirs Males of his Body, for any greater or longer Estate or Time than che during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering the same, or so as to prevent the same from defeending to the Heirs Maks in Tail, according to the said Limitations.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times hereafter, if byre mp -- by the Redemption of any of the Duties or Revenues comcofing the said Aggregate Fund, there shall I tion of any of not be sufficient Moneys arising thereby to satisfy and pay the said Annuity to his said royal Highness,

and the Heirs Males of his Body, from time to time, as the same shall become due and payable; that fiiaii notai ifs then (notwithstanding such Redemption as aforesaid) the Duties called the two Thirds of a Subsidy of sufficient Mo tonnage and Poundage upon Goods and Merchandizes imported, and the Duties upon Coffee, Cocoa p, utiesfte"b* Nuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, 'Lea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures and Mullins, and comuni«j,

the

o C 30. " Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

the inercafed Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea Nutmegs, Cinnamon; Cloves, Mace and Pictures; the further Rates and Duties upon all White: Calicoes, Poreellan, called Chinaware, and Drugs; ail which said Subsidies and Duties are Part of the said Aggregate Fund, and are intended to be continued, shall be, and the same are hereby enacted, to be continued, and (h II be subject and liable to answer and pay out of the same all the Payments which shall after such Redemption grow due, for and upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, to his said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland., and the Heirs Males of his Body; and the said several Subsidies and Duties so to be continued, and hereby made subject and liable to answer the Payments of the said Annuity of twenty-five thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the same, are and shall be hereby appropriated, issued and applied thereunto, during the Continuance of the same Annuity of twenty-five thousand Pounds to his said Royal Highness the' Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body.; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXX

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

C 2, C 13. C TTOR Advancement of the Trade of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, to and in the fe ' i1. veral British) Sugar Colonies in the West Indies in America, for the better Encouragement of his Majesty's Ships and private, Ships of War, and the annoying and diminishing the Power and Wealth of his Majesty's enemies in those Parts; and for the Increase of Shipping and Seamen for these and other Services; ' Be it enacted by the kings moss.excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Mariners be and by the Authority of the same, That no Mariner or other Person who shall serve on Board, or be Privateers or reta'n«d to serve on Board, any Privateer or trading Ship or vessel, that shall be employed in any of 'iyadin/s'hips, the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies in America, nor any Mariner or other Person being on not to Be inv Shore in the said British Sugar Colonies, or any., of them, shall be liable to be impressed or takenvveft indies' away or shall be impressed or taken away, in or from any of the said British. Sugar Colonies, or any of them, or any of the Ports thereof, or at Sea in those Parts, by any Officer or Officers of or, belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships of War, imp revered by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral cf Great Britain mikfs they shall for the time being, or any other Person whatsoever, unless such Mariner shall! have before deserted tiom lils^ma from such Ship of War belonging to his Majesty, at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of June jesty's Ships. one thousand seven hundred and forty six; upon Pain that any Officer or Officers so impressing or taking away, or causing to be impressed or taken away, any Mariner or other Person, contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, shall! forfeit to the Mailer, or Owner or Owners of any such Penalty 591. Ship of Vessel, the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Man he or they shall so imp refs or take; to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any Court of Record within any Part of his Majesty's Dominions.

II. And. for preventing the Desertion of any Mariners or Seamen from his Majesty's Ships of War, Mailers of Pri' in any of the Parts aforesaid, to any such Trading or Privateer Ship or vessel as aforesaid; fur vateeis and ther.enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Commander, of such Trading or priva totnqufre if ds teer Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall, before he shall receive or entertain, in any of the Parts afofcsaidj such Mariner any Mariner, Seaman, or other Person, to serve on board such Privateer or Trading Ship or Veiled, hitfc deferred endeavour (by all the Ways and Means that he reasonably and conveniently may or can) to discover w ir Jore° whether such Mariner, Seaman or other Person hath deserted from any of his Majesty's Ships or Ship they entertain of War, in any of the Parts aforesaid; and in case any such Mailer or Commander shall receive or him, tec. entertain any Mariner, Seaman or other Person, on Board such Trading Ship or Privateer as aforesaid, without such. Endeavour for such Discovery first had and made, or which he shall know, or be informed, hath deserted from any of his Majesty's Ships or Ship of War, in any of the Parts aforesaid, such master. or Commander shall forfeit to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Penalty 501. sum of, fifty. Pounds, for every Man he shall so receive or entertain, to be recovered with full Coils of Suit in any Court of Record within any Part of his Majesty's Dominions.

: 1JI, And for the more effectual preventing Merchant Ships or Privateers, in any of the Paris aforesaid, from, harbouring or entertaining any Seaman who shall desert his Majesty's Service in any of the lists, cof the Part?; aforesaid. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty mcn employed, fourth Day. of June. one thousand seven hundred and forty six, every Mailer of a Merchant Ship or t^t'aifficer of vessel. Commander of a Privateer, shall, before he shall set Sail from any Port of or belonging to the Port, by the the said; British, Sugar Colonies, or any of them, deliver to the chief officer of the Customs of the Mailers, C Port ifr.om. whence, he shall set Sail, an exact List of all the men.belonging tm such Merchant Ship, or o! Vefltis. Vessel or Privateer, containing their Names, Ages and Descriptions of their pe rfons; upon Pain that'he

Penalty 10l: fttafi forfeit the sum. of ten Pounds to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Man he shall so receive and.entertain on Board, whose Name shall not be inserted in such List, to be recovered

- w; it, h fid! coll.s of Suit in any Court of Record within any Part of his Majesty's Dominions. j

Cahy of the

IV. And it.i.s hereby further enacted, That such Officer of the Customs do return to such Matter l.iu.to b r or Commander an attested Copy of such List so delivered to hint; and that upon the Death or Altera, sutiyjd, -; tion of any Seaman, the said List be immediately altered and delivered to the naval Officer, or chief Officer of the ..Customs, in any Port where such Merchant Ship or Vessel or Privateer shall arrive in: "'manner

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. '30. p

Manner as aforesaid; all which said Lists shall, from time to time, be produced and shewn to any of The Lists to be the Captains or other Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships of War demanding the same; and if any [afn; n0f^kn'oi Man or Men belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships of War, shall be found on Hoard any Merchant v. ir.'

Ship or Vessel or Privateer, whose.name shall not be contained in such List as aforesaid.; the mastermenbtbnjin^ or Commander of such vdtel or Privateer (half forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the men^fw/ir Sum of fifty Pounds, for every such Man which shall be so found' ohi Board, to: be recovered in Mail heinp; aboard, tier as aforesaid. Pi t < >' i. m ' re '. 1 j " ir ', i to ., !ft. a and not in the

V. And for the better fumifliing Seamen to serve on Board his Majesty's Ships of vvar, / whiclr

shall be in or about the several Parts aforesaid in America, for annoying the Enemy, and protecting the forfeit 50l. Trade there, it is Hereby, further enabled. That the Mailer or Commander of every Trading Ship or Matters, ec. Vessel, and every Packet Boat, which shall, from time to time, from and after the said twenty-fourth in '"

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and foity iix, be outward bound, and going for any of the the King's sc r i'arts aforesaid in America, shall be and are hereby obliged (at the Desire of any of his Majesty's Offi vice £* thereunto lawfully authorised, an^l at. the charges of his Majesty, to be paid in manner licrein bound to after, mentioned) to receive on Board, and carry to the Port or Place where to such trading ship,

Vessel or Packet Boat shall be so bound, and there, deliver to such Officer or Person to whom they, shall be assigned, any Number of Mariners, Seamen or other Persons actually entered into his Majesty's Sea Service and Pay (over and above the Compliment of Mariners or Seamen which such Trading Ship, Vessel or.packet Boat usually carries, or which shall be sufficient for navigating the same for such intended Voyage, not exceeding the Proportion of a'fifth. Part, of the.nuinbefr of such usual or, sufficient Compliment, of Mariners or Seamen) upon Pain of forfeiting the, Sum of fifty Pounds) fnr penalty j0]. every such Seaman or Mariner that(lie or they shall refuse to take on Board and carry; or, after having received on Board, shall willingly permit and Buffer to Clcape, to be paid and recovered as aforesaid.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Commander Miners, C t of every Trading Ship or ..Vessel, and every Packet Boat, upon receiving such Mariners, Seamen or rign an ac other Persons on Board for his Majesty's Service, in Manner aforesaid, is hereby required to lign an ^merme acknowledgment in Writing, of his having) received such Mariners, Seamen or other Persons on Board sewed, C

in order to carry and deliver them to such Officer or Person to whom they (Kail be so 'assigned as aforesaid, and to deliver the same to such of his Majesty's Officers who shall Blip the said Mariners, )

Seamen or other Persons on Board such: Trading Ship, .'Vessel or Packet Boat, 'who is to lay the same before the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, which such Officer is hereby required to do; and.such to be laid be master or Coni mander of every such Trading Snip, Veiled and Packet shall, within six months after, his for thecom so receiving any.fio.ch.mai iners, Seamen or other Persons on Board for his Majesty's Service, produce [he^ryf f and deliver to the said Commissioners of; his Majesty's Navy a certificate"in Writing, 'under the Hand '; of the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships of War in the West Indies, or of the' commander4j1eert^te: fremor Captain. of some one of his Majesty's 'Ships ot War in th ef West Indies, that such' Commander br manden C

Officer hath received the said Mariners, Seamen or other Persons' on 'Board 'his majesty's( slil[5s', or of the Men be

such of them as such Commander' or officer) shall receive, which Certificate such Corintiander in Cliiefj b^odu eed or commander or Captain of his Majesty's Ships or Ship of War in the West Indies', are hereby; re to thepcom e quired to give, upon receiving on Board his Majesty's Ships or Ship, the said Mariners, Seamen ' or missioners; other Persons from on Board the said Trading Ships, Vessels and Packet; and upon producing and de 'who shall livering such Certificate, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy are hereby authorised and required to thereon pay the pay to the Master or Commander of such Trading Ship, Vessel or Packet, for the Charges and Ex c^rs5(e0yeanr

pe'nces of so carrying the taid Mariners) Seamen or other Persons, at and after the Rate of sixpence rj"ns'e 1 en'

per Diem for each Mariner, ' Seaman or other Person, wliofename flia.il be contained and set forth in the said Certificate from the Commander in Chief, 'or Commander or Captain of his Majesty's Ships or Ship of War in the tveji ladies, to be so produced' and delivered to the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, from the Time of their being first received on Board the said Trading Ship, Vessel or Packet, to the Time of their being so delivered and received on Board his Majesty's Ships or Ship of War in the West Indies as aforesaid. 1

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any in what Cases threatened or actual Invasion of any of his Majesty's said Colonies in America, or in case of any other Manners may unforeseen and emergent Necessity or Occasion requiring the same, it shall and maybe lawful to and be impresse Jfor the Commanders and Captains of his Majesty's Ships of War, stationed or being in any of the

Parts aforesaid, with the Concurrence, Approbation 'and Corifent of the Governor and Commander in - '»'

Chief, and of the Council for the Time being of the said Colonies, or any of them, but not otherwise, to impress such a Number of Mariners or Seamen to serve on Board his Majesty's said Ships of"

War, as shall be necessary and sufficient to make up the usual and sufficient Compliment of Mariners' or Seamen belonging to each of the said Ships, such Mariners or Seamen lb imprdfed being discharged, " if they require the same, so soon as the Service for which they were so impressed is performed; which j^chobtam Discharge each Captain of, his Majesty's Ship's, whom it may concern, is hereby required to giye; C '"Bes' and in case of his refuting of delaying the same, 'is hereby made subject and liable to pay the Peilalty sc't£rlph' of fifty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any Court of Record oil'.

within any Part of his Majesty's Dominions: anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof5' & 53-in any wise notwithstanding' '. " Cm. 2. C j

ovo 2. C

Vol. VI " 4 S - C 'a.of

682) G. 31".

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

An act for granting to sys pertain Sum 6'f Money, out of the Sinking Fund,

sortie Service; ot 'seven fjjndr^ and forty ijjx; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein, mentioned, and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, 'Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders or other Order?, r lost, burnt or otherwise destroyefh

vuc: d, .: h. m; >'* Mill.

VI. -

jr 1 ot th*l fjtijv)rf; i'iu, VJ ijt uoj 1

rj y j.

-« rmoflx Gracious ..Sovereign,

TT E your majesty's most dutiful, agd loyal Subjects, the Comrtions of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being defirbuk to raise thefnecelfary supplies which we have chearfully granted td ypifr Majesty in this Semon of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred' and' forty six, in the easiest Manner we are able', for the Benefit of your majesty's. Subjects; and alibjto use such Ways, and Means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effedf of the; said Supplies, htive resolved, to give; and grant unto your Majesty the stifri of one million, otfe.of the Shfpltrifies, Excesses and oycrglus.alonies, commonly called The Sinking Fititd\ and to.that a 'knd and Pufpbfe do most hunpbly beseech yokir Majesty that; it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the Kirigfkrnbft Excellent Majesty, of dhd.wfth the advice ind Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; 'arfd Commons, in this; 'prefenp Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 1 by or out of such mpnjes as now are, or shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, ' Excesses or overplus'"monies, [commonly called - the Sinking Ffihd (after paying or reserving lciffic ent to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been direct

td by any rorijicrj nv A Ac rs P Porliompnt tn Ka vnirf Af' tuip» arrw=*v th^rr EL o 11 mrl m mo Ea

One million and applied,

granted our granted, tp.hj§ Majesty,

of the sinking sfid; the icbmnulfiohors of his Majesty.'s treasury, or any three or more of them now. being, or 11'the hi£h Treasurer', or any three of morel of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being.

are hereby authorised and imp.ovy.ered to issue and apply, the same accordingly, clause of i.oan jle And it is.hereb.y enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case t

at, jj jpwfc en tub 1s 'Pi — tu

mou.

Surd

aftfdio.to,

fry's Treasury, or, any three or more of them now being, or the high 1 or more of thb cpmiptffip ners.of the Treasury for s the time being, shall think it

the said of of Treasurer, or any three '" adviseable to raise, the

Tallies and Orders for Repayment

VI. i

Lu

ti - A s -. VA. IV aurariv V ui jv.hu iiu uw xv^ajyijly y. ai urv, i\uuviju iixo xyj.ajwi.y o jja

: 3'chequer any Sum or Sums of, Money, not exceeding the said Sum of one million, upon the Credit

of the said Surplusses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, commonly called The, Sinking Fund; and to have and rec.eiye for the Forbearance of the Money lent, Interest after a Rate riot exceeding four Pounds per. Centfftq. per jinnutn, so as.such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the.treasury, or tany, three, or more ofj them now, beirt^g, or the high! treasurer, or any tbr&.or more of the com mimprl.ers of the treasury for the time, being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants, for tljat .'purpose, as fall, as. such.' Loans, shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that na Mopey so to be lent on the Security of this Abs shall be rated or afteited to any Tax or Assessment

wjhatfpevef., ".'.ur "'L ' M

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons \vho shall lend any Money ujron the Credit of this Abs as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall im irjediately have a.tally of Loan, struck. for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing, the same Date with his, her or their.tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, not exceeding the said Rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the Repayment of the Orders to be Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent shall be registered in Course

registered and according to the Dates re spebtively; and tjiat. all and" every Person and Persons shall be paid in pi in our e, Course, according as their Orders shall stana registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person, or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall, have his, her. or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and r i accounted to be the first Person or Persons jfd be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys; and he, she or they, ', who shall haye, his, her or their. Order or Orders next entered, shall be w - taj^qvana accopht: ed._.tp; bepile.'iecdhd.teffon to be. paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come m of or for the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The Sinking functas aforesaidj shall be in' the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than such Uses and purposes as are appointed by any other act or acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, direcily or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's 8 Subjects,

without, undue Preference,

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo 110110 Georgii II. gv3i1 .6b3

Subjects, for providing or making bfany such Rooks or Registers, br any eiitrie's, View's, or Searches in No See for re or for payment of Money lent, br tile Interest1 thereof, as dfoyesaidj by any olhls majesty's Officer 6r G', u'rint; - Ssc officers, their cierks, of Deputies, oil pairi of Payment of treble Damages to thy Party grieved by the Party offending, with full Costs of suit; Or if the officer himself take of demand any such Fee or Re penalty of unward, then to lose his Place also; 'alld if' any Uridub Preference of one before' another shall be made due i'rcscience. either in Point of Rbgiflry or Payment contrary to the true Meaning of this Act by Any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay tie Value of the Debt With full Costs of Suit to the party"grievtfd, aitd Ilia ll be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or clerk without direclioivor Privity of his Mailer, then fuclf Deputy ol cla k' only shall be liable td such a'dtionj debt, Dfim dgcs and Cods, and shall be for ever after.iritapable of his Place rifoffice1; and lli ffiafe thb auditor of tlte. * Receipt shall ndt ilireft the said Orders of lban, or the Clefk of thejpellfc fcdoril, or the Teller make Payment upon such Order, according to each person's due l^hcd and Order, at before' "directed, then, he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit and the rfcspective Deputies and clerks therein offending to1'be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Coils, in such manner as aforesaid: All which laid Penalties Forfeitures Damages, and Costs to be incurred by any the officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputies bt Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminister, wherein rio Effoirij Protection, Privilege, > r Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Rellraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed, 10 f;

provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall Happfen that several tdll.ifcs of Loalft, No undue pre or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, br be broright the faffie Day to the atldiforibf the fcrcncc where Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interprfefod no undue preferehc ei which off' flidfe be enteredla etelc. the first, so as he enters them all the same Day; --, t y'(me bay

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty ih N70r if fuhfe. Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk, of the pells record, land the Tellers do pay, quest Orders subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys and bring their Orders, before other be pji* before Persons that did riot come to take their Moneys, 'arid bring their Orders in Churfe, so as there by io

much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, Which flt all ribt be' otherwise dispofod of but kept for them, Interest' upon Loan being to ceaife froth the Tlmb thfe Money is so referred and kept id Bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and persons tb whom any money shall he Orders assign

due.for Loans to be registered by virtue of this act, after Order entered in the Book of Registry as' afore able? said - fier or their Executors' Administrators. oir Assigns, by' proper wofds( of aifighriient to be" "( »*, ri 1 indorsed and Written upon his, her or their Order, may assign or transfer his, her of their Right, "Title, 'j Interest and Bferiefit offutlt Order, or any Far! thereof to any other; which being notified in the office of the Auditor of the recetpt as aforesaid, and an Entry dr Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid foi Orders Which the Officers shall upon Keqiieft. without Fee of charg£ accordingly make) shall entitle fiichf Amgn'ee/ his, her of their Executoris, adritiniftrafors, successors and affigrif, toffie Ariign. the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Affigriee may in like Manner assign 'again, and fb mv"'t.n<*t WJ?", toties quoiies j and afterwards it "Shall riot be in the power of such Person or Persons who have or v01 1'hath made such Alignment to make void, release br discharge the same, of any the Moneys thereby due, or arty' Part thereof. .': f' ','; -'<

VII. And to the Ciid there tnay be no Warif or Failure of a certain Sum ribt to exceed m'rthe whole the said Sum of one million, so' be raised either by fudlv Loans as aforesaid, or by iiluing exchecftier bills fs is herein after mentioned, or by both or either; of thbfb wa^' or meahs/.fof thb pu hlidk sedyfce?';

Be if. fiirffied eriabfbd^ by the Authority aforesaid/.' That in the Gbmiffiffioriefsj of iris Majesty streatymw1/ Treasury, or any three br more of thefri now being, of the him tfeafufflg or any three of more the Commissioners of the Treasurj fob the time being, fflalp jiidge it more adviseable to raise 'jthe said forraitn 'tws Sum of one million, or any Part thefdof, by Exchequer Bills iriffeaa of such Loans as aforesaid j tliaf "then raid oneiu they respectively afe hereby authorised and empowered' at any Time of Times to §>reirsfe' atld. matte on bf cause to be prepared and made, 'at the Exchequer any Number of new exchequer bills', '"fbf any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of pne millibri, fogefh&t* With such lo f M

Loans as aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Ordef, ariff According to the' famvdr like, n/lo7.ri

Rules and Difeffibhf as in and by.a certain' alt of Parliament, for grsihting ari Aid to!his Majesty ^19, 660^: 62*$.' a land Tax, for the servic6 of the Year ohe tlibrifarid seven hundred and fforty six are enaired and*»

prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be.'m'alde iri 'puffuarice of the said ah T' -

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the clausesapro tlietxclie^ufv vifoes, 'Powers, Privileges advantages, Penalties, 'Forfeitures and Disabilities contairi'ed' in tive' l*aid)bii's to, b? last mentioned Aril, relating to the Loans' of Exchequer Bills authorised to be made b^dhe 'fflhe a'cpkeli^/on, /' (except fucll laufes asj do charge. the' Carrie on the aidaf Taxes' or Assessments grariled. by they

same Act) shall be applied.and extended.to the Exchequer Bills forie made in purfukri ce or this'.'at?, as fully and effectually to all.intents and Purposes as if the said exchequef Bills' had been'1; 6righia5iy( authorised by the said last mentioned Act, of assis the 'laid several Clauses ofprovifofs had beeri paf y t icularly repeated or re enacted in the B'bdy of this pfeferit Aril. ' i: " - ". V'-, r

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills'as shall be iila& tnt? »k«w' - prirfuance of this A and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges.' incident to, or atfwidlrig' the t

same, shall be and are hefeby charged and -- chargeable up'bn, 'arid ihalt be repaid, and bpfriri fiy or but bfffthe sinkin, the growing Produce of the said Surplusses, Excesses or overplus mbnies, cominbnly called Tiii sa/j'und

4 S 2 ing

m4 C 31. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

ing.fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking fund as, are appropriated to any particular Use or, j.' .' 'by any, former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of, the said

Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as fall as the same can be regularly Hated and ascer V tained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium,

Rate pr Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

X. And for the better enabling Your Majesty effectually to suppress the present Rebellion, to carry on the War with. Vigour, and make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with Your majesty's Allies, Your said dutiful and loyal Commons have also freely given and granted unto Your Majesty the The further - further Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in Manner herein after mentioned Be it Sum of therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it, shall and may be lawful to and for the King's grained his ma f: most, Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorise and jetty, by Sign jtnpower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more Manual, to im of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, at any Time or Times before the twenty-fifth Treasury to re tay of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or ceiveloans, Received, at his Majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Boor make Ex hie? Politic or Corporate, or, any. Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or chequer Bills. Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the whole, the said Sum of / I five hundred thousand Pounds, in, the same.or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by the before mentioned A eft of this present Session of Parliament (for granting an Aid to, his Majesty by. a land-tax, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and torty six) are enacted and prescribed, concerning, the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

Regulations

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, concerning the Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Ad: (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Rates, Duties and Assessments grauted by the same Ad) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same. Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned'ad, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

Loans, C to,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, cenunterpftr not exceechng hundred five thousand Pounds as aforesaid, as shall be taken in or made forth in pursuance of ent ntere, this Act, may respectively be made to bear or carry an Interest, Premium or Rate, not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum -, and all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and charge payable out of able upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted pfesfirft Sup' 'n Parliament next after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty six;

and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, then all and every the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times at or after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called The or Sinking Sinking fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use "n*i or Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and maybe issued and applied, as fall as the same can be regularly Hated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof. outnofs the'd

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall sinkingland be so issued out of the said Surplusses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking 10 be replaced. Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Land Tax,

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to 'be raised in Great Britain,

for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made dr to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, Walt Act, C either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain calls f Scotland, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and (o'

much

C 31. 6 85

much Money (if any such be) of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Sale of Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and by Contributions by way of a Lottery, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, (entitled, An a(tfor granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating same Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, for the Moneys advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his

majesty by an Act of the last session of Parliament;,) and also the Sum of one million five hundred

thousand Pounds, by this act granted, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say)

XV. It is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two

million two hundred ninety four thousand forty-eight Pounds sixteen Shillings and threepence, for or towards the naval Services herein after more particularly expressed; is to say) For or towards defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of his Majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards carrying on the Building of the intended

Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen at Gosport, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ninety six thousand four hundred seventy eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for the Freight of Transports, between the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-four thousand seven hundred fifty-three Pounds nine Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for the Expense of Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive:

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred nineteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, performed and to be performed; and for defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

XIX. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred and six thousand two hundred fifty-three Pounds and fifteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge of eleven thousand five hundred and fifty Marines, (Commission and non commission Officers included) to be employed for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million two hundred ninety-eight thousand one hundred Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of forty-nine thousand two hundred and twenty-nine effective Men, for his Majesty's Land Forces, including Commission and non commission Officers, and one thousand eight hundred and fifteen Invalids, to be employed for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That out of the said Sum of one million two hundred ninety-eight thousand one hundred Pounds fourteen Shillings and seven Pence, there shall and may be issued a d' applied any Sum, not exceeding thirty-six thousand eight hundred sixty four Pounds nine Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of Garisons in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and the further Sum of thirty thousand Pounds upon Account, for Contingencies of the Army, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred forty-three thousand four hundred forty Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar,

and

Annuities,

and Duties upon (jiafs, C

appropriated

2, 294, 04.8l. 16 s; 3 d. towards the Naval Services;

96, 478 1. 19 9* 2d. for Freight of Transports.

54, 75 As s.

3d. Halfpenny for Vittualling the Land Forces;

10,0001; to Greenwich He spital.

422, 3191. 19s, 'dr to the Office of Ordnance, -

206, 2531. 15$.'* to the Marines, '

1, 298, 100l. 149, '7d. to the Lands. Forces.

36, 8641. os. 7d. to Garrisons.

30, 009 1. for Contingencies' of the Army.

1w,

1. i8ss 1 d. Halfpenny to tlte Plantations, C

j55.0m1, 6, s

i d. for 13 Regiments oi Foot, ond 2 of Horse. 35, 9sil. 10 s. lor 20 Independent Companies.

161, 6071. 17 s.

3 d. Halfpenny for Troops, C to the King of Sweden,

300,000l. to the Troops of Hanover.

10.000l. for a a rain of Artillery.

400.000l. to the Queen of Hungary. 100,000). to the King of Sardinia,

21, 545 J. 19 s.

11 CL to the Troops of the States General.

40, 3281, 19 s. 10 a. to the Heflinn Troops for 1742 and J?4T

4o, Sol. 19 s. z d. for Staff Officers. 19, 1681. 18 s. 4, d. to the Rangers, cof Georgia.'

137, 0271. 3 s. lid. to Expenses of the Rebellion, C

24, 7011. 7 s.

6 d. to Half

pay

3, 3861. to Widows of reduced Officers.

joo.ooool. towards suppress ting the Rebellion, carrying on the War, C

200,000 1. to the King of Sardinia.'

24, 299 i. 1 s. 4d. to the Elector of Cologn,

31. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, Rattan and Cape Breton, for the Year one thousan i seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred fifty-five thousand seventy four Pounds six Shillings, and one Penny, for the Pay of thirteen Regiments, of Foot, and two Regiments of I ior, e under the Comr mand of several Noblemen; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-five thousand nine hundred fifty-two Pounds and ten Shillings, for the Pay of twenty Inde; nijen, t Companies, for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the respective Times of their being raised; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred sixty one thousand six hundred and seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, for defraying the Charge of one thousand two hundred sixty four Florfe, and four thousand nine hundred and eight Foot, with the General Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one tlyoufand seven hundred and fortyfive, to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Pay and Subsistence of two Bodies of the Troops of Hanover, conlifiing of five thousand Horse, and thirteen thousand Foot, making in the whole eighteen thousand Men, to act in the Low Countries, with the Austrian Troops, and those of the States General of the United Provinces, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, for a Train of Artillery to attend the said Troops; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four hundred thousand Pounds, to enable the Queen of Hungary to supt port her Allies, and maintain fifty thousand Men in the Low Countries, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six _ and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, to enable the King of Sardinia the better to maintain and prosecute die War in Italy, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty-one thousand five hundred fortyfive Pounds nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying the Charge of the Troops of the Stales General wliilft in his Majesty's Service, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty thousand three hundred twenty-eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Pay or Douceurs, Forrage, Wagon Money and other Extraordinaries of the six thousand hessians in his Majesty's Service, incurred in the Year one thousand seven hundred, and forty-two, and one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty thousand eight hundred and eighty Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for the Pay of General, and General Staff Officers, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding nineteen thousand one hundred sixty eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Galleys or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thirty seven thousand twenty leven Pounds three Shillings and eleven Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Expense of his Majesty's Land Forces on Account of the Rebellion, and for Horses lost in Flanders and at Sea, incurred Anno one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, and not provided for by Parliament:; and any Sum or Sums of Money, 'not exceeding twenty-four thousand seven hundred and one Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, upon Account of half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, subject to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as are herein: after prescribed concerning the same; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand eight hundred and eighty six Pounds, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Lana Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; which said' Sum of three thousand eight hundred eighty six Pounds shall be issued to such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, direiff or appoint to receive tyre same, to be by him or them paid over to such Widows of, half-pay Officers or their Assigns, according to such Establishments, Lists or other Directions, and with and subject to such Conditions, Qualifications, or other Allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by fuclv and the like Warrant or Warrants, shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid', That out of all. 01 any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum. or sums of Money, not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, upon Account, to enable his Majesty effectually to suppress the present Rebellion, to carry on the War with. Vigour both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties us are or shall be made with his Majesty Allies, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and' forty six; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred thousand Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-four thousand two hundred ninety-nine Pounds one Shilling and fourpence, to make good his Majesty's . Engagements with the elector of Cologn, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, eight thousand six hundred

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 31. 687

and twenty Pounds, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mentz, pur s, icl. to ilie suant to Treaty. 6 '

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall h en' and: may. be Blued and paid to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, front the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Sumy, or any seven or more of

them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed, under the Hands and Seals of the salt!

Commissioners. any seven or more of them, to receive the same, the Sum of twenty live thou ic.ocoi. to land Pounds, without Account, other than is directed for the other Moneys raised by virtue of several westminster former Acts of Parliament, passed during the Reign of his present Majesty, for building the said Bridge, rids: '

to be applied towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them

And 'there shall and may be issued to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, any: Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand Pounds, by them to be applied for the fur 4.0001, to die

there settling and improving the said Colony: And any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten ceor ia' f

thousand Pounds, to be applied towards the Maintenance and Support of the British Ports and Settle jo, oco i. to the ments belonging to the Royal African Company of England. African Com

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted: by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids pany or Supplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight thousand three hundred sixty seven Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, to replace 8>3C7I-9s-, led to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the addi Fund Dtiici 8 tional' Stamp Duties at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and forty-four; and any Sum or Sums ency of stamp of Money, not exceeding thirteen thousand seven hundred and ninety three Pounds three Shillings uu ies

and five Pence, to replace to the said Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make tjj3?ttoj de C'good the Deficiency of the Duty of twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from british fici«ncy of du or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive; any Stun or ties n Bome Sums of Money, not exceeding seventeen thousand five hundred Pounds, to replace' to the said Sink 5£ol."ros' ing Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to answer half a Year's Interest due at Michaelmas one ditto, interest thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centuth per n, the Salt Uu* Annum, on the Principal Sum of one million lent on the Credit of the Salt Duties, which were con^uea' tinued for six Years from lady day one thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, towards the Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted, That, out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there'

shall and may be Blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-nine thou 49, 25*1- s.

fund two hundred fifty-two Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, for making good the Deft fd th^general eiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fund" fortyfive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eleven thousand nine hundred and fifty 11, 9501. 25. gd. Pounds two Shillings and nine Pence Earthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the' sick ncy^f'the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fortyfive. Grants fm 1745,

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, hall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the ths^supplies. Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And as to the said Sum of twenty-four thousand seven hundred and one Pounds what Perfoss

seven Shillings and sixpence by this Act appropriated' 'on Account of half-pay as aforesaid; are entitled to is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed a

shall be duly observed in the Application thereof; that is to fdy, That no Person shall have' or re fe "2' eeive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time

when the regiment, Troop or Company, in which he' served, Was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Persons who did actual Service in some Regiment, '

Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Parts, 'the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Parr of the same, who hath resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons who would havebeeri otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded.in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in; the eighteenth Year of his Majesty's l8geo'2 C 2ji ' Reign (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund.; and for granting a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the surplus of the d11- ties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

fortyfive; for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for

giving further time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrails oj Chris and Apprentices; and for the further enforcing the Payment of the said Duties) several Supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty six. 4 thousand

688 C 32.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

Overplus of half-pay applied to the

Companionate

List.

Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Orders, C

lost or destroyed,

See. before t Aug; 1746.

on Affidavit made thereof before the Barons of the Exchequer,

and a Certificate produced,

and Security given.

the Officers to make forth Duplicates and Payment of the said Bills, C

r La: vs Banker to

H. 3.

C 7, C 15.

1. C Ig.

Car. z.

f. 15.

C 31.

C 30. ft i, by

35-

to 29

thousand seven hundred and seventy five Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, was appropriated

to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, subject neverthelel's

to such' Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: 'Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so xnuch of the said Sum of twenty six thousand seven hundred seventy five Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules by the said Act prescribed to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall or may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or loll their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity; or to the Widows or Children of Rich Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, 'as shall be signed in that Behalf 5 any tiling in this Act, or the said former Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas several Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets, commonly called Lottery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery tic cts, and likewise for Annuities of diverse Kinds, payable at or near the Receipt of his Majesty's ' Exchequer, as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some of them, for Money contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities, transferrable in the Books of the said Governor and Company, have, by Casualty or Mischance, been lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed; Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, ' Annuity Orders, and other Orders of the respective Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear, by Affidavit to be made before any of the Barons of the Exchequer for the time being (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon) to the Satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any such Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders as aforesaid, before the first Day of Jugujl one thousand seven hundred and forty six, have been, or are, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed, " or that there be good Reason to believe the same have been burnt, lost or otherwise destroyed; shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and, Persons appointed to issue or make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders or other Orders, or to pay or discharge the same, or to issue any Moneys due or payable thereon, upon producing a Certificate from any of the said Barons, of such Affidavit made before him (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised to take; and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant, without Fee or Reward) and, on Security given to the said respective Officers and Persons, to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against: all other Persons whatso eyer, for or concerning the Moneys specified in, or due upon, such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders, they the said Persons and Officers respectively, shall, and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay and discharge the same, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying Interest, or to make forth Stock or transferable Annuities, in lieu of such Receipts as he or they (hold have paid or discharged, or made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money in their respective Accounts j and in all Cases where the Signing of the commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, is necessary for making the said Duplicates,: or any of them effectual, for the Purposes aforesaid; is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to iign such Duplicates accordingly.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[

'WHEREAS many Persons within the Description of, and liable to the Statutes concerning bankrupts, frequently commit secret Acts of Bankruptcy unknown to their Creditors and other Persons, with whom, in the Course of Trade, they have Dealings and Transactions; and after the committing thereof, continue to appear publicly and carry on their Trade and Dealings, by buying and selling of Goods and Merchandizes, drawing, accepting and negotiating Bills of Exchange, and

paying and receiving Money on Account thereof, in the usual Way of Trade, and in the same open and public Manner as if they were solvent Persons, and had not become Bankrupts; And whereas the permitting such secret Acts of Bankruptcy to avoid and defeat Payments, really and bona fide made in the Cases, and under the Circumstances above-mentioned, where the Persons receiving the same had not Notice of, or were privy to such Persons having committed any Act of Bankruptcy, will be a great Discouragement to Trade and Commerce, and a Prejudice to Credit in general;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of October in the Year of our Lord

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 33, 34. 689

[After 29 Oct. 1746, Creditors of bankrupts not liable to refund to the assignees.]

one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Person who is or shall be really and bona fide a Creditor of any Bankrupt, for or in respect of Goods really and bona fide sold to such Bankrupt, or for or in nfl^nt njpt.0'* respect of any Bill or Bills of Exchange really and bona fide drawn, negotiated or accepted by such not liable to Bankrupt, in the usual and ordinary Course of Trade and Dealing, shall dc liable to refund or repay to rfjjn^lc0, kc the Assignee or Assignees of such bankrupt's Estate,

[Monies received before Notice of Insolvency, &c.]

any Money which, before the suing forth of such Momei receiva.1 Commission, was really and bona fide, and in the usual and ordinary Course of Trade and Dealing, rc before Notice of ccived by such Person of any such Bankrupt, before such Time as the Person receiving the same shall inf°tv; nc: o' know, understand or have Notice that he is become a Bankrupt, or that he is in insolvent circumstances.

II. And whereas Merchants and other Traders frequently lend Money on bottom rec, or at Re ' fpondentia, and in the Course of their Trade frequently cause their Ships or Vessels, and the (foods and Merchandises loaded thereon, to be insured; where Commissions of Bankruptcy have issued against the Obligor in such bottoin ree or Respondentia Bond, or the under writer or Afturer in such Af ' furance, before the Loss of the Ship or Goods, in such Bond or Policy of Insurance mentioned, hath happened, it hath been made a Question, whether the Obligee or Obligees in such Bond, or the Affined in such Policy of Insurance, should be let in to prove their Debts, or be admitted to have any Benefit or Dividend under such Commission, which may be a Discouragement to Trade For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Obligee in Day of October, the Obligee in any bottom ree or Respondentia Bond, and the aitured in any Policy Bottomree, a

of Insurance, made and entered into upon a good and valuable Consideration, bona fide, shall be ad chunk

mined to claim; and after the Loss or Contingency shall have happened, to prove his, her or their Debt and Demands in respetft of such Bond or Policy of Insurance, in like Manner as if the Loss or Contingency had happened before the Time of the issuing of the Commission of Bankruptcy against such Obligor or Insurer; shall be entitled unto, and shall have and receive a proportionable Part, Share and Dividend of such bankrupt's Estate, in Proportion to the other Creditors of such Bankrupt, in Dividends,

like Manner as if such Loss or Contingency had happened before such Commission i(sued;

---

[Bankrupts discharged from Debts on Policy of Insurance, &c.]

and all and every Person or Persons against whom, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of October, any Commission of Bankruptcy shall be awarded, shall be discharged of and from the Debt or Debts owing by him, her or them, on every such Bond and Policy of Insurance as aforesaid, and shall have the Benefit of the several Statutes now in Force against Bankrupts, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Loss or Contingency had happened, and the Money due in respect thereof had become payable, before the Time of the issuing of such Commission.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

---

[Former Laws

Whereas divers difiolute Persons have associated themselves, and entered into Confederacies to support one another, and have appeared in great Gangs in several Parts of this Kingdom, car concerningc« ' rying firearms, or other offenfhe Weapons; and when so assembled, have been aiding and assisting Y' 12 cl!r " ' in running, landing or carrying away prohibited or uncustomed Goods, or Goods liable to Duties ot 13 14 Cj>. z.

Excise, or in the illegal relanding of any Goods or Merchandizes, which have been shipped or export C 1'

ed upon Debenture or Certificate, or in rescuing tyre same after Seizure, or in obstructing the Officers y/rysyl/yi. 1 of the Revenue in the Execution of their Office, to the great Discouragement of the fair Trader, and C 4 io.'

the Loss of the Public Revenue: And whereas several Officers of the Customs and Excise, and their fiij1'

Assistnnts, have been wounded, maimed, and some of them killed, when in the Execution of their gi o'jj". C Office, or otherwise, by the said dissolute Persons, so associated and assembled as aforesaid, to the great u Sf 7 H 3, C

Terror of his Majesty's peaceable Subjects, in Defiance of the Laws, and 10 the utter Subversion of 5' e " ' Civil Authority and Power whatsoever:: 'Remedy cf which many and great Inconvenieocies, 7 evt i'.'y"

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords C n.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ' C the same, That if any Persons, to the Number of Three or more, armed with firearms or other of l.y._,

fenfive Weapons, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of fiuh in the Year of our Lord one n Geo. t. C 7 if thousand seven hundred and forty six, be assembled, in order to be aiding and afitfting in the illegal Exportation of Wool or other Goods prohibited to be exported, 01 the carrying of Wool! or other such ycry,'y V goods, in order to such Exportation, or in the running, landing or carrying away prohibited or uncu C 17.

domed Goods, or Goods liable to pay any Duties, which have not been paid or secured; in the 9c l' - C !'

reianding of any Goods whatsoever, which have been shipped or exported upon Debenture, or Siovl'y VOL. VI 4 T Certificate; Armed Lnons

to the Number of three, aitembied to assist in the illegal expotting or running of Goods, & C Offences agahfi tlu Act are ex; rp\d aut CL 1 Par Jen, z Co. C y.

690 C 34.

Anno dectmo nono Georgii XL5 A.D. 1746.

or appearing in Disguise with such Goods, or who shall refill, C Odicers in the Execution of there Duty j

guilty of Felony without Clergy.

Scotland.

Pei Tonnes charged upon Oath with Offences against this Act,

the Justice, C to certify the Information to one of the Secretaries of State,

who is to lay the same before the King in Council j Orders to be made for the offender's surrendering in 40 Days j

and Commitment without Bail.

Order to be published in two successive Gazettes, and transmitted to the Sheriff, who shall proclaim the same. Copy to be affixed in the maiket iowns. Offenders not surrendering, Arc.

to be convicted of Felony without Clergy.

The King's Bench, or justices of Oyer and Terminer, C to award Execution.

Certificate; or in refeuing or taking away the same, after Seizure, from any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or other his Majesty's Revenue, or other Person or Persons employed by him or them, or assisting him or them, or from the Place where they shall be lodged by him or them; or in refeuing any Person who shall be apprehended for any of the Offences made Felony by this or any other Act, relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise; in preventing the apprehending any Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence; or in case any Persons, to the Number of three or more, so armed as aforesaid, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of July, be so aiding or alii fling, or if any Person shall, from and after the said twenty fourth.day of July aforesaid, have his Face balcked, or wear any Vizard, Malk or other Disguise when passing with such Goods, or shall forcibly hinder, obstruct, assault, oppose or relict any of the Officers of the Customs or Excise, or other his majesty's Revenue, in the seizing or securing any such Goods; or if any Person or Persons, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July in the Year aforesaid, shall maim or dangerously wound any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or any other his Majesty's Revenue, in his attempting to go on Board any Ship or vessel within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or shoot at, maim or dangerously Wound him when on Board such Ship or Vessel, and in the due Execution of his Office or Duty, then every Person so 'offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and that all and every Person and Persons, who shall at any Time be convicted of any the Offences aforementioned, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer the Pains of Death and Confiscation of Movables.

II. And, for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this Act to Justice, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be charged with being guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, if the Offence be committed in England; or before the Lord Justice General, or one of the Lords of Justiciary, or any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Scotland, if the Offence be committed in Scotland; by Information of one or more credible Person or Persons upon Oarh, by him or them to be subscribed, such Justice of the Peace, or Justice of the King's Bench, or Lord Justice General, Lord Justice Clerk, or Lord of Justiciary respectively, before whom such Information shall he made as aforesaid, shall forthwith certify under his Hand and Seal, and return such Information to one of the Principal Secretaries of State of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, who is hereby required to lay the same, as soon as conveniently may be, before his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in his or their Privy Council; whereupon it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make his or their Order, in his or their said Privy Council, thereby requiring and commanding such Offender or Offenders to surrender him or themselves within the Space of forty Days after the first Publication thereof in the London Gazette, to the Lord Chief Justice, or any other of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, if the Offence be committed in England; or to any of the Lords of Justiciary, or to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Scotland, if the Offence be committed in Scotland; who is hereby required, upon such Offender or Offenders surrendering him or themselves, to commit him or them, without Bail or Mainprize, to the County Gaol, or to the Gaol or Prison of the Place

where he Or they shall so surrender, to the end that he or they may be forth coming to answer the

Offence or Offences wherewith he or they shall stand charged according to due Course of Law; which Order the Clerks of his Majesty's Privy Council shall cause to be forthwith printed and published in the two successive London Gazettes, and to be forthwith transmitted to the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, who shall, within fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed between the Hours of ten in the Morning, and two in the Afternoon, in the marketplaces, upon the respective market days of two Market Towns in the same County, near to the Place where such Offence shall have been committed; and a true Copy of such Order shall he affixed upon some public Place in such market towns: And in case such

Offender or Offenders shall not surrender him or themselves, pursuant to such Order of his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, to be made in Council as aforesaid, he or they so neglecting or refusing to surrender him or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such Surrender, shall, from the Day appointed for his or their Surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed and taken to be convicted and attainted of Felony, and shall suffer Pains of Death, as in Cases of a Person convicted and attainted by verdict and Judgement of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence be charged to have been committed in England; and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be convicted of a Capital Crime, and shall suffer the Pains of Death, and Confiscation of Movables, as in Case of a Person found guilty of a Capital Crime, and under Sentence for the same, if the Offence be charged to have been committed in Scotland; and that it shall be lawful to and for the Court of King's Bench, or the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery for the County or Place where such Person shall be, to award Execution against such Offender and Offenders, in

such Manner as if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of King's Bench,

or before such Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery reflectively, if the Offence be charged to have been committed in England; and that it shall be lawful for the Court of Justiciary, or the Lords of Justiciary, in their Circuits, to award Execution against such Offender and Offenders, in

such Manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the said Court of Justiciary, or in the Circuit respectively.

C 34. 691

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who i'ersons lur shall, after the Time appointed as aforesaid for the Surrender of any Person or Persons so charged o°an'<m After upon Oath with any of the Offences aforesaid, shall! be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet the Time ap or succour such Person or Persons, knowing him or them to have been so charged as aforesaid, and pointed for^to have been required to surrender him or themselves by such Order or Orders as aforesaid, and, hsir Surrtn <cr» not to have surrendered pursuant to such Order or Orders, being prosecuted for the same, within one Year after the Offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony; and shall be transported as a Felon or Felons to some. or one of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in jamerica, there to remain for the Space of seven Years, in the same Manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George the First, of Glorious Memory, intituled An act for the further preventing rob r 4 Geo. 1. C u. bery, Burglary and other Felonies; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of wooll; and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Pirates; and by another Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for the better 6 Geo. 1. c. 2; '. preventing Robbery, Burglary and other Pclonie's; and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expirarion nr, rotumin? of the said Term, contrary to the Intent and Rleaning hereof, he or they so returning shall suffer before the as Felons, and have Execution awarded against them, as Persons attainted of Felony, without Be 'les J fj: !cr

C n / — "J 1 clofls*

pent of Clergy.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained Magistrates, shall be construed to prevent or hinder any Judge, Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Officer or mini c. may secure ster of Justice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending and securing such Offender or Offenders, against at lalffend whom such Information shall be given, and for requiring whole Surrender such Order in Council i'ray the erv shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary Course of Law; and in case such Offender or Offenders, nary Coma 01 against whom such Information, and for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made law as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured, in order to be brought to Justice, before the Time shall be expired, within which he or they shall be required to surrender him or themselves by such Order in Council as aforesaid; then, in such Case, no further Proceedings shall be. had upon such Order made in Council against him or them so taken and secured as aforesaid; he or they shall be brought to Trial by due Course of Law; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be

found, commenced or prosecuted, for any of the Offences made Felony by this or any other Act relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Offences where Olience shall and may be inquired of, examined, tried and determined, in any County within that l?.betjed, Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if the Fact had noaoeffeia tjpen therein committed: Provided, That no Attainder for any of the Offences made Felony by vir Corruption of tue of this Act, 'shall make or work, any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower or Forfeiture of Lands or Blood, c r Tenements. Forfe, ture

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Officers, C Revenue, or other Persons being employed in the seizing, conveying or securing any Wool or other aeataetzins Goods forfeited, on account of their being prohibited dr uncustomed Goods, or on account of the Wool, C Duties chargeable thepeon not having been paid or secured, or by virtue of any Law made to pre r curing of vent the Exportation of Wool or other Goods, or in endeavouring to apprehend any Offender oahcgoods against this Act, shall be beat, wounded, maimed or killed by any Offender against this Actor the shall be refeu'd, said Wool or other Goods so seized, shall be refciied by Persons so armed as aforesaid; all such the Country to Cases respectively, the Inhabitants of every Rape or Lath, in such Counties as are divided into Rapes ujmaga

or' Laths, and in every Other County the Inhabitants of every Hundred where such Facts shall be committed, within that Part of Great Britain called England, 'shall make full Satisfaction and Amends for all the Damages which such Officers cr Persons shall respectively suffer by such Beating, Wounding, and Maiming respectively, and by the Loss of such Goods so seized and refeued, and shall also tool. fore?.<a pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds for each Person so killed, to the Executors or Administrators I'crfon klued

of such Officers, or other Person so killed as aforesaid; that such respective Officers and other Fcr beating,

Persons, and their said Executors and Administrators, shall be and are hereby enabled to lue for and ^1 recover such their Damages, J so as the Sum to: be recovered for any such Beating, Wounding or Goods aali Maiming, shall not exceed forty Pounds, nor for the Loss of the goods two hundred Pounds, against the Inhabitants of the said Rape or Lath, in such as are divided into Rapes or Laths; and in every other County the Inhabitants of every Hundred, who by this Act shall be made liable to answer all or any Part thereof; and that if such Person or Persons shall recover in such Action, all the Inhabitants of the Rape or Lath in such Counties as are divided into Rapes or Laths, and in every other County the Inhabitants of every Hundred, who by this Act shall be made liable to ail or any Part of the said Damage or Sum, 'shall be ratably and proportionably taxed and allefied for dam.^ej to band towards Payment of the Damages and Costs to be recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in ratably used, any Action to be brought upon' this Act, and also of all just and necessary Expellees in defending such Action; Taxation and Assessment shall be made, levied and paid by the Ways abd Means, and in the Manner and Form prescribed for the levying and paying - Damages and Cofis nd ]tv; e(j as i,

recovered against Inhabitants of Hundreds in Cqies of Robberies, and for the levying and paying 8 Geo. =. C il

brought for. such Damages, in and

bf

the just and necessary Expences in defending any Action to b

4 T

6g2

If the Plaintiff he nonsuit, the Charges of the Defence, C to be levied as the Act directs.

Notice to be given within Days of the Injury received;

and Examination within 8 Days,

Recognisance, &c. to prosecute.

No Satisfaction to be made if the Offender be convicted in 6 Months.

Actions to be brought within i Year.

Persons apprehending, can Offender,

to be paid 5001. by the commissioner of the Revenue, who are to adjust the claimersrights. Offenders discovering, C others,

to be acquitted,

and have a Share of the yrteuaium. Persons wounded in apprehending, C Offenders, to be paid 50 1.

C 34. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

by an Act (entitled. An Act for the Amendmen of the Law relating to Actions on the Statute of Hu and Cry) made in the eighth Year of the Reign of "his present Majesty, and by so much of any former Law relating to Actions against Hundreds, in case of Robberies, as is not repealed or altered by the said Act; and that if any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Action to be brought upon this Act, shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action; if in such Adhon, Judgement on Demurrer, or Verdict shall be given against him, her, or them, the Charges hecef larily expended in defending such Action, over and above the Costs in those Cases to be taxed, and also the taxed Costs, in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be insolvent, shall be levied by such taxation and Assessment, and shall be paid in such Manner, as in the like Cases such Charges and Costs in Actions brought upon the said Act are thereby directed to be levied and paid; and that every Action to be brought upon this Act, shall be prosecuted in like Manner as Actions upon the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty are directed to be prosecuted.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons shall recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, for any such Beating, Wounding, Maiming, or Loss of Goods, unless he or they shall, within four Days after such Damage or Injury, cause Notice to be given of such Offence being committed, unto two or more of the Inhabitants of some Town, Village, or Hamlet, near to the Place where such Fact shall have been committed, and shall, within eight Days after such Fact, declare, by Examination upon Oath, before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty, or Division where the same was committed, which Examination every such Justice shall be obliged to take, whether he or they so examined, do know the Person or Persons who committed such Fact, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be declared, that he or they knew the Person or Persons who committed the same, or any of them, then he or they shall be. bound by Recognisance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders according to Law; and that no such Person or Persons shall recover any Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they shall, over and besides the said Notice and Recognisance herein before required, give such Notice, and enter into such Recognisance, 'as Persons robbed are, by the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty, directed to give and enter into, in order to enable them to maintain Actions upon the said Act.

VIII. Provided also, That where any Offender shall be apprehended and convicted of such Offence, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, no Hundred, Rape, or Lath, or any Inhabitant thereof, shall be in any wise subject to make any Satisfaction for such Damages, or to pay the said one hundred Pounds to the Executors or Administrators of such killed Person.

IX. Provided also, That no Person shall be entitled to bring any Action against the Inhabitants of any Hundred, Rape, or Lath, for any the Matters aforesaid, unless the same shall be commenced within one Year after the Offence committed.

X. And for the better discovering and apprehending the said Offender or Offenders in that Part

of Great Britain called England, who shall have been advertised as aforesaid, and shall not have, surrendered him or themselves within forty Days as afore directed, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, all and every Person and Persons, who shall apprehend and

take, or discover, so that he may be taken, any Person in that Part of Great Britain called England,

so advertised as aforesaid, who shall have not surrendered himself within forty Days as aforesaid, and cause him to be brought before the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, or before any one of the Justices of the said Court, or any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for London or Middlesex (who is hereby required to commit such Person to the Prison of Nezugate for such Felony) dial) have and receive, for every such Person who shall be so apprehended, the

Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be paid within one Month after Execution shall be awarded

against such Offender so apprehended and committed as aforesaid, by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively, who are hereby required to receive the Applications of all such who are concerned in such discovering or apprehending such Offender, and determine who are entitled to the said Reward, and their respective Shares and Proportions thereof; and the same shall be divided amongst such Persons as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions, as to the said commissioner of the Customs or Excise respectively, or to the major Part of them shall seem reasonable; and if any such Offender, against whom ho such Order of Council shall have been made, shall himself so discover or apprehend any other Offender, against whom such Order shall have been made, he shall be discharged and acquitted of such his own Offence, and all other the' like Offences then before committed, and for which no Prosecution shall have been then commenced, and shall also have his Share of the Reward; and if any Person or Persons shall happen to lose a Limb, or an Eye, or be otherwise grievously maimed or wounded in the apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or making Pursuit after such Offender or Offenders; all and every Person or Persons so wounded and maimed as aforesaid shall, upon Application to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively as aforesaid, have and receive the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any other Reward that' he or they may be entitled to as an Apprehended by virtue of this Acts; audio case any Person or Persons shall happen to be killed in the taking or apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or in making Pursuit after any such Offender or Offenders, that then the Executors or Administrators of such Person or Persons so killed as aforesaid, upon Application to the Commissioners

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 34. 693

of the Customs or Excise rcfyeftively as aforesaid, and laying sufficient Proof before them, of and Executorj such Person being killed as aforesaid, shall have and receive the Sum of one hundred Pounds; all d personi kill' which Rewards before mentioned shall be paid to the l'evcral. and respective Persons, who shall be ed, col. come entitled thereto as aforesaid, by the receiver-general of the Customs, or Cashier of the ex cife respectively, upon an Order directed to them for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise; and the Money paid by fuel) Receiver Genera), or Cashier, as aforesaid, shall be accepted of, and allowed in his Accounts as so much Money paid to his Majesty; and every such Officer shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Offender or Offenders in that Part ofoff' ndcjs dff Great Britain called England, at any Time before his Majesty's Order in Council shall be made two wmjre requiring him or them to surrender him or themselves within the Space of forty Days as aforesaid, Accomplices, shall discover two or more of his, her or their Accomplices therein, to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in England respectively, and apprehend them, or cause them to be apprehended, so as they, or two of them at least, be brought to Justice, and convicted of such Offence, the Offender or Offenders so discovering, shall have and receive the Sum of fifty Pounds for every to recei. j such Offender so discovered and convicted, as a Reward for such his, her or their Discovery; 'cs° every such Person so discovering shall be clearly acquitted and discharged of such his, her or their and be acquit offence, and all other the like Offences then before committed, for which no Prosecution shall have te,

been then commenced: Which said Reward shall be paid in such Manner as herein before is mentioned, with respect to the Reward for apprehending.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Proviso for

restrain his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any of the Judges thereof, or the Court of Judiciary in Eai| Scotland, or any of the Judges thereof respectively. bailing any Person committed for Felony by camhucjly virtue of this Act, and not convicted or attainted, thereof as aforesaid, in such Manner as they may by 32 2. r.18.

Law do in other Cases of Felony.

XIII. And whereas at the same Time that the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Cn

floras and Excise are enforced for the future, by new Penalties and Provisions, which for the

Sake of the fair Trader, the Security of the public Revenue, the Quiet and Safety of the Kingdom, and the Honour and Dignity of Government, ought most rigorously and strictly to be put in

Execution, it may be proper to pardon many of those who have heretofore been guilty of such

illegal Practises, and put it in their Power to make some Atonement for their Offences, and some Return for the Clemency extended to them, by serving his Majesty and their Country aboard the fleet be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, before the Offenders before twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, shall have been guilty of il 2+ Iune l7*6, legal Running, Landing, Unshipping, Concealing, Receiving, or Carrying any Woo)], prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any Foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise, the same Duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding or assisting the rein, or shall have been armed with firearms, or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding or assisting any such Offenders, or have been guilty of refeuing such Goods, "Wares or Merchandizes, or such Foreign Goods as aforesaid, where Duties had not been paid or fccurccf, after Seizure from the Officers of the Customs or Excise, or of any Actor Matter whatsoever, whereby Persons may be deemed and taken to be Runners of Foreign Goods and Commodities, within the Intent and Meaning of any Law now in Force; or of hindering, opposing, obstructing, wounding, or beating any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the Execution of his or their Office or Duty, or of aiding or assisting the rein, shall be, and are, by the Authority of this present Act, acquitted, indemnified, released, and discharged against the King's Majesty, his ac<5ultted>&c< Heirs and Successors, and any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and "every of them, and all and every other Person and Persons, of and from all and every the said Offences, concerning which no Suit or Information, or Prosecution shall have been commenced, or Composition made, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, upon the following Terms and Conditions (that is to say) That he do, before he shall be apprehended for the same, and before the twenty-ninth Day of'/beior g9' September out thousand seven hundred and forty six, enter himself with some Commission Officer of rhty enter as. his Majesty's Fleet, to serve as a common Sailor in the said Fleet, and do, for one Year at least, common Sailors from the Time of such Entry, actually and bona fide serve and do Duty as such in the said Fleet; rathefjeet > and shall also, before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, register h/s Name, Employment, and usual Place of Abode, with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division where he resides, in a Book which is hereby directed to be kept by the said Clerk among the Records of the Sessions for the said County, Riding, or Division, for this Purpose, and shall sign such Register, signirying that he claims the Benefit of this Act, and that he has entered himself with a certain Commission Officer, by Name, of his Majesty's Fleet, to serve as a common Sailor; which Entry shall be made in the following Form;

---

[Form of the Entry.]

A.B. of ________ claims the Benefit of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and has entered himself with a Commission Officer of his Majesty's fleet, and has registered his Name in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Peace of this County, Riding, or Division, this ________ Day of ________ pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

694 C. 35. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

[Fee for Entry, 1s.]

For which Entry or Register there shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding or Division, one Shilling, and no more;

[Clerks of the Peace to transmit the Entry.]

and that the said Clerks of the Peace shall immediately after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, transmit to the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise an exact Account of all the Persons who have, by such Entry or Register as aforesaid, entitled themselves to claim the Benefit of this Act.

[Persons claiming under this Act, and offending again, &c.]

XIV. Provided always, That every Person who shall make such Entry, and claim the Benefit of this present Act as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the like Offences as those herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, released, or discharged, or shall at any Time after desert from the said Service, or within the said Year procure his Discharge therefrom, shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted, not only for or in respect of such new Offence,

[liable to double Prosecution.]

but shall also be subject and liable to all the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as he would have incurred, or been subject or liable to, in case this Indemnity had never been given; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Penalty on false Musters, &c.]

XV. Provided also, That if any Officer of his Majesty's Navy shall by false Muster or Certificate, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit such Person to avoid the actual Service as aforesaid, such Person shall not only lose the Benefit of this Act, but every such Officer shall suffer the Penalty of five hundred Pounds.

[Costs, &c. not to be given to Defendant, where there was a probable Cause of Seizure.]

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on Account of the Seizure of any Ship as forfeited for illegally carrying Goods, or of any Wool, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, as prohibited or uncustomed, or illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or as illegally relanded after having been shipt or exported upon Debenture or Certificate, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Claimer thereof,

[The Judge shall certify.]

and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge or Court before whom the said Information shall be tried, shall certify on the Record, that there was a probable Cause for the prosecutor's seizing the said Ship or Goods; and in such Case, the Defendant shall not be in titled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Persons who seized the said Ship or Goods be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution on Account of such Seizure; and that in case any Action, Indictment, or other Prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on Account of the Seizure of any such Ship, or of any Wool, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as prohibited or uncustomed, or as illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or illegally relanded as aforesaid, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge, before whom such Action or Prosecution shall be tried, shall certify on the said Record, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure,

[Damages 2s. Fine 1d.]

then the Plaintiff, besides his Ship or Goods so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

[This Act to be in Force for 7 Years.]

[Continued by 26 Geo. 2. c. 32.]

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

Concerning Customs, see farther 21 Geo. 2. c. 2. 28 Geo. 2. c. 21. 30 Geo. 2. c. 18 & 29. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish. of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex

---

[Continued and amended by

Coniwtttd and bmenii d by 23 Geo. 2. c. 26. and lafily by

f2 Geo. 2. c. 27.

'or former Laws refer to 3 Geo. 2. c. 26.

Geo. 2. c. 30. xo Geo. 2. c. 32. it Geo. 2. r. 15. 13 gvo. 2. f. 21. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35. l^nd coal me tm Office to be erected in Westminster, and 2 Managers to be appointed.

2 "5 tieo 2. C 26. Their Title. Office Holders.

WHEREAS many Frauds and Abuses are daily committed in the Admeasuresment of Coals, C and in and relating to the Coal Trade, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of lancajier adjoining thereto, and in, the' Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Merry k Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Laws now in Force for the Regulation of the Coal Trade: 'For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty LIX there shall be erected and continued, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, one public Office, wffiieh shall be called by the Name of The Land coal metres Office, for the City and Liberty of Westminster; which said Office shall from time to time be managed by two Persons, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; which said two Persons, so to be nominated and appointed, shall be called and known by the Name of The Principal Land coal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and such Office, after erected, shall be kept open every Day (Sundays excepted) from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of Five

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 35. 695

till twelve in the Forenoon, and from the Hour of One till Eight in the Afternoon; and from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, front the Hour of Seven till Twelve in the Forenoon, and from the Hour of One till Six in the Afternoon.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be Principals to be capable of ailing as one of the Principal Land coal metres, until he or they fitall, before two sworn or, more of his laid majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same] take an Oath in the Words following; to wit,

A.B. do linear, That I will truly and faithfully, according to the best of my Judgement and Ability, Thc 0al1' execute the Office of one of the Principal Land coal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for such Part of the Panjh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as, lies in the County of Middlesex

help me God.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to principa!s, 0r?p- and for the said Principal Land coal metres, or any one or more of them, and they, or any one £oai mctcrt; ins or more of them, are and is hereby authorised to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be Labouring coal metres within the said City and Liberty, and the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy

=of Lancaster, and in the said Parishes, and the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn; one of which said Labouring coal metres shall attend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such to be stationed, of the Coal Wharves, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, within the said City and Liberty, and in the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy of Lancaster, and in the said Parishes, and the aforesaid Part

of the said Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, at which he shall be Rationed by the Principal Land

coal metres, or any one or more of them, from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty

ninth Day of September yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of Five till Hours cf At

Twelve in the Forenoon, and from the Hour of One till Eight in the Afterndon; and from the tendailce*

=twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of Seven till Twelve in the Forenoon, and from the Hour of One till Six in the Afternoon, to measure out the Coals which shall, from time to time, be sold at any of the said Wharves or Warehouses, where such Labouring coal metres shall be so stationed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall betobe fwor: V capable of acting as one of the Labouring coal metres to be appointed as aforesaid, until he or they shall, before two or more of his said majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of ivefminfer (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same) take an Oath im the Words following; to wit,

ABDO swear, That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Thc Oatfco Office of one of the Labouring coal sneters j'or the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that - Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and for Saint imary le Bon, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and will. well and truly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, measure Coals, between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or ill-will.

So help me God.

And the said Justices respectively, who shall administer the said Oaths hereby directed, are hereby Justices to ee: required to certify the taking thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held t: y the Oaths, for the said County of Middlesex, after the taking of such Oaths respectively, there to remain on Record. _ i

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Lighterman, or other Per Penaityof son, after Coals hall have been been delivered on Board any Lighter or Craft from out of any Ship, shall break Bulk, before the Time of Delivery at the Wharf, in the Absence of a Metre, or of the Conlumer, or of his Agent (in Cases where the Metre is not hereby obliged to attend the Delivery) the Person so offending in this Respect shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VI. And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it enacted, That the Stations to be appointed' to and Stations to be. for the said Labouring coal metres, at the said Wharves, shall be varied in such Manner as the Princi, vark'

pal coal metres, or any one or more of them shall think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts and Agreements to be made at any Time, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of September, for any Quantity of Coals to be delivered within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy, or the

A laid.

696 C 35. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

Pool Mcafoie, said Parishes, or the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, diredfly from any u Lighter, or other Craft, to the Consumer (not being less than Five Chaldron) shall be for Pool

Measure, including the Ingrain of one Chaldron in every Score, according to the ancient Custom of the Port of London, and shall be so underlfood between the Seller and Buyer, though the Term, of Pool Measure may be omitted in any written or verbal Contract or Agreement for that purpose.

l'nol Measure, VIJAND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals which shall, at any c, to be loaded Time from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of September, be delivered as and for Pool mea u'p.tiately. sure a(. a y wharf within the said City and Liberty, or the said Part of the said Duchy, shall be loaded separately in the Craft, together with the Ingrain thereto belonging, and shall be so tilled and delivered from thence, without being measured by the Bushel, unless the Buyer desire to have the same so meas ed.

coai mct°errto5

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals which, from and after be present at the said twenty-fourth Day of September, shall be sold as and for Wharf Measure, at any Place or Wharf Measure. Places within the said City and Liberty, or the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy, or the said pa rifles, or the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrtw, Holborn, shall be measured in the pre fence of one of the said Labouring coal metres, in such Manner as is directed in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty cap ar 2' x'ns Charles the Sec nd, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, and the

'said Labouring coal metres shall and may, snd he and they is and are hereby authorised and required

tiencient°mea p tc>^UP art Bushel or Bushels of Coals, as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in

lure. Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Say of the said Coals.

Seller to pay X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fourpence by the Chaldron for

3ronper I: every Chaldron, which from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of September shall be sold and

delivered at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy, or the said Parishes, or the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, shall be paid by the Seller of such Coals, to the Principal Land coal metres for the time being, or to the Labouring Coal metres, for the Purposes following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof for the Use of the Principal Coal metres, as a Recompense of their Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of their Clerks, Messengers, hotffe rent, Fire, Candles, and all other Expellees incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid; and the other Metres to give Moiety for the Use of the Labouring coal metres; and thereupon such Principal Land coal me

1 ijikets. ters an(j they are hereby respectively required to deliver, or cause to be delivered to every

Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry the same, a paper writing, or Ticket, signed by the said Principal Land coal metres, or one or more of them, and countersigned by the Labouring coal metre attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained as well the Christian and Siruame of the respective Sellers, as of the Consumers of the said Coals, the Quantity and Quality, the Price per Chaldron, and the Day of the Week, Month, and

Year of the Sales, Delivery, and Admeasurement, the Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen, or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the lame Coals; which said 'Picket being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring coal metre countersigning the same, without Delay, to the Carman, or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals, described in such Ticket, to the Consumer therein named; which said Ticket unaltered, the Caiman, or Person therein named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals, in such 'Picket described, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who Tv hvt re d to 1 h - attend to i cceive the Coals described in such Ticket, for the Use of such Consumer; and

Consumu.0 thereupon he, she, and they are hereby requited to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, -

the Metage therein specifiea; and if the Labouring coal metre countersigning such picket, shall

tj^e Metage. after Payment of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Add, refuse to deliver such Ticket as Per it 0r, R herein before directed, to the Carman, or Person employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the Coals fufol ixfofe* (herein described, such Labouring coal metre shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Ticket'.. Sum of five Pounds; and if such Carman, or Person employed to cart, carry, iead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall (after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring coal metre countersigning the same) either alter or neglect or refuse to deliver, the same Ticket to the Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman, or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals defended in such i icket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

Penalty on

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in toi swithout any Quantity of Coals, exceeding eight Bushels, shall be sent or driven from any Wharf,

Tickets ° Warehouse or Place within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy and Parishes aforesaid, or the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrav Holborn, without firs having obtained such Ticket as aforesaid; then, and in every such Case, the Vender of the said Coals, and the Driver or Leader of such Cart, being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being by one of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's foffice or Justices of the Peace for the said Liberty of tvcilwinjhr, or County of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorised and required so

C

697

administer and take, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the respective Sums following, (to wit)

The Vender of such Coals the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Driver of Inch Cart the Sum of five Pounds.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Metre to be appoint pcn. ipy on

ed by virtue or pursuance of this Act, fitall deliver any false Ticket, or wilfully make, or procure Wfc Tickets, or to be made, any false Measure, and be thereof convicted by the Oaths (or in case the Testimony c3lr: 'in this Respect shall be given by any of the People called Ahiafors, Affirmations) of any two or more credible Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Liberty or County (and who are hereby respectively required and authorised to administer and take the same) such Metres shall respectively be, from and immediately after the Time of such conviction, incapable of acting as a coal metre in pursuance of this Act, and forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty labourinisco:

fourth Day of September, no Coals of or belonging to any Dealer in Coals, above the Quantity t' pre

of eight Bushels, under and in Performance of any one Contract, shall be lent and delivers from q^amiryfent any Wharf, Warehouse or Storehouse, within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the above 2 Bumds. aforesaid Part of the said Duchy, or the said Parishes, or the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew Hollorn (except in the Presence of one of such Labouring coal metres, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act) anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the Owners Exceptions, of any Works for raising Water by Fire, nor who at any Time shall have twenty Chaldron of Coals,

or upwards, in any Lighter or Lighters, or other Crafts, and who shall not vend such Coals, but that they shall and may have twenty Chaldron of Coals, or more, delivered under the Inspection of their own Agent (in the Absence of a Metre) and in that Case, such Persons are hereby respectively exempted from Payment of any Metage Charge by virtue of this A CL but if such Persons shall require the Care or Attendance of any Metre, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Case, they shall pay the Metage Charge of fourpence by the Chaldron hereby laid, as other con fumers of Coals are hereby obliged or ought to do, in pursuance of this Act; any tiling herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Labouring Coal penalty on 1.1. metre shall, from and after the said twenty - fourth Day of September, wittingly or willingly suffer boun"s coair any Coals, sold as and for Wharf Measure (exceeding the Quantity of eight Bushels)) be sent un^above S'" from any Wharf or Warehouses within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the aforesaid Bushds to He Part of the said Duchy, or the said Parishes, or the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint andrezv^old unmeafur holborn, without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land coal metres, or their Deputies, at the said Office, within two Day next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and shall be duly convicted thereof, by the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, such Labouring coal metre shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring coal metre within the said City and Liberty of Westmuisler, or the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy, and the said Parishes, and the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, and forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Dealer in Coals shall, from Pennityon and after the said twenty-fourth Day of September, directly or indirectly give, or cause to be given Dealers giving, to any Labouring coal metre or coal metres, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, any Fee, coai meterstf reward, Gratuity or Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever (other than the said Sum of tour Pence reiving, more by the Chaldron, hereby directed to be paid as aforesaid) for his Trouble or Pains in attendingt!, 13"j W Pr or measuring of Coals, as herein before directed; or if any labouring coal metre or coal metres Lla r0i>' shall, directly or indirectly, receive from any Dealer or Dealers in Coals, any such Fee, Reward,

Gratuity, Sum or Sums of Money, other than the said Sum of fourpence by the Chaldron,

hereby directed to be paid; that then, and in such Case, every such Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the labouring coal metre or Metres, who shall have received such Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Sum or Sums of Money, shall be from thenceforth for ever rendered incapable of acting as a coal metre within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and the aforesaid Part of the said Duchy, and the said Parishes, and the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, and forfeit and pay the Sum of five Ponnds.

xvii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Driver of any Cart loaded Penalty on with Coals, or any Person belonging thereto, or employed therewith, shall deliver, or suffer to be ca tors defraud delivered or taken from such Cart, any Coals under his Care otherwise than to or for the Use of the in "

Owner or Owners thereof, and shall be convicted of such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.;

xviii. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person persons Jiff, us persons shall be dissatisfied with, or think himself or herself aggrieved, by or in the Measure of any sod. may u. -- Coals, under or by virtue of this Act, the same Coals shall (either upon acquainting the Seller of such Coals, or the Carman driving or leading the same, at any Time during the Delivery thereof, and n jucc, b before the Carman shall be discharged thereof by the Consumer, or his, her or their Agent or

C 35.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

and paying 4d. f.cr Chaldron, The Seller liable to Penalties for Deficiency.

After Notice of ditfutisfaction,

Person not to quit the Cart, till a Metre be procured.

Persons disqualified from being Principals or Labouring coal metres. Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

Appeal to the Sessions.

The Court to aw^rdcoits, ice,

convision not to be quashed for want of porm only.

Agents) be re measured, either in the Presence of a sea coal metre, from the sea coal metres Office in the City of London, or one of the Metres, or their Agents, appointed in pursuance of this act; for which shall be paid, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Sum of fourpence, and no more, for every Chaldron; and in case the Coals thus to be re measured, shall not amount to the Measure for which they were originally sold and measured, the Sellers of such Coals are hereby respectively made liable to the Penalties and Punishments inflicted, and to be recovered and applied in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as by the Laws now in Being, made for the Punishment of Offences of this Sort, are directed.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Notice shall have been given in Writing to the Seller of such Coals, or to the Carman carrying, driving or leading the same, and whilst tuch Coals shall so remain in their or either of their Possession or Power as aforesaid, of any such dissatisfaction or Grievance as aforesaid, such Seller or Carman, in whose possession or Power such Coals shall at the Time of such Notice be, shall not leave or depart from the Cart in which such Coals shall have been laden, but he and they shall remain with the same, and take all possible Care both of the Coals and Cart, till a Metre or Metres, appointed in pursuance of this Act, can be procured to re measure such Coals; and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, with all convenient Speed, on Notice for that Purpose to be delivered or left at the said Office, in Wriling, in any of the said Office Hours, to attend for that Purpose.

XX. Provided also, That no Person or Persons whatsoever who shall be a Seller of Coals, or Dealer in, or employed in the carrying of Coals, or a Wharfinger, or interested in any Wharf, shall at any Time be capable of acting, or act, either as Principal or Labouring coal metre in virtue hereof.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid several Forfeitures and Penalties imposed, and to be incurred by virtue of or under this present Act, shall be recovered and applied in the Manner, and to and for the Purposes following (that is to say) Such and so many of the said Forfeitures and Penalties as do and shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his said majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; the one Moiety of which said Forfeitures and Penalties (that is, where each of them exceeds five Pounds) shall be to and for the Use of his said Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof (with Full Costs of Suit) to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: And all other the aforesaid Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recovered by way of Complaint, made unto any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the said County of Middlesex, who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Complaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in this respect shall be given by any of the People called Quakers, and which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby respectively required and empowered to administer and take) and upon due Proof thereof made to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Forfeitures and Penalties accordingly; the one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed; and in case such Forfeitures or Penalties shall not (after such Conviction or Convictions) be forthwith paid; that then the same shall be levied by Distress ard Sale of the Goods and Chattles of the respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress or Diltresses, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, and not less than fourteen Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

XXII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person so convicted as aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter sessions. of the Peace, to be held for the said County of Middlesex next after such Conviction (but not after wards) and that Sessions, when so appealed to, shall, at the then next Sessions after bringing such Appeal, hear and finally determine the same; and if the Appellant in such Appeal, shall not make good, support and succeed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the same with effect, the said Court of Sessions shall then award such Costs as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there, in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on and by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, and for want thereof, to commit the Person or Persons, thus appealing, to the common Gaol of and for the said County of Middlesex., and there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the Purposes aforesaid; in case the said Appellant shall make good, support and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the same Court shall, in that Case, award to such Appellant reasonable Costs, to be then and there, in open Court, paid to him or them, by the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution such Conviction shall have been founded or made; and for want of such Payment, the said Court of Sessions shall commit such Informed and Prosecutors respectively to the common Gaol of the said County of Middlesex, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; no Conviction, to be pronounced or made by virtue of or lender this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

---

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo non Georgii II. c. 36. 699

[No Certiorari.]

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall issue, or be issuable, to remove the Record of any Conviction or Proceedings thereon, to be taken, made or pronounced in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act, into any of his said Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Information or Suit shall be brought, filed or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for anything to be done in pursuance of this act,

[Suit to be commenced within 6 Months, &c.]

---

the same shall be commenced or filed within six Months next after the Fact committed (and not afterwards) and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex (and notlontatic1

elsewhere) and the Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits or Informations, may plead J '

the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, on any Trial to be had there General 1 Toe.

upon, and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to have been done, or if any such Action, Suit or Information shall be brought or filed after the Time for this Purpose herein before in this Respect limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or

Place, then the jury in every such Case shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Full Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall have Full Costs, and such Remedy for the Recovery of the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed, ruw; cit judged and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue This Act to be

and be in Force for three Years from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of September, and from '".I, " ", cr thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Continued by

Geo. 2. c. 57. §12.' And see 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 31 Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. 2. c. 27. 33 Geo. 2. c. 1 j.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to allow the Purchase, for His Majesty's Use, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom on board Neutral Ships, by any of His Majesty's Ships, and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them.

EXP.

'WHEREAS great Numbers of Ships of Neutral Nations do daily pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores, which they carry to the Ports of France and Spain, whereby his Majesty's Enemies are not only enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, but also supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of War to annoy and invade his Majesty's Dominions: And whereas diverse Ships of Neutral Nations, laden as aforesaid, already have been taken, and more hereafter may be taken, and brought into the Ports of Great Britain, and the Purchase of such Naval Stores, laden on Board such Ships of Neutral Nations, for the Service of his Majesty, may in many Cases be expedient, without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof:

But whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of 12 Car. 2. C iz. ' his late Majesty King Charles the Second (entitled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation)) is, among! other Things, enacted, That no Sort of Mads, Timber,

or Boards, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp or Flax, shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without Fraud belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners, at lead, are English, except only such foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place,

of which the said Goods are the Growth, Production or manufacture, or such Port where the said Goods can only be, or moult usually are first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the

Master and three fourths of the Mariners, at lead, are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the their 13 Geo. 2.0.31 ' teenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (entitled. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to ftrve in his Majestfs Ships of War, and on Boat'd Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Privateers)) is provided. That during the Continuance of the present War, and no longer,

(except as therein Is excepted) it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer, to be navigated by foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalised Subjects, so as the Number of such foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three fourths of the Mariners at any one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer; and that one fourth, at least, of the Mariners or Seamen

so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty's naturalised Subjects of Great Britain, (sudden Death, and a Hazard, and Casualties of War and the Seas, saved and excepted; )' Now be it enacted, &c.

---

700 C. 37. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

"Commissioners of the Navy may buy Naval Stores brought in Neutral Ships during the War. Commissioners of the Customs to permit the same to be entered and landed."

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon.

[45 Eliz. c. 12. 13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 23. 6 Geo. 1. c. 18. 7 Geo. 1. c. 27. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30.]

'WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the making Assurances, Interest or no Interest, or without further Proof of Interest than the Policy, hath been productive of many pernicious Practises, whereby great Numbers of Ships, with their Cargoes, have either been fraudulently lost and destroyed, or taken by the Enemy in Time of War; and such Assurances have encouraged the Exportation of Wool, and the carrying on many other prohibited and clandestine Trades, which by Means of such Assurances have been concealed, and the Parties concerned secured from Loss, as well to the Diminution of the public Revenue, as to the great Detriment of fair Traders; and by introducing a mischievous kind of Gaming or Wagering, under the Pretence of assuring the Risque on Shipping, and fair Trade, the Institution and laudable Design of making Assurances, hath been perverted; and that which was intended for the Encouragement of Trade and Navigation, has, in many Instances, become hurtful of, and destructive to the same:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Assurance to be made on Ships or Effects, &c. of Subjects, Interest or no Interest.]

That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Assurance or Assurances shall be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, on any Ship or Ships belonging to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects, or on any Goods, Merchandizes or Effects laden or to be laden on Board of any such Ship or Ships, Interest or no Interest, or without further Proof of Interest than the Policy, or by way of Gaming or Wagering, or without Benefit of Salvage to the Assurer; and that every such Assurance shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

[Assurance on private Ships of War, may be made Interest or no Interest.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Assurance on private Ships of War, fitted out by any of his Majesty's Subjects solely to cruise against his Majesty's Enemies, may be made by or for the Owners thereof, Interest or no Interest, free of Average, and without Benefit of Salvage to the Assurer; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Assurance on Effects from Spain or Portugal.]

III. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That any Merchandizes or Effects from any Ports or Places in Europe or America, in the Possession of the Crowns of Spain or Portugal, may be assured in such Way and Manner, as if this Act had not been made.

[Re-assurance in what Cases admitted, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to make Re-assurance, unless the Assurer shall be insolvent, become a Bankrupt, or die; in either of which Cases such Assurer, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, may make Re-assurance, to the Amount of the Sum before by him assured, provided it shall be expressed in the Policy to be a Re-assurance.

[The Conditions for lending Sums on in Bottom-ree upon Ships bound to or from the East Indies.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August, all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be lent on Bottom-ree, or at Respondentia, upon any Ship or Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, bound to or from the East-Indies, shall be lent only on the Ship, or on the Merchandise or Effects laden, or to be laden on Board of such Ship, and shall be so expressed in the Condition of the Bond; and the Benefit of Salvage shall be allowed to the Lender, his Agents or Assigns, who alone shall have a Right to make Assurance on the Money so lent; and no Borrower of Money on Bottom-ree, or at Respondentia, as aforesaid, shall recover more on any Assurance than the Value of his Interest on the Ship, or in the Merchandizes or Effects laden on Board of such Ship, exclusive of the Money so borrowed; and in case it shall appear that the Value of his Share in the Ship, or in the Merchandizes or Effects laden on Board, doth not amount to the full Sum or Sums he hath borrowed as aforesaid, such Borrower shall be responsible to the Lender for so much of the Money borrowed, as he hath not laid out on the Ship or Merchandizes laden thereon, with lawful Interest for the same, together with the Assurance, and all other Charges thereon, in the Proportion the Money not laid out shall bear to the whole Money lent, notwithstanding the Ship and Merchandizes be totally lost.

[In all Actions Plaintiff to declare within 15 Days what Sums he hath assured.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions or Suits brought or commenced after the said first Day of August, by the Assured, upon any Policy of Assurance, the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or his Attorney or Agent, shall within fifteen Days after he or they shall be required so to do in Writing, by the Defendant, or his Attorney or Agent, declare in Writing what Sum or Sums he hath assured, or caused to be assured in the Whole, and what Sums he hath borrowed at Respondentia or Bottom-ree, for the Voyage, or any Part of the Voyage in Question in such Suit or Action.

'VII. And whereas it is unreasonable that any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, subscribing, sealing, or otherwise executing any Policy or Policies of Assurance, should be put to any Costs, Charges or Expences, in any Suit or Action at Law, to be brought on such Policy or Policies, in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, is or are ready and willing to'

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 38. 701

'pay such Damages and Costs, as shall and may be really and bona fide due thereon, which at present they are liable to, and often forced unjustly to bear, for that in many Cases upon such Policies, no Money can be brought into Court:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[Persons sued on Policies of Assurance, to bring the Money into Court;]

That from and after the said first Day of August, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, sued in any Action or Actions of Debt, Covenant, or upon any other Action or Actions, on any Policy or Policies of Assurance, to bring into Court any Sum or Sums of Money;

[Plaintiff not accepting it, and Jury not assessing greater Damages, to pay Costs.]

and if any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall refuse to accept such Sum or Sums of Money, so brought into Court as aforesaid, with Costs to be taxed, in full Discharge of such Action or Actions, and shall afterwards proceed to Trial in such Action or Actions, and the Jury shall not assess Damages to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, exceeding the Sum or Sums of Money so brought into Court, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in every such Case and Cases, shall pay to such Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action and Actions, Costs to be taxed; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary, notwithstanding.

[Limitations of this act.]

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to, or be in Force against any Persons residing in any Parts or Places in Europe out of his Majesty's Dominions, for whose Account any Assurance or Assurances shall be made before the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six; nor extend to, or be in Force against any Persons residing in any Parts or Places in Turkey, or in Asia, Africa or America, for whose Account any Assurance or Assurances shall be made before the twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Concerning Insurance see farther 21 Geo. 2. c. 4. 25 Geo. 2. c. 26.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pastors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal meeting houses in Scotland, without, duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any meeting houses where such unqualified Pastors or Ministers shall officiate.

[See 21 Geo. 2. c. 34.]

WHEREAS it is notorious, that for many Years last past, during the Reign of his present Majesty, and of his late Majesty King George the First, great Number of Meeting-houses have been setup and maintained in the City of Edinburgh, and other Parts of Scotland, by Persons professing to be of the Episcopal Communion, whereof the Pastors or Ministers have never taken the Oaths to his Majesty, or his Royal Father, nor ever did, in express Words, during the Exercise of Divine Service, pray for his Majesty and the Royal Family; by Means whereof those illegal Meetings have greatly contributed to excite and some nt a Spirit of Disaffection amongst Numbers of Persons in that Part of the Kingdom, against his Majesty's Person and Government; which hath been one of the Causes of the wicked and unnatural Rebellion, lately raised and carried on against his Majesty, in Favour of a Popish Pretender: And whereas the Abuse of so much Lenity and Forbearance, as has been hitherto shewn under the gracious and mild Government of his Majesty, and his Royal Father, towards such Nonjuring Episcopal Ministers, makes it absolutely necessary, that the Laws in Force concerning them be more punctually executed, and that some further Provision be made, to prevent the Continuance of so great a Mischief;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[Sheriffs

That all and every the Sheriffs of Shires, Stewarts of Stewartries in Scotland, and their Sheriffs, C "and the Magistrates of Royal Boroughs, shall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly numberofepif required, with all convenient Speed, on or before the first Day of November in the Year of our Lord copal Meeting' one thousand seven hundred and forty six, to inquire, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, or hoafes other credible Information, into the Number and Situation of the Episcopal meeting houses within their respective jurisdictions, and flrall cause Lists to be made of the same, and to be entered and insert Lists to be ed in a Book which shall be provided and kept for that Purpose, by the Clerks belonging to their acte jurisdictions respectively, and shall forthwith transmit true Copies thereof to the Clerk of each Home transmiuetuo of Parliament, to be laid before the said Houses respectively at their next Meeting. the Clerk of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who now is Pafior House of or Minister of any Episcopal Congregation in Scotland, shall, and he is hereby required, on or be ariament' fore the said first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty p^ors to profix, to produce to the Clerk of the Shire, Stewartry or Borough where his meeting house is situated, of thei^bdng^9 a Certificate from the proper Officer, of his having qualified himself by taking the Oaths to his qualified. Majesty appointed by Law, of which Certificate the Clerk shall forthwith make an Entry in the clerk to enter said Book appointed for keeping a List or Register of the meeting houses within that Jurisdiction; same, which Entry flrall express the Name of the Minister whom the Certificate concerns, and the Situation and Description of the meeting house where he officiates as Minister or Palror; Copies of which Copies to be Entries shall likewise be transmitted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of each House of Parliament, transimtccd. for the Purpose aforesaid; and the said Clerk of such Shire, Stewartry or Borough, shall likewise copies to be af deliver two attested Copies of such Certificate to such Pastor or Minister, one of them' to be by him ^ted.on the fixed on the Outside of the meeting house where he shall officiate, on or near the Door thereof, Meeting' im fev

702 C 38. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

and the other in some conspicuous Place within such meeting house; for each of which aft mentioned Copies, the Sum of sixpence Sterling shall be paid, and no more.

Ministers to pray

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every pastor or Minister who shall, s c^by Name at any Bime after the said first Day of September, officiate in any Episcopal meeting house or as directed in' Congregation, shall, as often as he shall so officiate, at sometime during the exercise of Divine the Liturgy. Service in such Episcopal meeting house or Congregation, pray for the King's most Excellent majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Name, and for all the Royal Family, in the same Form of Words as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors and the Royal Family are or shall be directed by lawful Authority to be prayed for in the Prayers for the Royal Family, contained in the Liturgy of the Church of England.

Pafiors not prow.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriffs, Stewards and their Deputies, and magi c)te.fs&artth"ir ^r4tes Boroughs, shall be obliged, and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required, immediately meet ing houses after the said first Day of November, forthwith to llmt up, or cause to be lhut up, theidoors of to be shut up. the meeting houses, or other Places where such Episcopal Assemblies or Meetings have been or shall be held, whereof the Pastor or Minister shall not have produced to their Clerks respectively the Certificate of his having been qualified as aforesaid, or wherein his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, Proprietor, see. and the Royal Family shall not be prayed for in express Words, in the Manner before directed j cunt^before ear shall not again give Access to the said Houses, or other Places of Meeting, until the Proprietor, admitted to Tenant or Possessor thereof shall enadl himself, with one or more sufficient Sureties, in the Court Access. Books of the said Sheriff, Steward, or Royal Borough, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds Sterling Money, to be paid to the said fudges or Magistrates, for the Use of his Majesty, that he or she shall not permit or fuller such House or Place to be employed or made use of as' an Episcopal meeting house, by any Pastor or Minister not qualifying himself as aforesaid, and conforming to the Regulations before mentioned, at any Time thereafter, during such Time as he or she shall continue Proprietor, Tenant or Possessor thereof.

Pafiors uiiqali

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the said first Day of sep tember, prefutne to enter upon, or exercise the Fundlion of a Pastor or Minister of any Episcopal i ing, Meeting or Congregation in Scotland, without having first caused his Letters of Orders to be entered on Record, or registered, or without having first qualified himself by taking and subscribing the Oaths, in such Manner as a]] Officers, civil and military, in Scotland are by Law' obliged to take and subscribe the lame', or without having first produced, and caused to be entered, 'in the Manner herein before directed, in the Books to be kept by the Clerk of the Sheriff, Steward or Borough Courts respectively, where such Person proposes to officiate as a Pastor or Minister, his Name and Place of Abode, and the Place where his Meeting is to be held, and the Certificate of his having taken and subscribed the Oaths as aforesaid; or in case any Person who shall officiate as a Pastor or Minister in any such Episcopal meeting house or Congregation, shall not, as often as he shall so officiate, at sometime during Divine Service, pray for his Majesty by Name, his Heirs or Successors, and all the Royal Family, in tyre manner herein before directed; every Person so offending in any of the Premises, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace, or Penalty, before any other judge competent of the Place summarily, shall, for the first Offence, suffer imprisonment by the Space of six Months; and for the second, or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall be adjudged to be transported, and shall accordingly be transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America for Lite; and in case any Person adjudged to be so transported lhah return into, or be found in Great Britain, then every such Person shall suffer Imprisonment for Life.

Description of

VI. And for the better ascertaining what shall be deemed an Episcopal meeting house within the heefm °hgufe the lrue hitent and Meaning of this Act, and to prevent Evasions thereof. Be it further enacted and ieeins' cu u declared, That any Meeting, Assembly or Congregation in Scotland, where there shall be five Persons or more assembled or met together to hear Divine Service, over and besides those of the Houshold, if it be in any House where there is a Family inhabiting, or if it be in an House or Place where there is no Family inhabiting, then where any such Five or more Persons shall be so assembled and met together to hear Divine Service, and where Divine Service shall be performed by a Pastor or Minister, being of, or professing to be of the Episcopal Communion, every such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation, shall be deemed and taken to be an Episcopal meeting house within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Sheriffs, e. to

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sheriffs and Stewards, sciences, "andand their. Deputies, and the Magistrates of Royal Boroughs, shall be obliged and are hereby strictly prosecutt, k C enjoned and required hereafter, from time to time, to make diligent Inquiry within their respective Jurididlions, concerning any Offences that shall be committed against this Act, or the other Laws now in being concern ng the Pallors or Ministers officiating in any Episcopal meeting house in Scotland; and whenever they shall find that any meeting house, within their Jurisdiction, hath been setup or maintained without such Entry being made as aforesaid, or that the Pastor or Minister officiating in any Episcopial meeting house hath been guilty of neglecting to pray, in express Words, for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Name, and all the Royal Family, in the Manner herein before directed, they are hereby authorised and required to cause such Cfifences to be prosecuted before them, and to lhut up, or other wise 1'upprels such meeting houses, and to infiicl the Penalties imposed by this or other Acts against the Ministers or Pallors officiating therein in such Manner as is not allowed by Law: And in case any Information llvdl be given to the said Sheriffs, Stewards or their Deputies, or to the Magistrates of Royal Boroughs; or if it shall ap Informations in' pear to any of them, upon such Encjuiry as aforesaid, that any Offence has been committed against ^itfovorim this Act, for which the Penalty of Transportation, or Imprisonment for Life, i hereby inflicted; prisonmen/for" then such Sheriff, Steward, his Deputy, or other Magistrate, shall cause Information to be made thdre life, of in Writing, to his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, who is hereby required to prosecute the same With Effect

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, at any Time af Persons resort ter the said first Day of September, shall resort to, or frequent any Episcopal meeting house or Con

Stion in Scotland, whereof the pastor's or minister's Letters of Orders shall not be entered on re houses, es"

or registered as aforesaid, or whereof a Certificate of the Pastor or minister's having taken the

Oaths, and his Name and Place of Abode, and also the Place where his Meeting is to be held, shall not be entered according to the Directions of this Actor where the Pallor or Minister shall not pray, in express Words, for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Name, and all the Royal Family, in the Manner before directed; every Person so offending, who shall not, within the Space of five rot giving

Days, give Information of such illegal Meeting to some proper Magistrate, such Person so offending, Information, 'and being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before any other Judge competent of the Place summarily, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Penalty sum of five Pounds Sterling Money; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person who shall give Information of the said Offence, and suffer Imprisonment by the Space of six Months, unless or until the same be paid; and for the Second, or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Years from the Date of such Conviction.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Sep Letters of Or

tember, no Letters of Orders of any Pastor or Minister of any Episcopal Meeting or Congregation

in Scotland, shall be deemed sufficient, or be admitted to be registered, but such as have been given h'n/o/ireiani by some Bishop of the Church of England, or of Ireland, and in case any Letters of Orders, other than such as are before described, shall be registered, such Registration shall be deemed null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

X Provided always, That every Prosecution for any Offence committed against this Acts, fly all Prosecutions to be commenced within the Space of twelve Months after such Offence committed, and not after; |; Wards. _ _ _ Months.

XI. And whereas it is just and necessary to provide, that those who give Reason to suspect their being disaffected to his Majesty's Person and Government, and the present happy Establishment, by their frequenting or resorting to such illegal meeting houses, where his Majesty is not prayed for in express Words, should be restrained from the Power of hurting that Establishment to which they show such Disaffection; 'it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Peers present it said first Day of September, no Peer of Scotland shall be capable of being elected one of the sixteen unregiiter'd Peers, to sit and vote in the House of Peers, in the Parliament of Great Britain, or of voting in the ^etdifau°nied Election of any of the said sixteen Peers, who shall have, at any Time within one Year preceding such from voting or Election, been twice present at Divine Service in any Episcopal Meeting or Congregation in Scotland, being eiefted. not held and allowed in pursuance of an Acts made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, 10 Ann. c. 7, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, entitled, Act again? irregular Baptisms and Marriages; or which shall not, after the said first Day of September, be registered according to the Directions of this Act for where the Pastor or Minister officiating did not, in express Words, pray for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Name, and for all the Royal Family; and it shall be competent for any Peer of Scotland, present at the Election of the said sixteen Peers, or of any of them, to made this Objection, and to' prove the same by a Witness cr Witnesses upon Proof,

Oath, or by referring it to the Oath of the Peer so objected to; which Oath the Lord Clerk Rtgi oath by whom fter, or either of the two Clerks of Session, appointed by him to officiate in his Name at such to be admini election of sixteen Peers, or of any of them, is hereby empowered to administer; and in case the fter'd same shall be proved, or the Peer so objected to shall admit the Factor refuse to depose concerning it, he shall be and is hereby disqualified from, and rendered incapable of voting, or being chosen at any such Election as aforesaid; but such Admission, of Confession upon Oath, or otherwise so madeadmissionnot. at such Meeting, assembled' for any such Election, shall not be made use of, or given in Evidence to be Evidence against any such Peer, upon any Prosecution for any Penalty inflidied by this or any former Act t fj7pe2<al of Parliament. tie; ."rena"

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Person refellt of September, no Person shall be capable of being elected, or of voting in any Election of a Mem at unregister'd ber of Parliament for any Shire or Borough, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of meeting being elected, or voting in the Election of z Magistrate or Counsellor for Boroughs, or of a Dea q°^jffiecf from" con of Crafts within Burgh, or of a Collector or Clerk of the Land 'Pax or Supply, who shall voting, or being have at any Time within one Year preceding such Election, been twice present at Divine Ser elected. vice, in any Episcopal Meeting or Congregation in Scotland, not held and allowed in pursuance of the said Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or which shall not, after the said first Day of September, be registered according to the Directions of this Actor where the ioann.e. 7.

---

C. 39. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

[Proof.]

---

Oath by wlioni to be administer'd.

Pastor or Minister officiating did not, in express Words, pray for his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, by Name, and for all the Royal Family; and it shall be competent for any Candidate or Member of the Meeting, assembled for any such Election, to make this Objection, and to prove the same by a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by referring it to the Oath of the Person objected to, which Oath the Presses or Clerk of such Meeting is hereby empowered to administer j and in case the same shall be proved, or the Person so objected to shall admit the fact, or refus to depose concerning it, he shall be, and is hereby disqualified from, and rendered incapable of voting, or being chosen at any such Election as aforesaid;

Admission not to be Evidence upon prosecution for Penalties.

but such Admission, or Confession upon Oath, or otherwise lb made at such Meeting, assembled for any such Election, shall not be made use of, or given in Evidence against any such Person, upon any Prosecution, for any Penalty inflicted by this or any former act of Parliament.

[Civil or military Officers resorting to unregister'd meeting houses

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the said first Day of September, either Peers, or Commoners, who have, or shall have any Office or Offices, civil or military, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall resort to, or frequent any Episcopal meeting house or Congregation in Scotland, whereof the Pastor's or Minister's Letters of Orders shall not be entered on Record, or registrate as aforesaid, or whereof a Certificate of the Pastor or Minister's having taken the Oaths, and his Name, or Place of Abode, and also the Place where his Meeting is to beheld, shall not be entered according to the Directions of this act, and where the Pastor or Minister shall not pray, in express Words, for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Name, and all the Royal Family, in the Manner before directed, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the Peace, or before any other judge competent of the Place,

---

[Penalty.]

shall be disabled from thenceforth to hold such Office or Offices, and shall forfeit the same; and shall be adjudged incapable to bear any Office, civil or military, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Space of one Year from and after the Date of such Conviction.

[Judges, &c. not doing their Duty in the Premises.]

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Judges, or magistrates, shall be guilty of any wilful neglect or Omission of their Duty in the Premises,

[Penalty.]

they shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, toties quoties; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other to be disposed of for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall be resident for the time being, to be recovered by summary Complaint before the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, or at the Circuit Courts of Justiciary.

[See 26 Geo. 2. c. 29.]

CAP. XXXIX.

---

An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the same.

Geo. , 5. c. 54. See 21 Geo. 2. c. 34.

11 Geo. 1. c. 26.

WHEREAS by an act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland, it was enacted, That from and after the first Day of November, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, it Should not be lawful for any Person or Persons (except such Persons as are therein mentioned and describedj within the Shire of Dunbartain, on the North Side of the Water of Levin, Stirling on the North Side of the River of Forth, Perth, Kincardin, Aberdeen, Inverness, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyle, Forfar, Barnff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgine, and Ross, to have in his or their Custody, use, or bear, Broad Sword or Target, Poignard, Linger, or Durk, Side Piltol, Gun, or other warlike Weapon, otherwise than in the said Act was directed, under certain Penalties appointed by the said act; which act having by Experience been found not sufficient to attain the Ends therein proposed, was further en forced by an act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, entitled, an Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for the better securing the Peace and fuiet of that Part of the Kingdom: And whereas the said act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty being, so far as it related to the disarming the Highlands, to continue in Force only during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of t Parliament, is now expired: And whereas many Persons within the said Bounds and Shires ft 11 4 continue possessed of great Quantities of Arms, and there, with a great Number of such Persons,

have lately raised and carried on a most audacious and wicked Rebellion against his Majesty, in favour of a Popish Pretender, and in Prosecution thereof did, in a traitorous and hostile Manner,

march into the Southern Parts of this Kingdom, took Possession of several Towns, raised Contributions upon the Country, and committed many other Disorders, to the Terror and great Loss of

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39. 705

his Majesty's faithful Subjects, until, by the Blessing of God on his Majesty's Arms, they were fub duednow, for preventing Rebellion, and traitorous Attempts in Time to come, and the other Mischiefs ariliue from the Possession or Use of Arms, by lawlel's, wicked, and disaffetfted Persons inhabiting within the said several Shires and Bounds; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty six, it shall be lawful for the respective Lords Lieutenants of the several Shires above recited, 'and for such other Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors flvall, by his or their Sign Manual, from time to time, think fit to authorise and appoint, in that Behalf, to issue, or cause to be issued out, Letters of Summons in his Majesty's Name, and under his or their respective Hands and Seals, directed to such Persons within the said several Shires and Bounds, as he or they, from time to time, shall think lit, thereby commanding and requiring all and every Person and Persons therein named, or inhabiting within the particular Limits therein described, to bring in and deliver up, at a certain Day, in such Summons to be prefixed, and at a certain Place therein to be mentioned, all and singular his and their Arms and warlike Weapons, unto such Lord Lieutenant, or other Person or Persons appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in that Behalf, as aforesaid, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or successors, and to be disposed of in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall appoint; and if any Person or Persons, in such Summons mentioned by Name, or inhabiting within the Limits therein described, shall, by the Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be convicted of having or bearing any Arms, or warlike Weapons, after the Day prefixed in such Summons, before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry where such Offender or Offenders shall reside, or be apprehended, or before the Judge Ordinary, or fuel) other Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors shall appoint, in Manner herein after directed, every such Person or Persons lb convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of fifteen Pounds Ste ling, and shall be committed to Prison until Payment of the said Sum; and if any Person or Persons, convicted as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make Payment of Tie foresaid Sum of fifteen Pounds Sterling, within the Space of one Calendar Month from the Date of such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful to any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or to the Judge Ordinary of the Place where such Offender or Offenders is or are imprisoned, in case he or they shall judge such Offender or Offenders fit to serve his Majesty as a Soldier or Soldiers, to cause him or them to be delivered over (as they are hereby empowered and required to do) to such Officer or Officers belonging to the Forces of his Majesty, lus Heirs or Successors, who shall be appointed from time to time to receive such Men, to serve as Soldiers in any of his Majesty's Forces in America', for which Purpose the respective Officers, who shall receive such Men, shall then cause the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion to be read to him or them in the Presence of such Justices of the Peace, or Judge Ordinary, who shall so deliver over such Men, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, together with the Names of the Persons so delivered over, with a Certificate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hands, to be delivered to the Officers appointed to receive such Men; and from and after reading of the said Articles of War, every Person so delivered over to such Officer, to serve as a Soldier as aforesaid, shall be deemed a listed Soldier to all Intents and Purposes shall be subject to the Discipline of War; and in case of Desertion, shall be punished as a Deserter; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be judged fit to serve his Majesty as aforesaid, then he or they shall be imprisoned for the Space of six Calendar Months, and also until lie or they shall give sufficient Security for his or their good Behaviour for the Space of two Years from the giving thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons summoned to deliver up their.arms as aforesaid, who shall, from and after the Time in such Summons prefixed, hide or conceal any Arms, or other warlike weapons, in any dwelling house, Barn, out house, Office, or any other House, or in the f ields, or any other Place whatsoever, and all Persons who shall be accessary or privy to the hiding or concealing of such Arms, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's ju ftiees of the Peace, Judge Ordinary, or other Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty in Manner above-mentioned, shall be liable to be fined by the said Justices of the Peace, Judge Ordinary, or other Person authorised by his Majesty, before whom lie or they shall be convicted, according to their Discretion, in any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds Sterling, nor under the Sum of fifteen Pounds Sterling, of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to Prison until Payment; and if the Person so convicted, being a Man, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Fine lb imposed, within the Space of one Calendar Month from the Date of the said Conviction, he shall, in case he be judged by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or the Judge Ordinary of the Place where such Offender is imprisoned, fit to serve his Majesty as a Soldier, be delivered over to serve as a Soldier in his Majesty's Forces in America, in the Manner before directed, with tefpedl to Persons convicted of having or" bearing of Arms; and in case such Offender shall not be judged fit to serve his Majesty as aforesaid, then he shall be imprisoned for the Space of six Calendar Months, and also until he shall give sufficient Security for his good Behaviour, for the Space of two Years from the giving thereof; and if the Person convicted shall be a Woman, file mall, over and above the foresaid tine, and Imprisonment till Payment, suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Calendar Months, within the Talbooth of the Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry within which file is convicted.';

Lord Lieutenants, &c. so illuc Summons,

for delivering up of Arms

[Penalty.]

On non pcy mem.

the Persons, if fit, to serve as soldiers in America.

Articles of War to be read to them y

If unfit, to be imprisoned for 6 Months, and find Bail.

Concealing, &c.'of Arms

Penalty,

On Nonpayment, the Peri fons, if fit, to serve as Soldiers in America

rf not fit, to be imprisoned for 6. Mohtht,

and' find Bail.

Penalty on Wfv* lyiehr"!

7 o6

Arms hidden in any House, C the Tenant to be deemed the Concealer, C

Second Offence 'ixanf^crurion.

Officers to be appointed by his Majesty,

what shall Be deemed a sufficient Summons,

and legal Notice.

Evidence of Notice given of the Summons to be made on Oath.

Oath with Duplicates of the Summons, to be delivered to the Sheriff, &c.

Sheriff, not making, Entry, C

Penalty

C 39. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the Day appointed by any Summons for the delivering up of Arms in pursuance of this Act, any Arms, or warlike Weapons, shall be found hidden or concealed in any dwelling house, Barn, out house, Office, or any other House whatsoever, being the Residence or Habitation of or belonging to any of the Persons summoned to deliver up Arms as aforesaid, the Tenant or Possessor of such dwelling house, or of the dwelling house to which such Barn, Office, or out house belongs, being thereof eonvided in Manner above-mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be the Haver and Concealer of such Arms, and being thereof eonvided in Manner above-mentioned, shall suffer the Penalties hereby above enacted against Concealers of Arms, unless such Tenant or Possessor, in whose House, Barn, outhouses, Office, or other House by them possessed, such Arms shall be found concealed, do give Evidence, by his or her making Oath, or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the said Justices of the Peace, Judge Ordinary, or other Person authorised by his Majesty, before whom he or she shall be tried, that such Arms were so.concealed and hid without his or her Knowledge, Privity, or Connivance.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall have been eonvided of any of the above Offences, of bearing, hiding, or concealing Arms, contrary to the provisions in this Act, shall thereafter presume to commit the like Offence a second Time, that he or she' being thereof eonvided before any Court of Justiciary, or at the Circuit Courts, shall be liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years.

V. And for the more effectual Execution of this present Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Sign Manual, from time to time, to authorise and appoint such Persons as he or they shall think proper, to execute all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to the Judge Ordinary, within their respective Jurisdictions, as to the apprehending, trying, and convict ing such Person or Persons who shall be summoned to deliver up their Arms, in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And to the end that every Person or Persons, named or concerned in such Summons, may have due Notice thereof, and to prevent all Questions concerning the Legality of such Notice, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Summons, notwithstanding the Generality thereof, be deemed sufficient, if it express the Person or Persons that are commanded to deliver up their Weapons, or the Parishes, or the Lands, Limits, and Boundings of the respective Territories and Places, whereof the Inhabitants are to be disarmed as aforesaid; that it shall be a sufficient and legal Execution or Notice of the said Summons, if it is affixed on the Door of the Parish Church or Parish Churches of the several Parishes within which the Lands (the Inhabitants whereof are to be disarmed) do lie, on any Sunday, between the Hours of ten in the Forenoon, and two in the Afternoon, four Days at least before the Day prefixed for the delivering up of the Arms, and on the Market Cross of the Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry, within which the said Lands lie, eight Days before the Day appointed for the said Delivery of the Arms; and in case the Person or Persons employed to affix the said Summons on the Doors of the several Parish Churches, or any of them, shall be interrupted, prevented, or forcibly hindered from affixing the said Summons on the Doors of the said Churches, or any of them, upon Oath thereof made before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the Summons affixed on the Market Cross of the said Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Notice to all the Persons commanded thereby to deliver up their Arms, within the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purposes of this ACT

VII. And to the end that there may be sufficient Evidence of the Execution, or Notice given of the Summons for disarming the several Persons and districts, as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the elapsing of the said several Days to be prefixed for the delivering up Arms, the Person or Persons employed to fix the Summons, as above-mentioned, on the Market Cross of the Head Burghs of any Shire or Stewartry, shall, before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Shire or Stewartry, make Oath, that he or they did truly execute and give Notice of the same, by affixing it as aforesaid; the Person or Persons employed to affix the said Summons on the Doors of the Parish Church or Parish Churches, shall make Oath in the same Manner, and to the same Effect, or otherwise shall swear that he or they were interrupted, prevented, or forcibly hindered from affixing the said Summons as aforesaid; Oaths, together with Copies or Duplicates of the Summons, to which they severally relate, shall be delivered to the Sheriff or Steward Clerk of the several Shires or Stewartries, within which the Persons intended to be disarmed do live or reside, who shall enter the same in Books, which lie and they is and are hereby required to keep for that Purpose; and the said Bocks in which the Entries are so made, or Extracts out of the same, under the Hand of the Sheriff or Steward Clerk, shall be deemed and taken to be full and complete Evidence of the Execution of the Summons, in order to the Conviction of the Persons who shall neglect or refuse to comply with the lame.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Sheriff or Steward Clerk neglect or refuse to make such Entry as is above-mentioned, or shall refuse to exhibit the Books', containing such Entries, or to give Extracts of the same, being thereto required by any Person or Persons who shall carry on any Prosecutions in pursuance of this act, the Clerk so neglecting or refuting shall forfeit his Office, and shall likewise be fined in the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling; to be recovered upon a summary Complaint before the Court of Session, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39. 707

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maj? be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant of any of the Shires aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid, to summon the Person or Persons aforesaid to deliver up lus or their Arms, in Manner above-mentioned, or to and for any one Justice of the Peace of the respective Shires above-mentioned, or to the Judge Ordinary within their rdnebtive Jurisdictions, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for trying Offences against this Act, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to apprehend all such Person or Persons as may be found within the Limits aforesaid, having or wearing any Arms, or waihke Weapons, contrary to Law, and forthwith to carry him or them to some sure Prison, in order to their being proceeded against according to Law.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Royal Sign Manual, and also ro and for tyre Lord Lieutenant of any of tyre Shires aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty to summon the Person or Persons aforesaid to deliver up their Anns, or any one or more Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to authorise and appoint any Person or Persons to enter into any House or Houses, within the Limits aforesaid, either by Day or by Night, and there to search for, and to seize all such Arms as shall be found contrary to the Direction of this Act.

XI. Provided, That if the above-mentioned Search shall be made in the nighttime, that is to say, between Sun setting and Sun rising, it shall be made in the Presence of a Constable, or of same Person particularly to be named for that Purpose in the Warrant for such Search; and if any Persons, to the Number of five or more, shall at any Time assemble together to obstruct the Execution of any Part of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Lord Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace where such Assembly shall be, and also to and for every Peace Officer within any such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place where such Assembly shall be, and likewise to and for all and every such other Person or Persons, as by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be authorised and appointed in that Behalf as aforesaid, to require the Aid and Assistance of the Forces of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by applying to the Officer commanding the said Forces (who is hereby authorised, empowered and commanded to give such Aid and Assistance accordingly] to suppress such unlawful Assembly, in order to the putting this Act in due Execution; and also to seize, apprehend and disarm, and they are hereby required to seize, apprehend and disarm such Persons so assembled together, and forthwith to carry the Persons so apprehended before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Place where such Persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against, for such their Offences, according to Law; and if the Persons so unlawfully aflem bletl, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons summoned to deliver up his or their Arms in pursuance of this Act, shall happen to be killed, maimed or wounded in the dispersing, seizing and apprehending, or in the endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend, by reason of their refilling the Persons endeavouring to disperse, seize and apprehend them; then all and every such Lord Lieu enant, Deputy Lieutenant, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any Peace Officer or Officers, and all and every Person or Persons, authorised and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in that Behalf as aforesaid, and all Persons aiding and assisting to him, them, or any of them, shall be freed, discharged and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, for or concerning the killing, maiming or wounding any such Person or Persons so unlawfully assembled, that shall be so killed, maimed or wounded as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Civil or Criminal, shall be brought before any Court whatsoever, against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall lawfully do in pursuance or Execution of this Act, such Court shall allow the Defendant the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity above provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer to pay the Defender the full and real Expenses that he shall be put to by such Action or Prosecution.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Peers of this Realm, nor their Sons, nor any Members of Parliament, nor any Person or Persons, who, by the Act above recited of the first Year of his late Majesty, were allowed to have or carry Arms, shall by virtue of this Act be liable to be summoned to deliver up their Arms or warlike Weapons; nor shall this Actor the above recited Act, be construed to extend to exclude or hinder any Person, whom his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Licence under his or their Sign Manual, shall permit to wear Anns, or who shall be licensed to wear Arms by any Writing or Writings under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Person or Persons authorised by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to' give such Licence, from keeping, bearing or wearing such Arms and warlike Weapons as in such Licence or Licences shall for that Purpose be particularly specified.

XIV. And to the end that no Persons may be discouraged from delivering up their Arms, from the Apprehension of the Penalties and Forfeitures which they may have incurred, through their neglecting to comply wfith the Directions of the said Act of the first Year of his late majesty's Reign, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time of affixing any such Summons as aforesaid, no Person or Persons residing within the Bounds therein mentioned, shall be sued or prosecuted for his or their having, or having had, bearing, or having born Arms at any Time before the several Days to be prefixed or limited by Summons as aforesaid, for the respective Persons and Districts

Lord Lieutenant, &c. to appoint i'ettonp to summon.

and apprehend. Sec. such '(. shall hr fonrd with Ann,

Search may bn made for Arms by Djy or Night,

in Pretence of a Constable, C

In case of of portion.

the Aid of the King's Forces to be called.

Offenders to be carried before a Justice.

Indemnification

against Persons killed refitting.

Defendant to lie allowed the Indemnity, and his Expenses.

Persons exempted from delivering up their Arms,

1 Geo. 1. c. 54.

None to be sued for having had Arms before the Time limited for delivering them trp.

7°8 C 39.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

ddivfcfing up Arms.

piqjofu of the Fcileitures.

continunnc.e.

Nrorie but tlis Army to wear the Highland Clothes.

'bc Time is es

*brged by 20 Geo. a. C i. jind this Clartfe is amerced and enforced by ?.1 Gtc. z. C 34,

[Penalty.]

t9 Geo. 2. C z.a

to deliver up their Arms'; but if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up their Arms in Obedience to such Summons as aforesaid, or shall afterwards be found in Arms, he and they ddirdrnk un0t tliall be liable to the Penalties and forfeitures of the Statute above recited, as well as to the Penalties of this present Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties imposed by this Act, with respect to which no other Provision is made, 'shall be to the Informer or Informers; and the other Moiety shall be at the Disposal of the Justices of the Peace, Judge Ordinary or other Person authorised by his Majesty as aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall happen, provided the same be applied towards the Expense incurred in the Execution of this Act:

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the above Provisions in this Act Comrmjutiand continue in Force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament,

amended zb, 7 7

Geo. 2. c. 29.' 'and no longer.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of auguj, I one thousand seven hundred and forty ieven, no Man or Boy within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as shall be employed as Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty's Forces, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, wear or put on the Clothes commonly called Highland Clothes (that is to say) the Plaid, Philebeg or little Kilt, Trowfe, Shoulder Belts, or any Part whatsoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland Garb; and that no Tartan or party coloured Plaid or Stuff shall be used for Great Coats, or for Upper Coats and if any such Person (hah prefuine, after the said first Day of August, to wear or put on the aforesaid Garments, or any Part of them, every such Person so offending, being convicted thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Court of Judiciary, or any one or more Justices of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry, or Judge Ordinary of the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall suffer imprisonment, without Bail, during the Space of LIX Months, and no longer; and being convicted

for a second Offence before a Court of Judiciary, or at the Circuits, shall be liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, there to remain for the Space of seven Years.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to indemnfy such Persons as have ailed in Defence of his Majestf s Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the prefnt unnatural Rebellion, end,

Sheriffs and others who have Jiffcred escapes, occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions t ' it is enacted, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations and all Moledations,

+Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, and Judgments thereupon, if any be, for or by Reason of any Matter or Thing advised, commanded, appointed or done during the Rebellion, until the thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to suppress the said unnatural Rebellion, or for the Preservation of the public Peace, or for the Service or Safety of the Government, shall be discharged and made void: And whereas it is also reasonable, that Acts done for the public Service, since the said thirtieth Day of April,

though not justifiable by the ilridt Forms of Law, should be jullified by Act of Parliament Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments and Informations, which have been or shall be commenced or prosecuted, and all Moledations, Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, and Judgments thereupon, if any be, for or by reason of any Act, Matter or Thing advised, commanded, appointed or done before the twenty-fifth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to suppress the said unnatural Rebellion, or for the Preservation of the public Peace, or for the Safety or Service of the Government, shall be discharged and made void; and that every Person, by whom any such Act, Matter or Thing shall have been so advised, commanded, appointed or done for the Purposes aforesaid, or a ry of them, before the said five and twentieth Day of July, (brail be freed, acquitted and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons; that if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be commenced or prosecuted, within that Part ot Great Britain called England, against any Person for any such Act, Matter or Tiling so advised, commanded, appointed or done for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, before the said twenty-fifth Day of July, he or (lie may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or fuller Discontinuance; if a Verdict pals against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, that Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their double Coils, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if such Action or Suit hath been or shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court, before whom such Action or Suit hath been or shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity above provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer to pay to the Defender the full and real Expenses that he or (lie shall be put to by such Action or Suit.

XIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the sixth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more entire and complete; it is, a ' amongst other Things, enacted, That Circuit Courts shall be holdeii in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, in Manner, and at the Places mentioned in the said Act: And whereas by the late unnatural Rebellion, the Course of Justice in Scotland has been so interrupted, as rene dered it iinpladticable to give up and transmit Presentineats, in such due Time as Prosecutions might

All Anions, for Matters done Tor the Service of the Government, to be void, C

England, General Issue,

[Double Costs.]

Scotland.

Full Costs.

f Aittftp, C 6,

A.D. 1746. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39. 709

thereupon commence, before the Northern Circuit, to be held in May this present Year, whereby

there appeared a Necessity of superseding the said Circuit; ' Be it therefore enacted try the Authority Judge ifidem aforesaid, That the judges of the Court of Judiciary, and all and every other Person and Persons

therein concerned, are hereby indemnified for their not performing the said Circuit, as by the fore Circ: CC un:. cited Act they were obliged to do; anything in the same Ael, or in any other Lav or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas a Doubt hath arisen with respect to the Shire of Dunbartain, what Part thereof was intended to be disarmed by the first recited act made in the Fird Year of his late Majesty King George, and intended to be carried into further Execution by the present act be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Parts of the said Shire of Dunbartalr, as lie upon the Ead, p vgof t1'

West and North Sides of Lochlomond, to the Northward of that Point where the Water of Leven runs

from Lochlomond, are and were intended to be disarmed by the aforesaid Aid, and are comprehend

and subject to the Directions of this act.

XXI. And whereas it is of great Importance to prevent the riling Generation being educated in disaffected or rebellious Principles, and although diffident Pro'vidon is already made by Law for the due Regulation of the Teachers in the Four Universities, and in the public Schools authorised 4. by Law in the Royal Burghs and Country Parishes in Scotland, it is further necessary, that all f Persons who take upon them to officiate as Mailers or Teachers in Private Schools, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Should give Evidence of their good Affection to his Majesty's Person and Government; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, it shall not be lawful for any Person in Scotland to keep a Private School for teaching engujl), Latin, Greek or any Part of Literature, or to officiate as a Mader or Teacher in such School, or any School for Literature, other than those in the Universities, or established in the respective Royal Burghs by publick Authority, or the Parochial Schools settled according to Law, or the Schools maintained by the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, or by the General Assemblies of the Church of Scotland, or Committees thereof, upon the Bounty granted by his Majesty, until the Situation and Situation, Description of such Private School be feld entered and regidered in a Book, which shall be provided f Pnva, s and kept for that Purpose by the Clerks of the several Shires, Stewartries and Burghs in Scotland,

together with a Certificate from the proper Officer, of every such Mader and Teacher having qua with a ceni lified himself, by taking the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices ot pub oli thr lick Trud in Scotland, and every such Mader and Teacher of a private School shall be obliged, and qualified is hereby required, as often as Prayers shall be said in such School, to pray, or cause to be prayed^for, in express Words, his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Name, and for all the Royal Fa to be prayed roily; and if airy Person shall, from and after the said fird Day of November, presume to enter upon, for by Name, or excercife the Funidion or Office of a Mader or Teacher of any such Private School as shall not have been regidered in Manner herein directed, or without having fird qualified himself, and caused the Certificate to be regidered as above-mentioned; or in case he shall neglect to pray for his Majesty by Name, and all the Royal Family, or to cause them to be prayed for' as herein directed; or in cale M., fters not to be shall resort to, or, attend Divine Worship in any Episcopal meeting house not allowed by the Law; retort to un every Person so. offending in any of the Premisses, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or' more of the Justices of Peace, or before any other Judge competent of the Place summarily, 'shall, penalty.04' for the fird Odence, suffer Imprisonment for the Space of six Months;

+and for the second, or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall be adjudged to be transported, and accordingly shall be transported to some of his Majesty's Plantations in America for Life; and in case any Person adjudged to be so transported shall return into, or be found in Great Britain, then every such Person shall suffer Imprisonment for Life.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Parent or Guardian Ac.

shall put a Child or Children under his Care to any Private School that shall not be regidered fending ciui" according to the Directions of this act, nr whereof the principal Mader or Teacher shall not have d, ev, ° un "regidered the Certificate of his having qualified himself as herein directed, every llich Parent or Guar scliooi^ac. dian so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more Justices of Peace, or before any other Judge competent of the Place summarily, shall, for the fird Offence, be lia peral. ble to suffer Imprisonment by the Space of three Months; and for the second or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Years from the Date of such Conviction.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety three, all Chaplains in Families, and Governors and Teachers of Children and Youth, were obliged to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Assurance therein li reeled; and there may he some Doubt, whether by tyre Laws, as they Hand at present, iiiev are obliged to take all the Oaths appointed to be taken by Persons in Offices of public Trud in Scotland.

Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fird Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, no Person shall exercise the Employment, Function, or Service of a Chaplain, in.any Family in that Part of Great Britain chaplains, called Scotland, or of a Governor, Tutor, or Teacher of any Child, Children or Youth, rending in in families to Scotland, or in Parts beyond the Seas, without fird qualifying himself, by taking de (Paths appointed ua tlis 0: C 's

---

710 C. 39. Anno decimo nono Georgii II. A.D. 1746.

[Certificates to be registered.]

by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices of public Trust, and causing a Certificate of his having done so to be entered or registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerks of the Shires, Stewartries or Burghs in Scotland, where such Person shall reside; or in case of any such Governor, Tutor or Teacher of any such Child, Children or Youth, acting in Parts beyond the Seas, then in a Book to be kept for that purpose by the Clerk of the Shire, Stewartry or Burgh where the Parent or Guardian of such Child, Children or Youth shall reside. And if any Person, from and after the said first Day of November, shall presume to exercise the Employment, Function, or Service of Chaplain, in any Family in Scotland, or of a Governor or Teacher of Children or Youth as aforesaid without having taken the said Oaths, and caused the Certificate of his having duly taken the same, to be registered, as is above directed; every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more Justices of Peace, or before any other Judge competent of the Place summarily,

[Penalty.]

shall, for the first Offence, suffer Imprisonment by the Space of six Months; and for the second or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall be adjudged to be banished from Great Britain for the Space of seven Years,

[Oath appointed for Chaplains, &c. of the Church of Scotland.]

XXIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for every Chaplain, Schoolmaster, Governor, Tutor, or Teacher of Youth, who is of the Communion of the Church of Scotland, instead of the Oath of Abjuration appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices civil or military, to take the Oath directed to be taken by Preachers and Expedients in Divinity of the established Church of Scotland, by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

[5. Geo. 1. c. 29.]

intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Laws appointing the oaths for Security of the Government to be taken by Ministers and Preachers in Churches and meeting houses in Scotland; and a Certificate of his having taken that Oath, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be as valid and effectual as the Certificate of his having taken the Oath of Abjuration above-mentioned; he shall be as much deemed to have qualified himself according to Law, as if he had taken the Abjuration appointed to be taken by Persons in Civil Offices.

[Persons keeping Chaplains, &c. who have not qualified;]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of November, no Person within Scotland, shall keep or entertain any Person or Chaplain in any Family, or as Governor, Tutor, or Teacher of any Child, Children, or Youth, unless the Certificate of such person's having taken the Oaths to his Majesty be duly registered in Manner above directed; if any Person shall keep or entertain a Chaplain in his Family, or a Governor, Tutor, or Teacher of any Child, Children, or Youth under his Care, without the Certificate of such Chaplain, Governor, Tutor, or teacher's having respectively qualified himself, by taking the Oaths to his Majesty, being duly registered in Manner above-mentioned, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more of his Majesty's Justices of Peace, or before any other Judge competent,

[Penalty.]

shall, for the first Offence, suffer Imprisonment by the Space of six Months; and for the second or any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland, shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of two Years.

XXVI. And for the better preventing any Private Schools from being held or maintained, or any Chaplain in any Family, or any Governor, Tutor, or Teacher of any Children or Youth, from being employed or entertained contrary to the Directions of this Act, Be it further enacted

[Sheriffs, &c. to inquire into Offences against this Act, &c.]

That the Sheriffs of Shires, and Stewarts of Stewartries, and Magistrates of Burghs of Scotland, shall be obliged, and are hereby required, from time to time, to make diligent Inquiry Within their respective jurisdictions, concerning any Offences that shall be committed against this Act, and cause the same, being the first Offence, to be prosecuted before themselves; in case of a second or subsequent Offence, to give Notice thereof, and of the Evidence for proving the same, to his Majesty's Advocate for the time being, who is hereby required to prosecute such second or subsequent Offences before the Court of Judiciary, or at the Circuit Courts.

[Continued by 33 Geo. 2. C. 26. And see farther 21 Geo. 2. C. 34. 26 Geo. 2. C. 29.]

The End of the Sixth Volume.

