THE
PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
1973
with
Lists of the Public General Acts
and Local Acts
and a Table of the Effect of Legislation
and an Index
[IN THREE PARTS]
PART III
LONDON
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
1974
£18.25 net.
(for three parts)
ISBN 0 11 840124 6
c
The Public General Acts
which received the Royal Assent in 1973
in which year ended the TWENTY-FIRST
and began the TWENTY-SECOND YEAR
of the Reign of HER MAJESTY
QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND
and
ended the Third Session
and began the Fourth Session
of the Forty-Fifth Parliament of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland
d
Printed by C. H. BAYLIS, С.В.
Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office and
Queen's Printer of Acts of Parliament
e
CONTENTS
PART I
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1973, cc. 1-37
...
INDEX to the Public General Acts of 1973..
Page
... g
...
i
k
...
1
ccliii
PART II
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1973 , cc. 38-56
INDEXto the Public General Acts of 1973
...
...
...
...
Page
g
i
k
737
ccliii
PART III
Page
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1973
...
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1973
...
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
...
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1973, cc. 57-69...
TABLE IV: Tables of the Derivations and Destinations of the Consolida-
tion Acts of 1973
...
TABLE V: Effect of Legislation...
INDEX to the Public General Acts of 1973
...
g
i
k
1725
i
Iv
..
...
... ccliii
[ There were no General Synod Measures in 1973]
f
g
TABLE Ι
Alphabetical List of
the Public General Acts of 1973
Part Page
Administration of Justice Act (c. 15 )
... ... ... .. 115
I
Appropriation Act (c. 40)
... ... ... 1053
II
... ..
Atomic Energy Authority ( Weapons Group) Act (c. 4)
I 6...
Badgers Act (c. 57 ) ... ...
III 1725
Bahamas Independence Act (c. 27) I
... ... ... 409...
Bangladesh Act (c. 49) ... ... ...
II 1373
Breeding of Dogs Act (c. 60) III 1791... ...
Channel Tunnel (Initial Finance) Act ( c. 66 )
III 2237
Coal Industry Act (c. 8)
... ... ...
...
I 27
...
Concorde Aircraft Act (c. 7 )
... ... ... ... ... I 25
Consolidated Fund Act (c. 1)
... ... ... I 1... ...
Consolidated Fund ( No. 2) Act (c. 10 )
...
I 79
Costs in Criminal Cases Act ( c. 14 ) I
... 99...
Counter-Inflation Act (c. 9) I 39... ... ...
Dentists ( Amendment) Act ( c. 31) I
... ... 440
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act ( c. 45 ) II 1309
Education Act (c. 16 )... ... ... I 148
Education (Scotland ) Act (c. 59)
III
... ... ... 1789
Education (Work Experience) Act (c. 23)
I 287
Employment Agencies Act (c. 35)
... I 550
Employment and Training Act (c. 50)
II... 1377
Employment of Children Act ( c. 24)
I... 289
Fair Trading Act (c. 41)... ... ...
Finance Act ( c. 51)... ...
Fire Precautions (Loans) Act (c. 11)
Fuel and Electricity (Control) Act (c. 67 )
Furnished Lettings (Rent Allowances) Act ( c. 6 )
II
... 1107
II
... ... 1437
..
I 80
III
... 2240
I 17
h Alphabetical List
Gaming (Amendment) Act ( c. 12 )
...
Government Trading Funds Act (c. 63)
Guardianship Act (c. 29) ... ... ...
Part Page
I 83
III 1887
I 419
Hallmarking Act (c. 43) II 1263... ... ...
Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and Regulations ) Act
( с.44 ) II 1302
Housing ( Amendment) Act (c. 5 ) I 14
...
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act (c. 19 )
I 225
Insurance Companies (Amendment ) Act ( c. 58)
...
III 1731
International Cocoa Agreement Act ( c. 46 )
II 1333...
International Sugar Organisation Act (c. 68)
...
III 2246
Land Compensation Act (c. 26 )
... ... ...
I 299
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act (c. 56 )
II 1639...
Law Reform (Diligence) (Scotland ) Act ( c. 22)
...
I 285
Local Government (Scotland) Act (c. 65 )
...
III 1921
London Cab Act (c. 20)
I 274
Maplin Development Act (c. 64 ) Matrimonial Causes Act ( c. 18) ...
... ... ...
III 1895
I 165
National Health Service Reorganisation Act (c. 32 )
I 443
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act (c. 42)
II 1241
National Theatre and Museum of London Act (c. 2) ...
... ...
I 2
Nature Conservancy Council Act (c. 54 ) II 1611...
Northern Ireland Assembly Act (c. 17 ) I 159
... ... ...
Northern Ireland Constitution Act (c. 36 ) I 564
... ... ...
Northern Ireland Constitution ( Amendment) Act (c. 69) III 2247
..
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act (c. 53) II 1577
...
Overseas Pensions Act (c. 21) ... ... ...
I 276
Pakistan Act (c. 48 ) ... ...
Pensioners' Payments and National Insurance Act (c. 61)
Powers of Criminal Courts Act (c. 62 )
... ... ... ...
Prescription and Limitation ( Scotland) Act (c. 52)
...
Protection of Aircraft Act (c. 47 ) ... .. ... ...
Protection of Wrecks Act (c. 33) II 1363
III 1797
III 1807
II 1553
II 1335
I 545
Rate Rebate Act (c. 28) ... ... ...
I 417
Sea Fish Industry Act (c. 3)
Sea Fisheries (Shellfish ) Act (c. 30 )
... ...
Social Security Act ( c. 38)
Statute Law (Repeals) Act ( c. 39)
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland) Act ( c. 55)
Succession (Scotland ) Act ( c. 25)
Supply of Goods ( Implied Terms) Act ( c. 13)...
...
I 4
I 439
II 737
II 1025
II 1623
I 297
I 85
Ulster Defence Regiment Act ( c. 34 )
I 549
Water Act (c. 37 )
I 615
i
TABLE II
Chronological List of
the Public General Acts of 1973
Chapter Part Page
1 Consolidated Fund Act I 1
...
2 National Theatre and Museum of London Act ...
I 2
3 Sea Fish Industry Act I 4
..
... ...
4 Atomic Energy Authority ( Weapons Group) Act ...
I 6
5 Housing ( Amendment) Act I
... ... ... 14
6 Furnished Lettings (Rent Allowances) Act I 17
... ...
7 Concorde Aircraft Act ... ...
...
...
I 25
8 Coal Industry Act ... ... ... ...
I 27
9 Counter- Inflation Act ... ... ... ... ...
I 39
10 Consolidated Fund ( No. 2) Act... I 79
11 Fire Precautions (Loans) Act I 80
... ... ... ...
12 Gaming ( Amendment) Act I 83
... ... ... ...
13 Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act I 85
... ...
*14 Costs in Criminal Cases Act... I 99
..
..
15 Administration of Justice Act I 115
... ... ...
16 Education Act... ... ... I... ... ... 148
17 Northern Ireland Assembly Act I 159
...
*18 Matrimonial Causes Act I
... ... ... ... 165
*19 Independent Broadcasting Authority Act I 225
...
20 London Cab Act... ... ... ... ...
I 274
21 Overseas Pensions Act ... ... ...
I 276
22 Law Reform (Diligence) ( Scotland) Act I 285
... ...
23 Education (Work Experience ) Act I 287
... ...
24 Employment of Children Act... ... ... I 289
25 Succession ( Scotland) Act ... ... ...
I 297
26 Land Compensation Act... ... I 299
...
27 Bahamas Independence Act I
... ... ... ... 409
28 Rate Rebate Act... ... I 417
29 Guardianship Act... ... ... I
... 419
30 Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act I
... ... ... 439...
* Consolidation Act.
j Chronological List
Chapter Part Page
31 Dentists ( Amendment) Act ... ... ...
I 440
32 National Health Service Reorganisation Act I 443
... ...
33 Protection of Wrecks Act ... I 545... ... ...
34 Ulster Defence Regiment Act I 549... ... ...
35 Employment Agencies Act I 550... ... ...
36 Northern Ireland Constitution Act I 564
... ... ...
37 Water Act ... I.. ... 615...
38 Social Security Act II
... 737
39 Statute Law (Repeals) Act ...
II 1025
40 Appropriation Act II
... 1053
41 Fair Trading Act II 1107
42 National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act
...
II 1241
43 Hallmarking Act
II 1263
...
44 Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and Regula-
tions) Act II 1302... ... ..
45 Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act II 1309
...
46 International Cocoa Agreement Act ... .. 1333...
II
47 Protection of Aircraft Act ...
...
II 1335
48 Pakistan Act II
... ... 1363
... ...
49 Bangladesh Act II 1373...
50 Employment and Training Act II 1377...
51 Finance Act II 1437
...
52 Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act II 1553
... ...
53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act II 1577
...
54 Nature Conservancy Council Act ... ... 1611
II
55 Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland) Act II 1623
...
56 Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act II 1639
...
57 Badgers Act III 1725
58 Insurance Companies Amendment Act III 1731
...
59 Education (Scotland ) Act III 1789
60 Breeding of Dogs Act III 1791
61 Pensioners' Payments and National Insurance Act III 1797
*62 Powers of Criminal Courts Act III 1807
63 Government Trading Funds Act
III 1887
64 Maplin Development Act
...
III 1895
65 Local Government (Scotland) Act
... 1921
III
66 Channel Tunnel (Initial Finance) Act
III 2237
67 Fuel and Electricity (Control) Act
III 2240
68 International Sugar Organisation Act
III 2246
69 Northern Ireland Constitution ( Amendment) Act
III
2247
* Consolidation Act.
k
TABLE III
Alphabetical List of
the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
Chapter No.
Aberdeen Corporation Confirmation Act
...
British Transport Docks Act... ... ...
British Transport Docks (Hull Docks) Act... ...
... XXV
xiii
xxviii
..
City of London (Various Powers) Act... ... ...
...
XX
Clyde Port Authority (Hunterston Ore Terminal) Order Confirmation
Act ...
XXXV
...
Cromarty Firth Port Authority Order Confirmation Act
xvi
...
..
Dee and Clwyd River Authority Act...
xxix
Derby Friar Gate Chapel Act... ... ...
iv
Dundee Corporation (Brokers &c . ) Order Confirmation Act ...
xxvi
Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation Act ... ...
ii
Edinburgh Corporation ( No. 2) Order Confirmation Act... ...
xxxiv
Forward Trust Act... ... ... ...
viii
Glamorgan County Council Act... ... ... ...
i
Glasgow Corporation (Parks &c. ) Order Confirmation Act... ... xvii
Greater London Council ( General Powers) Act... ... ... XXX
Greater London Council (Money) Act... ... ... ... ... xxxiii
Hull Tidal Surge Barrier Act... ... ... ... ... ... xiv
Humber Bridge Act... ... ... ... ... iii
... ...
King's Lynn Corporation Act... ... ... ... xii
...
...
Lerwick Harbour Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ... vii
London Transport Act... ... ... ... .. xi
Mallaig Harbour Order Confirmation Act.. ... ... ... vi
Medway Ports Authority Act... ... ... ... ... xxi
Mercantile Credit Act... ... ... ... ... V
Metals Society Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... X
National Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act... ... ... xxvii
North Wales Hydro Electric Power Act... ... ... ... xxxvi
Queen Mary College Act... ...
...
... xxii
Rhondda Corporation Act... ... ... ... ... ... xxiii
Ryde Corporation Act
... ... ... ... .. xviii
Salford Corporation Act
... ... ... ... ... ... ... xxiv
Southampton Corporation Act
... ... ... .. ... ... xix
Trent River Authority Act
... ...
... ... ... xxxi
..
Tyneside Metropolitan Railway Act
... ... ... .. ... xxxii
Ullapool Pier Order Confirmation Act
... .. ... ... XV
Upper Mersey Navigation Act... ... ix
c. 57 1725
sind
nar
DIEUET
PEASE
MON DRO
Badgers Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 57
An Act to prohibit, save as permitted under this Act, the
taking, injuring or killing of badgers . [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. If, save as permitted by or under this Act, any person Taking,
wilfully kills , injures or takes, or attempts to kill, injure or take, injuring or
any badger, he shall be guilty of an offence.
killing of
badgers.
( 2) If, save as permitted by or under this Act, any person has
in his possession or under his control-
( a) a recently killed badger, or
( b) a pelt from a freshly skinned badger,
he shall, subject to subsection (3) below, be guilty of an offence.
( 3) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under subsection
( 2 ) above if the killing of the badger concerned was permitted
by or under this Act.
2. If any person shall-
(a ) cruelly ill-treat any badger,
( b ) use in the course of killing or taking, or attempting to
kill or take any badger, any badger tongs,
(c) subject to section 7( 3) of this Act, dig for any badger, or
( d ) use for the purpose of killing or taking any badger any
firearm other than a smooth bore weapon of not less
Part III A
Offences of
cruelty.
c .57
1726 Badgers Act 1973
than 20 bore or a rifle using ammunition having a
muzzle energy of not less than 160 footpounds and a
bullet weighing not less than 38 grains,
he shall be guilty of an offence.
Selling and
possession of
live badgers.
3. If, save as permitted by or under this Act, any person sells ,
offers for sale or has in his possession or under his control any
live badger he shall be guilty of an offence.
Restriction of
marking and
ringing.
4. If , save as may be authorised by licence granted under
section 9 of this Act, any person marks, or attaches any ring,
tag or other marking device to, any badger ( other than one
which is lawfully in his possession by virtue of section 8(2)(a) of
this Act or of such a licence ) he shall be guilty of an offence.
Offender
maybe
required
to quit land.
5. If any person shall be found committing an offence under
section 1 of this Act on any land, it shall be lawful for the owner
or occupier of the land, or any servant of the owner or occupier,
or any constable, to require that person forthwith to quit such
land and also to give his name and address; and if that person
on being so required wilfully remains upon the land or refuses
to give his full name or address, he shall be guilty of an offence .
Special
6.- (1 ) Where after consultation with the Natural Environ-
protection for badgers.
ment Research Council it appears to the Secretary of State
necessary for the proper conservation of badgers he may by
order declare any area specified in the order to be an area of
special protection for badgers .
( 2 ) Any order made under this section shall be made by
statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament and may
be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner.
Exceptions for
authorised
persons.
7.- (1 ) Except within an area of special protection, an
authorised person shall not be guilty of an offence under section
1(1 ) of this Act by reason of-
( a ) the killing or taking or attempted killing or taking of
any badger, or
( b ) the injuring of any badger in the course of taking it, or
attempting to take or kill it .
( 2) Within an area of special protection, an authorised person
shall not be guilty of an offence under section 1(1) of this Act
by reason of-
(a ) the killing or taking or attempted killing or taking of
any badger, or
c .57
Badgers Act 1973 1727
( b ) the injuring of any badger in the course of taking it, or
attempting to take or kill it,
if he satisfies the court before whom he is charged that his action
was necessary for the purpose of preventing serious damage to
land, crops, poultry or any other form of property or for the
purpose ofpreventing the spread ofdisease.
( 3) An authorised person shall not be guilty of an offence
under paragraph ( c ) of section 2 of this Act if he satisfies the
court before whom he is charged that his action was necessary for
the purpose of preventing serious damage to land, crops, poultry
or any other form of property or for the purpose of preventing
the spread of disease.
8.- (1 ) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under this General
Act by reason only of-
exceptions.
( a) the taking or attempted taking of any badger which had
been disabled otherwise than by his act and was taken
or to be taken solely for the purpose of tending it;
( b ) the killing or attempted killing of any badger which
appeared to be so seriously injured or in such a con-
dition that to kill it would be an act of mercy ;
( c ) the unavoidable killing or injuring of any badger as an
incidental result of a lawful action.
( 2 ) It shall not be an offence under section 3 of this Act for
any person to have a live badger in his possession or under his
control if-
( a) it has been kept in captivity by that person for a con-
tinuous period beginning before the passing of this Act,
( b ) it is in that person's possession or under his control, as
the case may be, in the course of his business as a
carrier,
(c) it has, within the preceding seven days, been taken by
that person in circumstances in which, by virtue of
section 7(1) or ( 2) of this Act, the taking of the badger
did not constitute an offence under this Act, or
(d ) it has been taken in circumstances in which, by virtue of
subsection ( 1 )( a), above, the taking of the badger did
not constitute an offence under this Act and it is necessary
for the purpose of tending it for it to remain in that
person's possession, or under his control, as the case
may be.
( 3) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under this Act
by reason only of something done in connection with an experi-
ment on a living badger if what is done does not constitute a
contravention of the Cruelty to Animals Act 1876 .
1876 с. 77.
Part III
A2
c. 57
1728 Badgers Act 1973
Licences.
Enforcement,
penalties, etc.
9.- (1 ) A licence may be granted to any person by the appro-
priate authority specified in the next subsection authorising that
person, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of
this Act, but subject to compliance with any conditions specified
in the licence, —
( a ) for scientific or educational purposes or for the con-
servation of badgers to kill or take within an area
specified in the licence by any means so specified, or to
sell, or to have in his possession, any number of badgers
so specified;
( b ) for the purpose of any zoological gardens or collection
specified in the licence to take within an area specified
in the licence by any means so specified, or to sell, or to
have in his possession any number of badgers so
specified;
( c ) for the purpose of ringing and marking to take badgers
within an area specified in the licence, to mark such
badgers or to attach to them any ring, tag or other
marking device as specified in the licence ;
( d ) for the purpose of preventing the spread of disease to
kill or take badgers within an area specified in the licence
by any means so specified.
( 2 ) The appropriate authority for the grant of a licence under
the foregoing subsection shall be-
( a) in the case of a licence under paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of
that subsection, the Natural Environment Research
Council;
( b) in the case of a licence under paragraph ( d ) of that sub-
section, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
or, in Scotland, the Secretary of State.
( 3) A licence granted under this section may be revoked at any
time by the authority by whom it was granted, and without
prejudice to any other liability to a penalty which he may have
incurred under this or any other Act, any person who contravenes
or fails to comply with any condition imposed on the grant of
a licence under this section shall be guilty of an offence.
10.-( 1 ) Where a constable has reasonable grounds for suspect-
ing that any person is committing an offence under this Act,
or has committed an offence under this Act and that evidence
of the commission of the offence is to be found on that person
or any vehicle or article he may have with him, the constable may-
( a ) without warrant stop and search that person and search
any vehicle or article he may have with him ;
c. 57
Badgers Act 1973 1729
( b) without warrant arrest that person if he fails to give his
full name and address to the constable's satisfaction ;
and
( c ) seize and detain for the purposes of proceedings under
this Act any badger whether alive or dead, or any
weapon or article capable of being used to kill or take
badgers, which may be in that person's possession .
( 2 ) Any person guilty of an offence-
( a) under section 5 of this Act shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 20,
( b ) under any other section of this Act shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 :
Provided that where the offence was committed in respect of
more than one badger, the maximum fine which may be imposed
under paragraph ( b ) of this subsection shall be determined as if
the person convicted has been convicted of a separate offence in
respect of each badger.
( 3) The court before whom any person is convicted of an
offence under this Act shall order the forfeiture of any badger
or skin thereof in respect of which the offence was committed
and may, if they think fit, order the forfeiture of any weapon
or article in respect of or by means of which the offence was
committed.
11. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the Interpretation.
following expressions have the following meaning-
" ammunition " has the same meaning as in the Firearms 1968 c. 27.
Act 1968;
66 area of special protection " means an area specified, in an
order made under section 6 of this Act, to be an area
of special protection for badgers ;
" authorised person " means-
( a ) the owner or occupier, or any servant of the
owner or occupier, shown to have been authorised by
the owner or occupier, of any land on which the
action authorised is taken;
( b) any person authorised in writing by the owner
or occupier of any land on which the action authorised
is taken;
( c ) any person authorised in writing by the local
authority for the area within which the action
authorised is taken ;
( d ) any person authorised in writing by the Natural
Environment Research Council or by the Minister of
Part III
A3
c. 57
1730 Badgers Act 1973
1968 с. 27.
Short title,
extent and
commence-
ment.
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food or, in Scotland, the
Secretary of State ;
so, however, that the authorisation of any person for
the purpose of this definition shall not confer any right
of entry upon any land;
66
badger " means any animal of the species Meles meles;
" firearm " has the same meaning as in the Firearms Act
1968;
" local authority " means-
( a) as respects England and Wales up to and
including 31st March 1974, the council of a county
borough, a London borough or a county district or
the Common Council of the City of London ;
( b) as respects England and Wales on and after
1st April 1974, the council of a district or a London
borough or the Common Council of the City of
London; and
( c ) as respects Scotland, the council of a county or
aburgh.
12.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Badgers Act 1973.
( 2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
( 3) This Act shall come into force at the expiry of six months
beginning with the date of its passing.
c. 58 1731
HONIS
DIEU
PENSE
DROIT
Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 58
An Act to amend the law relating to insurance companies
andthe carrying on of insurance business; and to validate
certain group policies. [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Authorisation of insurance companies
1.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order amend section 62 Margin of
of the Companies Act 1967 (hereafter referred to as " the Act of solvency and
1967 ") by substituting an amount specified in or to be deter- minimum paid up share
mined in accordance with the order for any amount specified in capital
or to be determined in accordance with subsections ( 1 ) to ( 4) of required for
that section ( margin of solvency and minimum paid up share authorisation.
capital required for authorisation of insurance company) whether 1967 c. 81 .
as in force at the passing of this Act or as amended by a previous
order under this subsection.
( 2) The power to make orders under subsection ( 1) above
includes power to vary or revoke a previous order, and an order
under that subsection may make different provision in relation
to different cases or circumstances .
(3) For the purposes of the said section 62 the value of any
assets and the amount of any liabilities shall, subject to sub-
section (4) below, be determined in accordance with any applic-
able regulations made under section 32 below (hereafter referred
to as " valuation regulations ") .
Part III A4
1732 c .58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 4 ) For the purposes of the said section 62 the amount of the
liabilities at any time of any long term business carried onby the
company, society or body in question shall be taken to be-
( a ) an amount equal to the total amount at that time
standing to the credit of the fund or funds maintained
by the company, society or body in respect of its long
term business ; or
( b ) the amount of those liabilities at that time as determined
in accordance with any applicable valuation regula-
tions,
whichever is the greater.
No authorisa-
2. ( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall not issue under section 61
tion for
of the Act of 1967 an authorisation with respect to an incorpora-
insurance
ted company if it appears to him that any director, controller or
company
under control manager of the company is not a fit and proper person to be
etc. ofunfit
a director, controller or manager of the company, as the case
persons.
may be.
( 2) In this section " controller ", in relation to a company,
means
( a ) a managing director of the company or of a body
corporate of which it is a subsidiary ;
(b) a chief executive of the company or of a body corporate,
being an insurance company, of which it is a
subsidiary ;
( c ) a person
(i ) in accordance with whose directions or instruc-
tions the directors of the company or of a body
corporate of which it is a subsidiary (or any of them)
are accustomed to act ; or
(ii) who, either alone or with any associate or
associates, is entitled to exercise, or control the
exercise of, one third or more of the voting power
at any general meeting of the company or of a body
corporate of which it is a subsidiary.
(3) In this section " manager " , in relation to a company,
means a person ( other than a chief executive) employed by the
company who, under the immediate authority of a director or
chief executive of the company-
(a) exercises managerial functions ; or
( b) is responsible for maintaining accounts or other records
of the company,
not being a person whose functions relate exclusively to business
conducted from a place of business outside Great Britain.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1733
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (6 ) below, in this section " chief
executive " , in relation to a company or a body corporate of
which it is a subsidiary, means a person employed by the
company or body who, either alone or jointly with one or more
other persons, is responsible under the immediate authority of
the directors for the conduct of the whole of the insurance
business of that company or body.
( 5) In this section " associate ", in relation to any person,
means
( a) the wife or husband or minor son or daughter of that
person ;
( b) any company of which that person is a director ;
( c) any person who is an employee or partner of that
person ;
(d ) if that person is a company-
(i) any director of that company ;
(ii) any subsidiary of that company ;
(iii ) any director or employee of any such
subsidiary ;
66
ود
and for the purposes of this subsection son includes step-
66
son and adopted son, daughter " includes step- daughter and
adopted daughter and " minor ", in relation to Scotland, includes
pupil.
(6) In relation to a company incorporated outside Great
Britain-
( a) the reference in paragraph (a ) of subsection (2) above
to a managing director of the company includes a
reference to a person who is a managing director of
that company in respect of so much of its insurance
business as is carried on within Great Britain; and
(b) the reference in paragraph (b) of that subsection to a
chief executive of the company includes a reference to
a person employed by the company who, either alone
or jointly with one or more other persons, is responsible
( whether or not under the immediate authority of the
directors) for the conduct of the whole of the insurance
business carried on by the company within Great
Britain but, if he is responsible also for the conduct of
insurance business carried on by it elsewhere, only if
there is no other person subordinate to him who is
responsible for the conduct of the whole of the insur-
ance business carried on by it within Great Britain .
( 7 ) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect
in relation to a registered society or unincorporated body as
they have effect in relation to an incorporated company.
1734 c. 58 Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Accounts and statements
Periodic
3.-(1) In subsection (1) of section 5 of the Insurance Com-
actuarial
panies Act 1958 (hereafter referred to as " the Act of 1958 ")
investigation ofcompany
references to an investigation into the financial condition of
with long term a company and to a valuation of its liabilities shall be construed
business.
as references to an investigation into its financial condition, and
1958 с. 72.
to a valuation of its liabilities, in respect of its long term
business only ; and in subsection (2) of that section the reference
to a statement of a company's insurance business shall be
construed as a reference to a statement of its long term business
only.
( 2) The contents of any abstract or statement to be made
under the said section 5 shall be such as may be prescribed.
( 3) For the purposes of any investigation to which the said
section 5 applies the value of any assets and the amount of any
liabilities shall be determined in accordance with any applicable
valuation regulations.
( 4) Any such investigation shall be made by the person who
for the time being is the company's actuary under subsection (5)
below.
(5) Every insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies
which carries on long term business shall-
( a) if it is carrying on such business at the passing of this
Act, within one month of the passing of this Act, and
( b) if it subsequently begins to carry on such business, with-
in one month of its beginning to do so,
appoint an actuary as actuary to the company ; and whenever
an appointment under this subsection comes to an end the
company shall as soon as practicable make a fresh
appointment.
( 6) A company making an appointment under subsection (5)
above shall within fourteen days serve on the Secretary of State
a written notice stating that fact and the name and qualifica-
tions of the person appointed ; and if an appointment under
that subsection comes to an end the company shall within
fourteen days serve on the Secretary of State a written notice
stating that fact and the name of the person concerned.
Deposit of
4. (1 ) The documents to which subsection (1 ) of section
documents
8 of the Act of 1958 applies ( documents required to be deposited
with Secretary with the Secretary of State) shall include any report of the auditor
ofState. of the company made in pursuance of section 9 of the Act of
1958 but one of the copies of any such report deposited under
that subsection shall be signed by the auditor and not by the
persons mentioned in that subsection .
(2) The documents to which the said subsection (1) applies
shall also include a statement of the names and connection with
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58 1735
the company of any persons who, during the period to which
the other documents deposited under that subsection relate-
( a ) were authorised by the company to issue, or to the
knowledge of the company have issued, any such invita-
tion in relation to the company as is mentioned in
subsection ( 1) (a) of section 43 below ; and
( b) were connected with the company as provided by
regulations under that section ;
and any such statement shall be deposited at the same time
as the other documents required to be deposited under the said
subsection ( 1 ) .
( 3) The number of copies of any document required to be
deposited under the said subsection ( 1) shall be five instead of
four.
( 4) The persons by whom one copy of any such document
except an auditor's report is required to be signed shall cease
to include a manager of the company but-
( a ) shall include a chief executive, if any, of the company ;
( b) in the case of an abstract or statement under section 5
of the Act of 1958 shall include the actuary who made
the investigation to which the abstract relates or by
reference to which the statement was prepared ;
and where any such copy is signed by a chief executive of the
company it need not also be signed by the secretary.
(5) Subsection ( 4) of the said section 8 (which relieves a
company from complying with section 127 of the Companies 1948 c. 38.
Act 1948 if it complies with certain other requirements) shall
cease to have effect.
(6) The documents mentioned in subsection (6) of the said
section 8 (printed copies of certain documents to be made avail-
able by a company to its shareholders and policy holders) shall
include any such report or statement as is mentioned in sub-
section ( 1 ) or (2) above and the said subsection (6) shall apply
also to-
( a) a copy of any document supplied to the Secretary of
State under subsection (2) of that section which relates
to any of the documents last deposited under subsection
( 1 ) of that section ;
(b) a copy of any report deposited with any of those docu-
ments under subsection ( 3) of that section.
5.- ( 1 ) Every insurance company to which the Act of 1958 Periodic
applies which carries on business of a class or description pre- statements
scribed for the purposes of this section shall prepare, at such by company
intervals and for such periods as may be prescribed, a statement class of
with prescribed
of its business of that class or description.
business.
1736 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 2) The form and contents of any statement under this section
shall be such as may be prescribed.
( 3) Regulations may, as respects such matters contained in a
statement under this section as may be prescribed, require there
to be given by such persons as may be prescribed and to be
annexed to the statement certificates of such matters and in such
form as may be prescribed.
( 4 ) Five copies of any statement made under this section (with
any certificate annexed thereto in pursuance of subsection ( 3)
above ) shall be deposited by the company with the Secretary of
State within such period as may be prescribed, and one of those
copies shall be a copy signed by the persons required to sign
copies of statements under section 7 of the Act of 1958 which
are deposited under section 8 of that Act.
( 5) The whole or any part of any document deposited under
subsection ( 4) above may be deposited by the Secretary of State
with the registrar of companies and may be published by the
Secretary of State in such ways as he thinks appropriate.
Statements of
transactions
ofprescribed class or
description.
6.- (1) Classes or descriptions of agreements or arrangements
appearing to the Secretary of State as likely to be undesirable in
the interests of policy holders may be prescribed for the purposes
of this section ; and every insurance company to which the Act
of 1958 applies or subordinate company within the mean-
ing of section 10 below of any such company which enters into
an agreement or arrangement of a class or description so pre-
scribed shall, within such period as may be prescribed, furnish
the Secretary of State with a statement containing such particulars
of that agreement or arrangement as may be prescribed.
(2) Different classes or descriptions of agreements or arrange-
ments may be prescribed for the purposes of this section in
relation to companies of different classes or descriptions .
( 3) The whole or any part of any statement furnished to
the Secretary of State under this section may be deposited
by him with the registrar of companies and may be published by
the Secretary of State in such ways as he thinks appropriate .
Assets and liabilities attributable to long term business
Separation of assets and
7.-( 1 ) Where an insurance company to which the Act of 1958
applies carries on long term business of either or both classes-
liabilities
attributable
( a) the company shall maintain an account in respect of
to long term business.
that class or, as the case may be, each of those classes
of long term business ; and
( b) the receipts of that class or, as the case may be, of
each of those classes of business shall be entered in
the account maintained for that class and shall be
carried to and form a separate insurance fund with
an appropriate name.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c . 58 1737
( 2 ) An insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies
which carries on long term business of either or both classes
shall maintain such books of account and other records as are
necessary for identifying-
( a) the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by
the company under subsection ( 1)(b) above (but without
necessarily distinguishing between the funds if more
than one) ; and
( b) the liabilities attributable to that class or, as the case
may be, each of those classes of long term business.
( 3) An insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies
which is carrying on long term business at the passing of this
Act-
(a ) shall in accordance with regulations made for the
purposes of this paragraph make arrangements, during
the financial year of the company beginning next
after the date on which the regulations are made, for
identifying the assets and liabilities of the company
as on the last day of that financial year which are
attributable to its long term business ; and
( b) shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection
( 2) above until the day after the end of that financial
year.
( 4) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (3) (a)
above may make provision for requiring companies to furnish the
Secretary of State with certificates of such matters relating to the
making of the arrangements, signed by such persons, as may be
prescribed.
8.-( 1) Subject to subsections ( 2) and ( 3) and to section 30( 3) Application
below, the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by of assets of
an insurance company in respect of its long term business shall company with
be applicable only for the purposes of that business.
long term
business.( 2) Where the value of the assets mentioned in subsection
( 1) above is shown, by an investigation to which section 5 of
the Act of 1958 applies or made in pursuance of a requirement
imposed under section 18 below, to exceed the amount of the
liabilities attributable to the company's long term business the
restriction imposed by that subsection shall not apply to so much
of those assets as represents the excess .
( 3) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall preclude an insur-
ance company from exchanging, at fair market value, assets
representing a fund maintained by the company in respect of its
long term business for other assets of the company.
( 4 ) Any mortgage or charge (including a charge imposed by
a court on the application of a judgment creditor and, in Scot-
land, a charge imposed by way of diligence) shall be void to
the extent to which it contravenes subsection ( 1) above.
1738 Allocations
to policy
holders.
c.58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that
money from a fund maintained by a company in respect of
its long term business may not be used for the puposes of any
other business of the company notwithstanding any arrange-
ment for its subsequent repayment out of the receipts of that
other business .
(6) No insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies ,
and no company of which any such insurance company is a
subsidiary, shall declare a dividend at any time when the value
of the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by the
insurance company in respect of its long term business, as deter-
mined in accordance with any applicable valuation regulations, is
less than the amount of the liabilities attributable to that busi-
ness as so determined.
9.- ( 1) Where in the case of an insurance company to which
the Act of 1958 applies-
( a) there is an established surplus in which long term
policy holders of any class are eligible to participate ;
and
( b) an amount has been allocated to policy holders of
that class in respect of the last preceding established
surplus in which policy holders of that class were
eligible to participate,
the company shall not apply assets representing any part of
the surplus mentioned in paragraph (a ) above for purposes
other than those mentioned in section 8(1) above unless the
company has allocated to policy holders of that class in respect
of that surplus either an amount not less than the relevant
minimum or, if the requirements of subsection (3) below have
been complied with, the smaller amount specified in the notice
served under paragraph (a) of that subsection.
( 2) Subject to subsections (6) and (7) below, the relevant
minimum is an amount calculated by-
(a) taking an amount which bears to the surplus mentioned
in paragraph (a ) of subsection (1) above the same
proportion as the amount mentioned in paragraph (b)
of that subsection bears to the surplus mentioned in
that paragraph ; and
( b) deducting an amount equal to one half of 1 per cent.
of the amount of the surplus mentioned in the said
paragraph (a) .
( 3) The requirements of this subsection are that the
company-
( a) has served on the Secretary of State a written notice
stating that it proposes to make an allocation of an
amount ( specifying it ) which is smaller than the relevant
minimum ; and
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
1739
( b) has published a statement approved by the Secretary of
State in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes and in
such other ways as he may have directed,
and that a period of not less than fifty-six days has elapsed since
the date, or the last date, on which the company has published
the statement mentioned in paragraph (b) above as required by
or under that paragraph.
( 4 ) In this section " established surplus " means an excess
of assets representing the whole or a particular part of the fund
or funds maintained by the company in respect of its long term
business over the liabilities, or a particular part of the liabilities ,
of the company attributable to that business as shown by an
investigation to which section 5 of the Act of 1958 applies or
made in pursuance of a requirement imposed under section 18
below.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this section an amount is allocated
to policy holders if, and only if-
( a) bonus payments are made to them ; or
( b) reversionary bonuses are declared in their favour or a
reduction is made in the premiums payable by them ;
and the amount of the allocation is, in a case within paragraph
( a) above, the amount of the payments and, in a case within
paragraph (b) above, the amount of the liabilities assumed by
the company in consequence of the declaration or reduction .
(6) For the purposes of this section the amount of any
bonus payments made in anticipation of an established surplus
shall be treated as an amount allocated in respect of that
surplus ; and for the purposes of subsection ( 2) above the
amount of any surplus shall be treated as increased by the
amount of any such payments made in anticipation of it.
( 7) Subsection (1) above shall not authorise the application
for purposes other than those mentioned in section 8( 1 )
above of assets representing any part of the surplus mentioned
in subsection (1 )(a ) above which the company has decided to
carry forward unappropriated ; and for the purposes of sub-
section ( 2) above the amount of any surplus shall shall be be treated
as reduced by any part thereof which the company has decided
to carry forward as aforesaid.
10.-( 1) Neither an insurance company to which the Act of Restriction on
1958 applies which carries on long term business nor a sub- transactions with
ordinate company of any such insurance company shall enter connected
into a transaction to which this section applies-
persons.(a) at a time when the aggregate of the value of the assets
and the amount of the liabilities attributable to such
transactions already entered into by the insurance com-
1740 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
pany and its subordinate companies exceeds the pre-
scribed percentage of the total amount standing to the
credit of the insurance company's long term funds ;
or
(b) at any other time when the aggregate of the value of
those assets and the amount of those liabilities would
exceed that percentage if the transaction were entered
into.
(2) This section applies to any transaction entered into by any
such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
( whether or not itself a subordinate company of another com-
pany), being a transaction under which-
( a ) a person connected with the insurance company will
owe it money ; or
( b) the insurance company acquires shares in a company
which is a person connected with it ; or
( c ) the insurance company undertakes a liability to meet
an obligation of a person connected with it or to help
such a person to meet an obligation,
if the right to receive the money would constitute a long term
asset of the insurance company, the acquisition is made out of its
long term funds or the liability would fall to be discharged out
of those funds, as the case may be.
(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, this section
applies to any transaction entered into by a subordinate com-
pany of any such insurance company as is mentioned in sub-
section ( 1) above, being a transaction under which-
( a) the insurance company or a person connected with it
will owe money to the subordinate company (not
being money owed by the insurance company which
can be properly paid out of its long term funds) ; or
(b) the subordinate company acquires shares in the insur-
ance company or in a company which is a person
connected with the insurance company ; or
(c) the subordinate company undertakes a liability to meet
an obligation of the insurance company or of a person
connected with that company or to help the insurance
company or such a person to meet an obligation ;
but where the subordinate company is itself such an insurance
company as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above this section
shall not by virtue of this subsection apply to any such trans-
action if the right to receive the money would constitute a long
term asset of the subordinate company, the acquisition is made
out of its long term funds or the liability would fall to be
discharged out of those funds, as the case may be.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1741
( 4) In this section " subordinate company " , in relation to any
such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above ,
means
( a ) a company having equity share capital some or all of
which is held by the insurance company as part of
its long term assets where the share capital so held
by the insurance company-
(i ) amounts to more than half in nominal value
of that share capital ; and
(ii) confers on the insurance company the power
to appoint or remove the holders of all or a majority
of the directorships of the company whose share
capital is held and more than one half of the voting
power at any general meeting of that company ;
( b) a company having equity share capital some or all of
which is held by another company which is itself a
subordinate company of the insurance company where
the share capital held by that other company-
( i ) amounts to more than half in nominal value of
that share capital ; and
(ii) confers on that other company the power to
appoint or remove the holders of all or a majority
of the directorships of the company whose share
capital is held and more than one half of the voting
power at any general meeting of that company ;
and for the purposes of this subsection share capital held for
any person by a nominee shall (except where that person is
concerned only in a fiduciary capacity) be treated as held by that
person, and share capital held by a person in a fiduciary capacity
or by way of security shall be treated as not held by that person .
( 5) For the purposes of this section a person is connected
with any such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection
( 1) above if that person is not a subordinate company of the
insurance company but-
( a) controls, or is a partner of a person who controls, the
insurance company ; or
( b) being a company, is controlled by the insurance com-
pany or by another person who also controls the
insurance company ; or
(c) is a director of the insurance company or the wife or
husband or a minor son or daughter of such a director ;
and for the purposes of this subsection a person controls a
company if he is a controller of it within the meaning of section
2(2) ( c) above.
(6) For the purposes of this section the value of any assets
and the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in accord-
ance with any applicable valuation regulations.
1742 c.58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
1948 с. 38.
( 7 ) In this section-
" company " (except in the expression " insurance com-
pany " ) and " equity share capital " have the meaning
given in section 154( 5) of the Companies Act 1948 ;
liability " includes a contingent liability ;66
66 long term assets " and " long term funds ", in relation
to an insurance company, mean respectively assets
representing the fund or funds maintained by the com-
pany in respect of its long term business and that fund
or those funds ;
" the prescribed percentage " means 5 per cent. or such
greater percentage as may from time to time be pre-
scribed for the purposes of this section by regulations ;
" share " has the same meaning as in the Companies Act
; 1948
66
ود
son includes step-son and adopted son, daughter
" 66
includes step- daughter and adopted daughter, and
" minor " , in relation to Scotland, includes pupil.
(8) This section shall not be construed as making any trans-
action unenforceable as between the parties thereto or as other-
wise making unenforceable any rights or liabilities in respect of
property .
Liabilities of unlimited amount
Avoidance of
contracts for
unlimited
amounts.
11. A contract entered into after the coming into force of this
section by an insurance company to which the Act of 1958
applies shall be void if-
(a ) that the Secretary of State considers the exercise of the
liability the amount, or maximum amount, of which
is uncertain at the time when the contract is entered
into ; and
( b) it is not a contract of insurance or a contract of a
class or description exempted by regulations from the
operation of this section.
Powers of intervention
Grounds
12.-( 1 ) Any power conferred on the Secretary of State by
onwhich
sections 13 to 21 below shall be exercisable in relation to any
powers are exercisable.
insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies and shall
be exercisable on any of the following grounds-
( a ) that the Secretary of State considers the exercise of the
power to be desirable for protecting policy holders
or potential policy holders of the company against
the risk that the company may be unable to meet its
liabilities or, in the case of long term business, to
fulfil the reasonable expectations of policy holders or
potential policy holders ;
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c . 58
1743
( b) that it appears to him-
( i) that the company has failed to satisfy an
obligation to which it is subject by virtue of the Act
of 1958, Part II of the Act of 1967 or this Act;
or
( ii ) that a company of which it is a subsidiary
has failed to satisfy an obligation to which it is sub-
ject by virtue of section 8 (6) above ; or
(iii) that a subordinate company within the mean-
ing of section 10 above of the company has failed
to satisfy an obligation to which it is subject by
virtue of that section or section 6 above ;
( c ) that it appears to him that the company has furnished
misleading or inaccurate information to the Secretary
of State under or for the purposes of any provision
of the Act of 1958, Part II of the Act of 1967 or
this Act ;
( d ) that he is not satisfied that adequate arrangements are
in force or will be made for the reinsurance of risks
against which persons are insured by the company in
the course of carrying on business, being risks of a class
in the case of which he considers that such arrange-
ments are required ;
(e) that there exists a ground on which he would be pro-
hibited, by section 2 above, from issuing an authorisa-
tion with respect to the company if it were applied
for .
( 2) Any power mentioned in subsection ( 1) above shall also
be exercisable in relation to any such company as is there
mentioned-
(a) if it is carrying on general business, on the ground that
the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the company
is not to be deemed ( by virtue of section 13( 1) of the
Act of 1958) for the purposes of section 222 or 399 of
the Companies Act 1948 to be unable to pay its debts ; 1948 с. 38 .
( b) if it is carrying on long term business, on the ground
that he is not satisfied that the value of the assets
representing the fund or funds maintained in respect
of its long term business exceeds the amount of the
liabilities of its long term business ;
and for the purposes of paragraph (b) above the value of any
assets and the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in
accordance with any applicable valuation regulations.
( 3) The power conferred on the Secretary of State by subsec-
tions ( 2) to ( 4) of section 20 below shall also be exercisable on
the ground that he considers the exercise of that power to be
desirable in the general interests of persons who are or may
1744 c.58 Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Restrictions on
new business .
become policy holders of insurance companies to which the Act
of 1958 applies, and references in those subsections to a company
include references to any body ( whether incorporated or not )
which appears to the Secretary of State to be an insurance
company to which that Act applies .
( 4 ) Any power conferred on the Secretary of State by sections
13 to 18, 20( 1 ) or 21 below shall also be exercisable, whether or
not any of the grounds specified in subsections ( 1) to ( 3) above
exists, in relation to-
( a) any company, society or body with respect to which the
Secretary of State has issued an authorisation under
section 61 of the Act of 1967 ;
( b) any insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies
in the case of which a person has become a controller
within the meaning of section 2(2) (c) above,
if that power is exercised before the expiration of the period of
five years beginning with the date on which the authorisation was
issued or that person became such a controller, as the case may
be ; but no requirement imposed by virtue of this subsection
shall continue in force after the expiration of the period of ten
years beginning with that date.
(5) The power conferred on the Secretary of State by section
21 below shall not be exercisable except in a case in which
he considers that the purpose mentioned in that section cannot
be appropriately achieved by the exercise of the powers conferred
by sections 13 to 20 below or by the exercise of those powers
alone.
(6) The Secretary of State shall, when exercising any power
conferred by sections 13 to 21 below, state the ground on which
he is exercising it or, if he is exercising it by virtue of sub-
section (4) above, that he is so exercising it ; but this subsection
shall not apply where the Secretary of State has given notice
under section 22 or 23 below of the proposed exercise of the
power.
( 7) The grounds specified in subsections ( 1) (b) to (e) , (2) and
( 3) above are without prejudice to the ground specified in sub-
section ( 1) (a) above.
13.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company-
(a ) not to effect any contracts of insurance or contracts of
insurance of a specified description ;
( b) not to vary any contracts of insurance of a specified
description, being contracts effected in the course of
carrying on general business and in force when the
requirement is imposed ;
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58 1745
( c) not to vary in such a manner as to increase the liabilities
of the company any contracts of insurance of a speci-
fied description, being contracts effected in the course
of carrying on long term business and in force when
the requirement is imposed.
( 2 ) A requirement under this section may apply to contracts
of insurance whether or not the effecting of them falls within
a class of insurance business which the company is for the time
being authorised to carry on.
14.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company-
Requirements
( a ) not to make investments of a specified class or about
description ;
investments.
(b) to realise, before the expiration of a specified period
( or such longer period as the Secretary of State may
allow), the whole or a specified proportion of invest-
ments of a specified class or description held by the
company when the requirement is imposed.
( 2) A requirement under this section may be framed so as
to apply only to investments which are ( or, if made, would be)
assets representing a fund or funds maintained by the company
in respect of its long term business or so as to apply only to
other investments.
15.-( 1) The Secretary of State may require that assets of a Maintenance
company of a value which at any time is equal to the whole or
of assets in
the United
a specified proportion of the amount of its domestic liabilities Kingdom.
shall be maintained in the United Kingdom.
(2) The Secretary of State may direct that for the purposes
of any requirement under this section assets of a specified class
or description shall or shall not be treated as assets maintained
in the United Kingdom .
( 3) The Secretary of State may direct that for the purposes
of any requirement under this section the domestic liabilities
of a company, or such liabilities of any class or description, shall
be taken to be the net liabilities after deducting any part of
them which is reinsured.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section the value of any assets
and the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in accord-
ance with any applicable valuation regulations.
(5) A requirement imposed under this section may be framed
so as to come into effect immediately after the day on which
it is imposed or so as to come into effect after the expiration
of a specified period (or such longer period as the Secretary of
State may allow) .
1746 c.58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Custody
of assets.
Limitation
ofpremium
income.
( 6 ) In this section any reference to a domestic liability is a
reference to a liability arising under a contract made in the
United Kingdom, or under a contract of insurance made else-
where, being a contract of insurance in whose case, if only one
premium is payable thereunder, that premium, or, if more than
one premium is payable thereunder, any of those premiums, is
payable or has been paid in the United Kingdom.
(7) Subject to section 32( 3) below, in computing the amount
of any liabilities for the purposes of this section all contingent
and prospective liabilities shall be taken into account but not
liabilities in respect of share capital.
16.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, in the case of a company
on which a requirement has been imposed under section 15
above, impose an additional requirement that the whole or a
specified proportion of the assets to which the requirement under
that section applies shall be held by a person approved by him
for the purposes of the requirement under this section as trustee
for the company.
( 2) Section 15(5) above shall apply also to a requirement
under this section.
( 3) Assets of a company held by a person as trustee for a
company shall be taken to be held by him in compliance with a
requirement imposed under this section if , and only if , they are
assets in whose case the company has given him written notice
that they are to be held by him in compliance with such a
requirement or they are assets into which assets in whose case
the company has given him such written notice have, by any
transaction or series of transactions, been transposed by him
on the instructions of the company.
( 4) No assets held by a person as trustee for a company in
compliance with a requirement imposed under this section shall,
so long as the requirement is in force, be released except with
the consent of the Secretary of State.
( 5 ) If a mortgage or charge is created by a company at a
time when there is in force a requirement imposed on the com-
pany by virtue of this section, being a mortgage or charge
conferring a security on any assets which are held by a person
as trustee for the company in compliance with the requirement,
the mortgage or charge shall, to the extent that it confers such
a security, be void against the liquidator and any creditor of
the company.
17.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company to
take all such steps as are requisite to secure that the aggregate
of the premiums-
(a) to be received by the company in consideration of the
undertaking by it during a specified period of liabilities
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c . 58 1747
in the course of carrying on general business or any
specified part of such business ; or
( b) to be received by it in a specified period in considera-
tion of the undertaking by the company during that
period of liabilities in the course of carrying on long
term business or any specified part of such business,
shall not exceed a specified amount.
( 2 ) A requirement under this section may apply either to the
aggregate premiums to be received as mentioned in subsection
( 1) above or to the aggregate of those premiums after deducting
any premiums payable by the company for reinsuring the
liabilities in consideration of which the first -mentioned premiums
are receivable.
18.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company which Actuarial
carries on long term business-
investigations.
( a ) to cause the person who for the time being is its actuary
under section 3(5) above to make an investigation into
its financial condition (including a valuation of its
liabilities) in respect of that business, or any specified
part of that business, as at a specified date ;
( b) to cause an abstract of that person's report of the
investigation to be made ; and
( c) to prepare a statement of its long term business or of
that part thereof as at that date.
( 2 ) For the purposes of any investigation made in pursuance
of a requirement under this section the value of any assets and
the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in accordance
with any applicable valuation regulations.
( 3) The form and contents of any abstract or statement made
in pursuance of a requirement under this section shall be the
for
same as for an abstract or statement made under section 5 of
the Act of 1958 .
( 4) Five copies of any abstract or statement made in pursuance
of a requirement under this section shall be deposited by the
company with the Secretary of State on or before such date as
he may specify, and one of those copies shall be a copy signed
by the persons required to sign copies of abstracts or statements
made under the said section 5 which are deposited under section
8 of the Act of 1958 .
19.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require any documents Acceleration
which under section 8 of the Act of 1958 are required to be of information
deposited with him by a company within the period specified required by
in that section to be deposited with him on or before aspecified accounting
provisions.date before the end of that period, being a date not earlier than
three months before the end of that period and not earlier than
one month after the date on which the requirement is imposed.
1748 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 2) The Secretary of State may require any statement which
under section 5 above is required to be deposited with him by a
company within a period prescribed under that section to be
deposited with him on or before a specified date before the
end of that period.
Power to
20.-( 1) The Secretary of State may require a company to
obtain
furnish him, at specified times or intervals, with information
information
and require
about specified matters being, if he so requires, information
production of verified in a specified manner.
documents.
(2) The Secretary of State may-
( a ) require a company to produce, at such time and place
as he may specify, such books or papers as he may
specify ; or
( b) authorise any person, on producing ( if required so to
do) evidence of his authority, to require a company to
produce to him forthwith any books or papers which
that person may specify.
( 3) Where by virtue of subsection (2) above the Secretary
of State or a person authorised by him has power to require
the production of any books or papers from any company,
the Secretary of State or that person shall have the like power
to require production of those books or papers from any
person who appears to him to be in possession of them ; but
where any person from whom such production is required
claims a lien on books or papers produced by him, the production
shall be without prejudice to the lien .
( 4 ) Any power conferred by or by virtue of subsections (2) and
( 3) above to require a company or other person to produce
books or papers shall include power-
( a) if the books or papers are produced-
(i) to take copies of them or extracts from them ;
and
(ii) to require that person, or any other person
who is a present or past director, controller or
auditor of, or is or was at any time employed by,
the company in question, to provide an explanation
of any of them ;
(b) if the books or papers are not produced, to require the
person who was required to produce them to state, to
the best of his knowledge and belief, where they are.
(5) A statement made by a person in compliance with a
requirement imposed by virtue of this section may be used in
evidence against him .
(6 ) References in this section to books and papers shall be
1948 с 38.
construed as if they were contained in the Companies Act 1948 .
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58 1749
21. The Secretary of State may require a company to take Residual
such action as appears to him to be appropriate for the purpose power to
of protecting policy holders or potential policy holders of the impose
company against the risk that the company may be unable to requirements
for protection
meet its liabilities or, in the case of long term business, to fulfil ofpolicy
the reasonable expectations of policy holders or potential policy holders.
holders.
22.- ( 1) Before exercising with respect to a company the Notice of
power conferred by section 13 above the Secretary of State proposed
shall serve on the company a written notice stating- exercise of
power under
(a) that the Secretary of State is considering exercising s. 13 .
that power and the ground on which he is considering
the exercise of the power ; and
( b) that the company may, within the period of one month
from the date of service of the notice, make written
representations to the Secretary of State and, if the
company so requests, oral representations to an officer
of the Department of Trade and Industry appointed
for the purpose by the Secretary of State.
(2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply if the ground on
which the Secretary of State proposes to exercise the power is
that specified in section 12(1 )(e) above unless the person whose
fitness is in question is a controller of the company ; and, if
that person is a controller of the company, the Secretary of State,
before exercising the power, shall also serve a written notice
on that person containing the matters mentioned in subsection
(1) above, taking references to the company as references to that
person.
( 3) A notice under this section shall give particulars of the
ground on which the Secretary of State is considering the
exercise of the power except that no particulars need be given
if the ground is that mentioned in section 12(2) above.
( 4) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before exercising the power.
( 5) Any notice to be served on any person under this section
may be served by post, and a letter containing the notice shall
be deemed to be properly addressed if it is addressed to that
person at his last known residence or last known place of
business in Great Britain.
( 6) This section shall not apply in relation to the exercise
of the power conferred by section 13 above where, by virtue of
subsection (4) of section 12 above, it is exercised by the Secretary
of State when issuing an authorisation ; and in relation to any
other exercise of that power by virtue of that subsection this
section shall have effect as if subsection ( 1)(a) required the notice
1750 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
to state that the Secretary of State is considering exercising the
power by virtue of the said subsection (4) and as if subsections
( 2 ) and (3) were omitted.
Notice of
23.-( 1 ) Before exercising with respect to a company any
proposed
exercise of
power or powers conferred by sections 13 to 21 above on the
powers on
ground specified in section 12(1)(e) above where the person
ground of unfitness of
whose fitness is in question is a director, not being a controller,
of the company or a manager of the company, the Secretary of
director or
State shall serve on that person a written notice stating-
manager.
( a) that the Secretary of State is considering exercising a
power or powers conferred by those sections and the
ground on which he is considering the exercise of the
power or powers ; and
( b) that the person on whom the notice is served may,
within the period of one month from the date of
service of the notice, make written representations to
the Secretary of State and, if that person so requests,
oral representations to an officer of the Department of
Trade and Industry appointed for the purpose by the
Secretary of State.
( 2 ) Unless the Secretary of State, after considering any repre-
sentations made in accordance with subsection ( 1 ) above by the
person served with a notice under that subsection, decides not to
exercise the power or powers in relation to which the notice
was served, he shall before exercising the power or powers serve
on the company a written notice-
( a ) containing the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a)
and ( b) of that subsection, taking references to the
person there mentioned as references to the company ;
and
(b) specifying the power or powers which he proposes to
exercise and, if the power or one of them is that
conferred by section 21 above specifying the manner
of its proposed exercise.
( 3) A notice under this section shall give particulars of the
ground on which the Secretary of State is considering the exer-
cise of the power or powers in question.
( 4) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take those representations
into consideration before exercising the power or powers in
question .
(5 ) A requirement imposed on a company in the exercise
of any power or powers to which this section applies may be
framed so as to come into effect after the expiration of a
specified period (or such longer period as the Secretary of State
may allow ) unless before the expiration of that period the
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c . 58
1751
person whose fitness is in question has ceased to be a director
or manager of the company.
(6) Section 22(5) above shall apply also to a notice under this
section .
24 .-(1 ) The Secretary of State may rescind a requirement Rescission,
imposed under sections 13 to 21 above if it appears to him that variation and
it is no longer necessary for the requirement to continue in publication of
force, and may from time to time vary any such requirement. requirements.
( 2) No requirement imposed by virtue of subsection (4) of
section 12 above shall be varied after the expiration of the period
of five years mentioned in that subsection except in a manner
which relaxes that requirement.
( 3) A rescission under subsection (1) above of a requirement
imposed under section 13 above may be limited so as to apply
only to contracts of a specified description.
( 4) Notice of the imposition of a requirement under the said
section 13 and of the rescission or variation of any such require-
ment shall be published by the Secretary of State in the London
and Edinburgh Gazettes and in such other ways as appear to
him expedient for notifying the public.
( 5) Where a requirement is imposed under section 16 above
or any such requirement is rescinded or varied the Secretary of
State shall forthwith serve-
( a ) except where paragraph ( b) below applies, on the
registrar of companies ;
( b ) if the requirement is imposed on a registered society
( other than one registered in Northern Ireland), on
the appropriate registrar as defined by section 73 ( 1) of
the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965,
1965 с. 12.a written notice stating that fact and, in the case of a notice
of the imposition of a requirement, setting out the terms of
the requirement, in the case of a notice of the rescission of a
requirement, identifying the requirement and, in the case of a
notice of a variation of a requirement, identifying the require-
ment and setting out the terms of the variation.
( 6) A notice served in pursuance of subsection (5 ) above on
the registrar of companies shall be open to inspection, and a
copy thereof may be procured by any person on payment of such
fee as the Secretary of State may direct ; and every document
purporting to be certified by the registrar of companies to be
a copy of such a notice shall be deemed to be a copy of that
notice and shall be received in evidence as if it were the original
notice unless some variation between it and the original is
proved.
1752 c.58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
(7) Section 71 ( 1 ) of the said Act of 1965 (which empowers
the Treasury to make regulations respecting, among other things,
the inspection of documents kept by the appropriate registrar
under that Act ) shall have effect as if the reference to documents
so kept included a reference to notices served in pursuance of
subsection (5) above on the appropriate registrar.
Power of
25.-( 1 ) Section 37(1) of the Act of 1967 (power of Secretary
Secretary of
of State to bring civil proceedings on behalf of body corporate)
State to bring shall have effect in relation to an insurance company to which
civil pro-
ceedings on
the Act of 1958 applies (whether or not a body corporate ) as
behalfof
if the reference to any information or document obtained under
insurance
the provisions there mentioned included a reference to any
company.
information or document obtained under the Act of 1958,
Part II of the Act of 1967 or this Act.
( 2) Where under a judgment given or decree pronounced in
proceedings brought by virtue of the said section 37(1) on behalf
of an insurance company a sum is recovered in respect of a loss
of assets representing a fund or funds maintained by the com-
pany in respect of its long term business the court shall direct
that the sum shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as
assets of that fund or those funds and this Act shall have effect
accordingly.
Sanction of
court for
transfers of
long term
business.
Transfers of long term business
26.-( 1 ) Where it is proposed to carry out a scheme under
which the whole or part of the long term business carried on
by an insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies
( " the transferor company ") is to be transferred to another
body whether incorporated or not ( " the transferee company " )
the transferor company or transferee company may apply to the
court, by petition, for an order sanctioning the scheme.
( 2) The court shall not entertain an application under this
section unless the petition is accompanied by a report on the
terms of the scheme by an independent actuary and the court
is satisfied that the requirements of subsection (3) below have
been complied with.
( 3) The said requirements are-
(a) that a notice has been published in the London and
Edinburgh Gazettes and, except where the court has
otherwise directed, in two national newspapers stating
that the application is to be made and giving the address
of the offices at which, and the period for which, copies
of the documents mentioned in paragraph (d ) below will
be available as required by that paragraph ;
( b) except where the court has otherwise directed, that a
statement-
(i ) setting out the terms of the scheme ; and
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
(ii ) containing a summary of the report mentioned
in subsection ( 2) above sufficient to indicate the
opinion of the actuary on the likely effects of the
scheme on the long term policy holders of the com-
panies concerned,
has been sent to each of those policy holders and to
every member of those companies ;
( c ) that a copy of the petition, of the report mentioned in
subsection (2) above and of any statement sent out
under paragraph (b) above has been served on the
Secretary of State and that a period of not less than
twenty- one days has elapsed since the date of service ;
and
(d) that copies of the petition and of the report mentioned
in subsection (2) above have been open to inspection
at offices in Great Britain of the companies concerned
for a period of not less than twenty-one days beginning
with the date on which the notice mentioned in para-
graph (a) above was published as required by that
paragraph.
( 4) Each of the companies concerned shall, on payment of
such fee as may be prescribed by rules of court, furnish a copy
of the petition and of the report mentioned in subsection (2)
above to any person who asks for one at any time before an
order sanctioning the scheme is made on the petition.
(5) On any petition under this section-
(a) the Secretary of State, and
( b ) any person (including any employee of the transferor
company or the transferee company) who alleges that
he would be adversely affected by the carrying out
of the scheme,
shall be entitled to be heard.
( 6 ) The court shall not make an order sanctioning the scheme
unless it is satisfied that the transferee company is, or imme-
diately after the making of the order will be, authorised under
section 61 of the Act of 1967 to carry on long term business of
the class or classes to be transferred under the scheme.
( 7 ) No such transfer as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
shall be carried out unless the scheme relating to the transfer
has been sanctioned by the court in accordance with this section ;
and no order shall be made under section 206 or 208 of the
Companies Act 1948 (compromises and arrangements between a 1948 c. 38.
company and its creditors or members) in respect of so much
of any compromise or arrangement as involves any such transfer.
1753
1754 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 8) In this section " the court " means the High Court of
Justice in England except that it means-
( a ) the Court of Session if the transferor company and the
transferee company are registered or have their head
offices in Scotland ; and
( b) either the High Court of Justice in England or the
Court of Session if one only of those companies is
registered or has its head office in Scotland.
( 9) This section does not apply to any scheme if the transferor
company and transferee company are registered or have their
head offices in Northern Ireland ; and subsection (7) above does
not apply if either of those companies is registered or has its
head office in Northern Ireland and the scheme has been
sanctioned by the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland.
(10 ) Subsection ( 7) above does not apply to a transfer of long
term business carried on elsewhere than in Great Britain but,
save as aforesaid, this section applies whether or not the long term
business is carried on in Great Britain and whether or not the
scheme involves the transfer of any other part of the trans-
feror company's undertaking or the amalgamation of that com-
pany with one or more other companies.
Provisions
27.-( 1 ) Where the court makes an order under section 26
supplementary above sanctioning a scheme the court may, either by that order
to s. 26. or by any subsequent order, make provision for all or any of the
following matters-
( a ) the transfer to the transferee company of the whole or
any part of the undertaking and of the property or
liabilities of the transferor company ;
( b) the allotting or appropriation by the transferee com-
pany of any shares, debentures, policies or other like
interests in that company which under the scheme
are to be allotted or appropriated by that company
to or for any person ;
( c ) the continuation by or against the transferee company
of any legal proceedings pending by or against the
transferor company ;
( d ) the dissolution, without winding up, of the transferor
company ;
( e) such incidental, consequential and supplementary
matters as are necessary to secure that the scheme
shall be fully and effectively carried out.
(2) Where any such order provides for the transfer of property
or liabilities, that property shall, by virtue of the order, be
transferred to and vest in, and those liabilities shall, by virtue of
the order, be transferred to and become the liabilities of, the
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58 1755
transferee company, and in the case of any property, if the
order so directs, freed from any mortgage or charge which is
by virtue of the scheme to cease to have effect.
( 3) For the purposes of any provision requiring the delivery
of an instrument of transfer as a condition for the registra-
tion of a transfer of any property (including in particular section
75 of the Companies Act 1948 and section 56( 4) of the Finance 1948 c. 38.
Act 1946) an order which by virtue of this section operates to 1946 с. 64.
transfer any property shall be treated as an instrument of
transfer.
( 4) In this section " property " includes property, rights and
powers of every description, “ liabilities " includes duties and
" shares " and " debentures " have the same meaning as in the
Companies Act 1948.
(5) Where a scheme is sanctioned by an order of the court
under section 26 above the transferee company shall, within
ten days from the date on which the order is made or such
longer period as the Secretary of State may allow, deposit two
office copies of the order with the Secretary of State.
Insolvency and winding up
28.-( 1) The Secretary of State may by order amend sub- Margin of
sections ( 1) and ( 2) of section 13 of the Act of 1958 (margin of solvency for
solvency for general business) by substituting for any amount general
business.
specified in or to be determined in accordance with those sub-
sections (whether as in force at the passing of this Act or as
amended by a previous order under this subsection) an amount
specified in or to be determined in accordance with the order .
( 2) No amendment of the said section 13 made by an order
under subsection ( 1) above shall come into force before the
expiration of the period of twelve months beginning with the
date on which the order is made.
( 3) The power to make orders under subsection ( 1) above
includes power to vary or revoke a previous order, and an order
under that subsection may make different provision in relation
to different cases or circumstances.
( 4 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) of the said section 13
the value of any assets and the amount of any liabilities shall,
subject to subsection (3) of that section and to subsection (5)
below, be determined in accordance with any applicable
valuation regulations.
( 5 ) In the case of an insurance company which carries on
long term business as well as general business the amount of
the liabilities of its long term business at any time shall, for
the purposes of subsection (1) of the said section 13, be taken
to be-
1756 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Winding up of
insurance
companies :
general pro-
visions.
1948 с. 38.
( a ) an amount equal to the total amount at that time
standing to the credit of the fund or funds maintained
by the company in respect of its long term business ; or
( b) the amount of those liabilities at that time as determined
in accordance with any applicable valuation regulations ,
whichever is the greater.
( 6 ) In subsection ( 1) of the said section 13 for the words
" for the purposes of section two hundred and twenty- two of the
Companies Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words " for
the purposes of sections 222 and 399 of the Companies Act
1948 ".
29.-( 1) If, in the case of an insurance company to which
the Act of 1958 applies, being a company which may be wound
up by the court under the provisions of the Companies Act
1948 , it appears to the Secretary of State that it is expedient in
the public interest that the company should be wound up, he
may, unless the company is already being wound up by the
court, present a petition for it to be so wound up if the court
thinks it just and equitable for it to be so wound up.
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) of section 15 of the Act of 1958 (power
to wind up under Companies Act 1948 any insurance company
to which the Act of 1958 applies) shall apply to any such com-
pany which is registered or has its head office in Northern
Ireland ; and in subsection ( 2) of that section ( Secretary of
State's petition for winding up an insurance company)
( a) in paragraph (a ) (company which is unable to pay its
debts within the meaning of sections 222 and 223 of
Companies Act 1948) for the words " sections two
hundred and twenty-two and two hundred and twenty-
three of the said Act of 1948 " there shall be
substituted the words " sections 222 and 223 or section
399 of the said Act of 1948 " ;
( b) in paragraph (b) (company which has failed to satisfy
an obligation to which it is subject by virtue of certain
provisions of the Act of 1958) for the words from " to
which it is subject " to the end of the paragraph there
shall be substituted the words " to which it is subject
by virtue of this Act, Part II of the Companies Act
1967 or the Insurance Companies Amendment Act
1973 " .
(3) Where a petition for the winding up of an insurance
company to which the Act of 1958 applies is presented by a
person other than the Secretary of State a copy of the petition
shall be served on the Secretary of State and the Secretary of
State shall be entitled to be heard on the petition.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
175
( 4 ) Rules may be made under section 365 of the said Act of
1948 (general rules about winding up) for determining the
amount of the liabilities of an insurance company to policy
holders of any class or description for the purpose of proof in
awinding up and generally for carrying into effect the provisions
of the Act of 1958, Part II of the Act of 1967 and this Act
with respect to the winding up of insurance companies.
30.-(1) No insurance company to which the Act of 1958 Winding up of
applies which is an unincorporated body and carries on long insurance companies
term business shall be made the subject of bankruptcy with long
proceedings or, in Scotland, sequestration proceedings . term
( 2 ) No insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies business.
which carries on long term business shall be wound up
voluntarily.
(3) Section 8( 1) above shall not have effect in relation to the
winding up of a company to which section 7(1) above applies
but, subject to subsection ( 4) below and to rules made by virtue
of subsection (5) below, in any such winding up-
( a) the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by
the company in respect of its long term business
shall be available only for meeting the liabilities of
the company attributable to that business ;
( b) the other assets of the company shall be available only
for meeting the liabilities of the company attributable
to its other business.
( 4 ) Where the value of the assets mentioned in either para-
graph of subsection (3) above exceeds the amount of the
liabilities mentioned in that paragraph the restriction imposed
by that subsection shall not apply to so much of those assets
as represents the excess .
(5) Without prejudice to the generality of section 29( 4) above,
rules under section 365 of the Companies Act 1948 may make 1948 с. 38.
provision for all or any of the following matters-
( a ) the identification of the assets and liabilities falling
within either paragraph of subsection (3) above ;
( b) the apportionment between the assets falling within
paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection of the costs ,
charges and expenses of the winding up and of any
debts of the company having priority under section 319
of the said Act of 1948 ;
( c) the determination of the amount of liabilities of any
description falling within either paragraph of that sub-
section for the purpose of establishing whether or not
there is any such excess in respect of that paragraph
as is mentioned in subsection ( 4) above ;
Part III B
1758 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( d ) the application of assets within paragraph ( a ) of sub-
section ( 3) above for meeting the liabilities within that
paragraph ;
( e) the application of assets representing any such excess as
is mentioned in subsection (4) above.
( 6) In relation to the assets falling within either paragraph of
subsection ( 3) above the creditors mentioned in subsections ( 1 )
and ( 2) of section 246 of the said Act of 1948 shall be only
those who are creditors in respect of liabilities falling within that
paragraph ; and any general meetings of creditors summoned for
the purposes of that section shall accordingly be separate general
meetings of the creditors in respect of the liabilities falling within
each paragraph .
(7) Where under section 333(1) of the said Act of 1948
( defalcations of directors etc. disclosed in course of winding up)
a court orders any money or property to be repaid or restored
to a company or any sum to be contributed to its assets then,
if and so far as the wrongful act which is the reason for the
making of the order related to assets representing a fund or
funds maintained by the company in respect of its long term
business, the court shall include in the order a direction that
the money, property or contribution shall be treated for the
purposes of this Act as assets of that fund or those funds and
this Act shall have effect accordingly.
Continuation
31.-( 1 ) This section has effect in relation to the winding up
of long term
of an insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies, being
business of
insurance
a company carrying on long term business.
company in liquidation.
( 2) The liquidator shall, unless the court otherwise orders,
carry on the long term business of the company with a view to
its being transferred as a going concern to another insurance
company, whether an existing company or a company formed
for that purpose ; and, in carrying on that business as aforesaid ,
the liquidator may agree to the variation of any contracts
of insurance in existence when the winding up order is made but
shall not effect any new contracts of insurance.
( 3) If the liquidator is satisfied that the interests of the
creditors in respect of liabilities of the company attributable to
its long term business require the appointment of a special
manager of the company's long term business, he may apply
to the court, and the court may on such application appoint
a special manager of that business to act during such time as
the court may direct, with such powers, including any of the
powers of a receiver or manager, as may be entrusted to him by
the court.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
1759
( 4 ) Subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of section 263 of the Companies 1948 c. 38 .
Act 1948 (special manager to give security and receive remunera-
tion ) shall apply to a special manager appointed under subsection
( 3) above as they apply to a special manager appointed under
that section.
( 5) The court may, if it thinks fit and subject to such conditions
(if any ) as it may determine, reduce the amount of the contracts
made by the company in the course of carrying on its long term
business.
( 6) The court may, on the application of the liquidator,
a special manager appointed under subsection (3) above or the
Secretary of State, appoint an independent actuary to investigate
the long term business of the company and to report to the
liquidator, the special manager or the Secretary of State, as the
case may be, on the desirability or otherwise of that business
being continued and on any reduction in the contracts made
in the course of carrying on that business that may be necessary
for its successful continuation.
(7 ) Notwithstanding section 245( 1) of the Companies Act 1948
( which requires a liquidator to obtain the sanction of the court
or committee of inspection for the bringing of legal proceedings
in the name of and on behalf of the company) the liquidator
may without any such sanction make an application in the name
of and on behalf of the company under section 26 above.
66
( 8) In this section the court " means the court having
jurisdiction to wind up the company.
Valuation regulations
32.-( 1 ) Regulations may be made with respect to the deter- Power to make
mination of the value of assets and the amount of liabilities in valuation
any case in which the value or amount is required by any regulations.
provision of this Act to be determined in accordance with
valuation regulations.
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
regulations under this section may provide that, for any specified
purpose, assets or liabilities of any specified class or description
shall be left out of account or shall be taken into account only
to a specified extent.
( 3) Paragraph (a) of section 13 (2) of the Act of 1958 and that
paragraph as applied by subsection (4 ) of section 62 of the
Act of 1967 (liabilities to be taken into account for purposes of
those sections) and section 15( 7 ) above shall have effect subject
to any applicable valuation regulations made by virtue of
subsection (2) above.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section may make different provision
in relation to different cases or circumstances .
Part III B2
1760 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Approval ofproposed
managing
director or
chief
executive of
insurance
company.
Changes of director, controller or manager
33.-(1 ) No insurance company to which the Act of 1958
applies shall appoint a person as managing director or chief
executive of the company unless-
( a ) the company has served on the Secretary of State a
written notice stating that it proposes to appoint that
person to that position and containing such particulars
as may be prescribed ; and
(b) either the Secretary of State has, before the expiration of
the period of three months beginning with the date of
service of that notice, notified the company in writing
that there is no objection to that person being appointed
to that position or that period has elapsed without the
Secretary of State having served on the company a
written notice of objection .
( 2) A notice served by a company under subsection (1 )(a)
above shall contain a statement signed by the person proposed
to be appointed that it is served with his knowledge and consent.
( 3) The Secretary of State may serve a notice of objection
under subsection ( 1) above on the ground that it appears to him
that the person proposed to be appointed is not a fit and proper
person to be appointed to the position in question, but before
serving such a notice the Secretary of State shall serve on the
company and on that person a preliminary written notice
stating-
( a) that the Secretary of State is considering the service on
the company of a notice of objection on that ground ;
and
( b ) that the company and that person may, within the
period of one month from the date of service of the
preliminary notice, make written representations to the
Secretary of State and, if the company or that person
so requests, oral representations to an officer of the
Department of Trade and Industry appointed for the
purpose by the Secretary of State.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall not be obliged to disclose to
the company or to the person proposed to be appointed any
particulars of the ground on which he is considering the service
on the company of a notice of objection .
( 5) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before serving the notice of objection.
(6) Section 22(5) above shall apply also to a notice served
under this section by the Secretary of State .
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1761
34.-( 1 ) No person shall become a controller of an insurance Approval of
company to which the Act of 1958 applies, otherwise than by person
virtue of an appointment in relation to which section 33 above proposing
has effect, unless- tobecome
controller of
( a) he has served on the Secretary of State a written notice insurance
stating that he intends to become a controller of that company
where s. 33
company and containing such particulars as may be does not apply .
prescribed ; and
(b) either the Secretary of State has, before the expiration
of the period of three months beginning with the date
of service of that notice, notified him in writing that
there is no objection to his becoming a controller of
the company or that period has elapsed without the
Secretary of State having served on him a written
notice of objection.
(2) The Secretary of State may serve a notice of objection
under subsection ( 1) above on the ground that it appears to
him that the person concerned is not a fit and proper person
to be a controller of the company, but before serving such a
notice the Secretary of State shall serve on that person a
preliminary written notice stating-
( a) that the Secretary of State is considering the service on
him of a notice of objection on that ground ; and
( b) that that person may, within the period of one month
from the date of service of the preliminary notice, make
written representations to the Secretary of State and,
if that person so requests, oral representations to an
officer of the Department of Trade and Industry
appointed for the purpose by the Secretary of State.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall not be obliged to disclose to
any person any particulars of the ground on which he is con-
sidering the service on him of a notice of objection.
( 4 ) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before serving the notice of objection.
(5) Section 22(5) above shall apply also to a notice served
under this section by the Secretary of State.
35.-( 1 ) A person who becomes or ceases to be a controller Duty to notify
of an insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies shall, change of
before the expiration of the period of seven days beginning with director ,
the day next following that on which he does so, notify the manager.
controller or
insurance company in writing of that fact and of such other
matters as may be prescribed ; and a person who becomes a
director or manager of any such insurance company shall, before
Part III B 3
1762 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
the expiration of the period of seven days beginning with the
day next following that on which he does so, notify the insurance
company in writing of such matters as may be prescribed.
( 2 ) An insurance company to which the Act of 1958 applies
shall give written notice to the Secretary of State of the fact
that any person has become or ceased to be a director, controller
or manager of the company and of any matter of which any
such person is required to notify the company under subsection
(1) above ; and that notice shall be given before the expiration of
the period of fourteen days beginning with the day next following
that on which that fact or matter comes to the company's
knowledge.
Miscellaneous
Documents
36.-( 1) The Secretary of State shall deposit with the registrar
deposited with of companies one copy of-
Secretary of
State.
( a) any document deposited with the Secretary of State
under section 8 of the Act of 1958, including any docu-
ment obtained under subsection (2) of that section ;
( b) any document deposited with him under section 18(4)
or 27(5) above.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, any document deposited
under this section or section 5(5) or 6(3) above with the
registrar of companies shall be open to inspection and copies
thereof may be procured by any person on payment of such
fees as the Secretary of State may direct.
( 3) Subsection ( 2) above shall not apply to any document if
it is a copy of a document in respect of which a dispensation has
been granted under section 76( 1) of the Act of 1967 ( exemption
from obligation to supply certain information to shareholders
and policy holders) .
( 4) Every document deposited with the Secretary of State
under the Act of 1958 or this Act and certified by the registrar
of companies to be a document so deposited shall be deemed to
be a document so deposited ; and every document purporting to
be certified by the registrar of companies to be a copy of a
document so deposited shall be deemed to be a copy of that
document and shall be received in evidence as if it were the
original document unless some variation between it and the
original is proved.
Treatment of
certain
business as or
as not being
ordinary
long- term
insurance
business.
37.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, on the application or
with the consent of an insurance company to which the Act of
1958 applies, by order direct that for the purposes of the
application to the company of all or any of the provisions to
which this section applies-
( a) business of a kind specified in the order, not being
ordinary long-term insurance business, shall be treated
as being such business ; or
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
1763
( b) ordinary long- term insurance business of a kind so
specified shall be treated as not being such business.
( 2 ) An order under subsection ( 1) (b) above may direct that
the business specified in the order shall be treated as falling
within a specified class of insurance business relevant for the
purposes of Part II of the Act of 1967.
( 3) An order under this section may be subject to conditions
and may be varied or revoked at any time by the Secretary of
State.
( 4) The provisions to which this section applies are sections
3, 5, 7 to 10, 18, 28 (4) to (6), 30 and 31 above and the following
provisions of the Act of 1958, that is to say, section 4 ( annual
accounts and balance sheets), section 5 (periodic investigation of
certain companies by actuary), section 7 (company's annual
statement of certain classes of business) and section 13 (margin
of solvency for general business) .
38.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, on the application or Power to
with the consent of an insurance company to which the Act of modify Acts
1958 applies, by order direct that all or any of the provisions particular
in relation to
to which this section applies shall not apply to the company or companies.
shall apply to it with such modifications as may be specified in
the order.
( 2) An order under this section may be subject to conditions.
(3) An order under this section may be revoked at any time
by the Secretary of State ; and the Secretary of State may at any
time vary any such order on the application or with the consent
of the company to which it applies .
( 4) The provisions to which this section applies are sections
3 to 11 and 28(4) to (6) above, sections 4, 5, 7, 8, 9 and 13 of the
Act of 1958, the provisions of regulations made for the purposes
of any of those sections and the provisions of any valuation
regulations.
( 5) In relation to section 10 above, subsection ( 1 ) above shall
have effect as if the reference to an insurance company to which
the Act of 1958 applies included a reference to any subordinate
company within the meaning of that section of any such insur-
ance company.
39.-( 1 ) The power to make regulations for the purposes of Application
section 3 (2) above, section 4 of the Act of 1958 so far as it of Acts in
relates to revenue accounts , section 5 of that Act so far as it relation to
industrial
relates to the form of abstracts and statements and section 7 assurance
of that Act shall, in relation to industrial assurance business, business .
be exercisable by the Industrial Assurance Commissioner.
Part III B4
1764 c.58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 2 ) Section 8 of the Act of 1958 shall have effect in relation
to any document which relates to industrial assurance business
as if references in that section to the Secretary of State included
references to the Commissioner.
( 3) Where any document required to be deposited by a com-
pany under subsection (4) of section 18 above relates to industrial
assurance business the company shall also, within the time
required under that subsection, deposit one copy of that docu-
ment with the Commissioner.
( 4) Where any business proposed to be transferred as men-
tioned in section 26 above is or includes industrial assurance
business that section and section 27( 5) above shall have effect
as if references to the Secretary of State included references to
the Commissioner.
( 5 ) The power to make orders under section 38 above as
respects section 3 above, section 4 of the Act of 1958 so far
as it relates to revenue accounts, sections 5, 7 and 8 of that Act
and the provisions of regulations made for the purposes of any
of those sections (other than valuation regulations) shall, in
relation to industrial assurance business, be exercisable by the
Commissioner.
Application
40. In section 1 (5A) (a) of the Act of 1958 and section 60(1)(e)
of Acts to
of the Act of 1967 (which respectively exempt from the Act of
organisations of workers or
1958 and the authorisation requirements of the Act of 1967 a
employers.
trade union or an employers' association within the meaning
of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 whose insurance business is
1971 с. 72.
limited to the provision of certain benefits for its members) for
the words " a trade union or an employers' association within
the meaning of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 " there shall
66
be substituted the words an organisation of workers within
the meaning of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 (including an
organisation for the time being entered in the special register
maintained under section 84 of that Act ) or an organisation of
employers within the meaning of that Act " .
Insurance
advertise-
ments.
41.- ( 1 ) Regulations may be made as to the form and contents
of insurance advertisements .
(2) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision in relation to insurance advertisements of different classes
or descriptions .
(3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, any person who issues
an insurance advertisement which contravenes regulations under
this section shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) A person who in the ordinary course of his business issues
an advertisement to the order of another person, being an
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1765
advertisement the issue of which by that other person constitutes
an offence under subsection (3) above, shall not himself be guilty
of the offence if he proves that the matters contained in the
advertisement were not (wholly or in part) devised or selected
by him or by any person under his direction or control.
( 5 ) In this section " insurance advertisement " means an
advertisement inviting persons to enter into or to offer to enter
into contracts of insurance, and an advertisement which contains
information calculated to lead directly or indirectly to persons
entering into or offering to enter into such contracts shall be
treated as an advertisement inviting them to do so.
( 6) In this section " advertisement " includes every form of
advertising, whether in a publication or by the display of notices
or by means of circulars or other documents or by an exhibition
of photographs or cinematograph films or by way of sound broad-
casting or television, and references to the issue of an advertise-
ment shall be construed accordingly.
( 7) For the purposes of this section an advertisement issued
by any person on behalf of or to the order of another person
shall be treated as an advertisement issued by that other person ;
and for the purposes of any proceedings under this section an
advertisement inviting persons to enter into or to offer to enter
into contracts with a person specified in the advertisement shall
be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to have been issued
by that person.
42. Any person who, by any statement, promise or forecast Misleading
which he knows to be misleading, false or deceptive, or by any statements
dishonest concealment of material facts, or by the reckless etc. inducing
making ( dishonestly or otherwise ) of any statement, promise or person to
enter into
forecast which is misleading, false or deceptive, induces or contract of
attempts to induce another person to enter into or offer to enter insurance.
into any contract of insurance with an insurance company shall
be guilty of an offence.
43.-( 1 ) Regulations may be made for requiring any person Intermediaries
who-
in insurance
transactions.( a) invites another person to make an offer or proposal or
to take any other step with a view to entering into a
contract of insurance with an insurance company ;
and
(b) is connected with that company as provided in the
regulations,
to give the prescribed information with respect to his connection
with the company to the person to whom the invitation is issued.
1766 Statutory
noticeby
insurer in
relation to
long term
policy .
c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 2 ) Regulations may be made for requiring any person who,
in the course of carrying on any business or profession, issues any
such invitation as is mentioned in subsection ( 1)( a) above in
relation to an insurance company which is not an authorised
insurer in respect of the contract in question to inform the person
to whom the invitation is issued that the company is not such an
insurer as aforesaid.
In this subsection " authorised insurer ", in relation to a con-
tract of any description, means a person entitled to carry on in
Great Britain insurance business of a class comprising the effect-
ing of contracts of that description.
(3) Regulations under this section may make different provi-
sion in relation to different cases or circumstances .
( 4 ) Any person who contravenes regulations under this section
shall be guilty of an offence.
44.-( 1) Subject to subsection (5 ) below, no insurance com-
pany to which the Act of 1958 applies and no member of
Lloyd's or of any other association of underwriters approved
for the purposes of Part II of the Act of 1967 by the Secretary
of State shall enter into a contract of a kind mentioned in
section 59(6) of the Act of 1967 (long term insurance contracts)
unless that company or member ( " the insurer ") either-
(a) has sent by post to the other party to the contract a
statutory notice in relation to that contract ; or
(b ) does so at the time when the contract is entered into.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section a statutory notice is a
notice which-
(a ) contains such matters (and no others) and is in such
form as may be prescribed for the purposes of this
section and complies with such requirements (whether
as to type, size, colour or disposition of lettering,
quality or colour of paper, or otherwise) as may be
prescribed for securing that the notice is easily legible ;
and
(b) has annexed to it a form of notice of cancellation of the
prescribed description for use under section 45 below.
(3) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) above
may make different provision—
(a) in relation to contracts of different classes or descrip-
tions ;
(b) in relation to cases where the statutory notice is sent
before the contract is entered into and in relation to
other cases ;
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c .58 1767
and the Secretary of State may, on the application of any
insurer, alter the requirements of any regulations made for the
purposes of subsection (2) (a) above so as to adapt those require-
ments to the circumstances of that insurer or to any particular
kind of contract proposed to be entered into by that insurer.
( 4) Any insurer who contravenes this section shall be guilty
of an offence but, without prejudice to section 45( 2) below, no
contract shall be invalidated by reason of the fact that the
insurer has contravened this section in relation to that contract.
(5) Subsection ( 1) of this section does not apply to any con-
tract the effecting of which by the insurer constitutes the carrying
on of industrial assurance business ; and regulations may
exempt from that subsection contracts of any other class or
description.
(6) In sections 45 and 46 below " insurer " and " statutory
notice " have the same meaning as in this section.
45.-( 1 ) A person who has received a statutory notice from an Right to
insurer in relation to any contract to which section 44( 1) above withdraw
applies may before the expiration of- from
transaction in
( a ) the tenth day after that on which he received the notice ; respect of
long term
or
policy.( b) the earliest day on which he knows both that the con-
tract has been entered into and that the first or only
premium has been paid,
whichever is the later, serve a notice of cancellation on the
insurer.
( 2) A person to whom an insurer ought to have, but has not,
sent a statutory notice in relation to any such contract as afore-
said may serve a notice of cancellation on the insurer ; but if the
insurer sends him a statutory notice in relation to that contract
before he has served a notice of cancellation under this sub-
section, then, without prejudice to his right to serve a notice
of cancellation under subsection ( 1) above, his right to do so
under this subsection shall cease.
(3) A notice of cancellation may, but need not, be in the form
annexed to the statutory notice and shall have effect if, however
expressed, it indicates the intention of the person serving it to
withdraw from the transaction in relation to which the statutory
notice was or ought to have been sent.
( 4) Where a person serves a notice of cancellation, then-
(a ) if at the time when the notice is served the contract
has been entered into, the notice shall operate so as to
rescind the contract ;
1768 Service of
notice of
cancellation.
1889 с. 63.
c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( b) in any other case, the service of the notice shall operate
as a withdrawal of any offer to enter into the contract
which is contained in, or implied by, any proposal
made to the insurer by the person serving the notice
of cancellation and as notice to the insurer that any
such offer is withdrawn.
(5) Where a notice of cancellation operates to rescind a con-
tract or as the withdrawal of an offer to enter into a contract-
( a ) any sum which the person serving the notice has paid
in connection with the contract ( whether by way of pre-
mium or otherwise and whether to the insurer or to a
person who is the agent of the insurer for the purpose
of receiving that sum ) shall be recoverable from the
insurer by the person serving the notice ;
( b) any sum which the insurer has paid under the contract
shall be recoverable by him from the person serving
the notice.
( 6) Any sum recoverable under subsection ( 5 ) above shall
be recoverable as a simple contract debt in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction .
46.-( 1 ) For the purposes of section 45 above a notice of
cancellation-
( a ) shall be deemed to be served on the insurer if it is sent
by post addressed to any person specified in the statu-
tory notice as a person to whom a notice of cancella-
tion may be sent, and is addressed to that person at
an address so specified ; and
(b) where paragraph (a) above applies, shall be deemed
to be served on the insurer at the time when it is
posted.
(2) Subsection ( 1) above shall have effect without prejudice
to the service of a notice of cancellation (whether by post or
otherwise) in any way in which the notice could be served apart
from that subsection, whether the notice is served on the insurer
or on a person who is the agent of the insurer for the purpose
of receiving such a notice.
( 3) A notice of cancellation which is sent by post to a
person at his proper address, otherwise than in accordance
with subsection (1) above, shall be deemed to be served on him
at the time when it is posted.
( 4 ) So much of section 26 of the Interpretation Act 1889
as relates to the time when service is deemed to have been
effected shall not apply to a notice of cancellation .
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
47.-( 1 ) Regulations may be made, as respects the matters Linked
specified in subsection ( 2) below, in relation to contracts of the long term
kinds mentioned in section 59(6) of the Act of 1967 (long term policies.
insurance contracts) which-
(a) are entered into by insurance companies to which the
Act of 1958 applies or by members of Lloyd's or of
any other association of underwriters approved for the
purposes of Part II of the Act of 1967 by the Secretary
of State ; and
(b) are contracts under which the benefits payable to the
policy holder are wholly or partly to be determined
by reference to the value of, or the income from,
property of any description (whether or not specified
in the contract) or by reference to fluctuations in, or in
an index of, the value of property of any description
( whether or not so specified) .
( 2 ) Regulations under this section may make provision for-
( a) restricting the descriptions of property or the indices
of the value of property by reference to which benefits
under the contracts may be determined ;
(b) regulating the manner in which and the frequency with
which property of any description is to be valued for
the purpose of determining such benefits and the times
at which reference is to be made for that purpose
to any index of the value of property ;
(c) requiring insurers under the contracts to appoint valuers
for carrying out valuations of property of any descrip-
tion for the purpose of determining such benefits (being
valuers who comply with the prescribed requirements
as to qualifications and independence from the insurer)
and to furnish the Secretary of State with the prescribed
information in relation to such appointments ;
(d ) requiring insurers under the contracts to furnish, in such
manner and at such times or intervals as may be
prescribed, such information relating to the value of
the benefits under the contracts as may be prescribed,
whether by sending notices to policy holders, depositing
statements with the Secretary of State or the registrar
of companies, publication in the press or otherwise ;
(e) requiring insurers under the contracts to furnish to the
Secretary of State, in such manner and at such times
or intervals as may be prescribed, such information
certified in such manner as may be prescribed with
respect to so much of their business as is concerned with
the contracts or with any class or description of the
contracts, and enabling the Secretary of State to publish
such information in such ways as he thinks appropriate.
1769
1770 c.58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 3) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) (d )
above may, in relation to notices required to be sent to policy
holders, impose requirements (whether as to type, size, colour
or disposition of lettering, quality or colour of paper, or other-
wise) for securing that such notices are easily legible.
( 4) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision in relation to different cases or circumstances ; and the
Secretary of State may, on the application of any insurer, alter
the requirements of any regulations under this section so as to
adapt those requirements to the circumstances of that insurer
or to any particular kind of contract entered into or proposed
to be entered into by that insurer.
(5) Regulations under this section may, to such extent as may
be specified therein, apply in relation to contracts entered into
before the coming into operation of the regulations, including
contracts entered into before the passing of this Act.
(6) Regulations under this section shall not apply in relation
to any contract the effecting of which by the insurer constitutes
the carrying on of industrial assurance business or to any con-
tract entered into by an insurance company to which the Act
of 1958 applies by reason only that the policy holder is eligible
to participate in any established surplus as defined in section
9( 4 ) above.
Scope of
48. The agreements and arrangements mentioned in section
Prevention
13(1) of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act 1958 (mis-
of Fraud
leading statements etc. inducing persons to invest money) and
( Investments ) in the definition of " dealing in securities " in section 26( 1 ) of
Act 1958 .
1958 с. 45.
that Act shall not include contracts of insurance.
Validation
of formation
ofcertain
pre-1967
insurance
companies.
1948 с. 38.
Validation of
certain group
policies.
1774 с. 48.
49.-( 1 ) Section 434 of the Companies Act 1948 (which in
certain cases forbids the formation otherwise than under that
Act of a company, association or partnership consisting of more
than twenty persons) shall be deemed not to have invalidated the
formation of any insurance company which immediately before
3rd November 1966 was carrying on in Great Britain insurance
business of any class relevant for the purposes of Part II of the
Act of 1967 and is carrying on business of that class at the
passing of this Act.
( 2 ) In subsection (1) above the reference to the said section
434 includes a reference to any corresponding enactment
previously in force.
50.-( 1 ) Section 2 of the Life Assurance Act 1774 (policy on
life or lives or other event or events not valid unless name or
names of assured etc. inserted when policy is made) shall not
invalidate a policy for the benefit of unnamed persons from time
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1771
to time falling within a specified class or description if the class
or description is stated in the policy with sufficient particularity
to make it possible to establish the identity of all persons who at
any given time are entitled to benefit under the policy.
( 2 ) This section applies to policies effected before the passing
of this Act as well as to policies effected thereafter.
51. The repeal by the Act of 1967 of subsection (2 ) of section Withdrawal
20 of the Act of 1958 ( withdrawal of statutory deposits by of statutory
insurance companies which satisfy the Board of Trade as to paid deposits by collecting
up share capital or margin of solvency ) shall be deemed not to societies.
have extended to that subsection in its application to collecting
societies as defined in section 1 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 c. 8.
1923 ; and in its application to such societies that subsection
shall have effect and be deemed always to have had effect as if
for the reference to the Board of Trade there were substituted a
reference to the Industrial Assurance Commissioner.
Supplementary
52.-( 1 ) Any person who- Offences and
(a) makes default in complying with sections 7 to 9 or 35( 1 ) penalties.
above or with any requirement imposed under section
13 above ; or
( b) in purported compliance with a requirement imposed
under section 20 above furnishes information which he
knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly
furnishes information which is false in a material par-
ticular ; or
(c ) causes or permits to be included in-
( i) any notice, statement or certificate served or
furnished under or by virtue of section 3(6) , 6( 1 ) or
7( 4) above ;
(ii) any document deposited with the Secretary
of State under section 5(4) or 18(4) above ; or
(iii) any statement sent out under section 26(3) (b)
above,
a statement which he knows to be false in a material
particular or recklessly causes or permits to be so
included any statement which is false in a material
particular,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection ( 1) above
or under section 41, 42 or 43 above shall be liable-
(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both ;
1772 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400
(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section-
( a ) any insurance company which makes default in comply-
ing with, or with a requirement imposed under, any
provision of this Act, being a default for which no
penalty is provided by the foregoing provisions of this
section ; and
(b) any other person who makes default in complying with,
or with a requirement imposed under, section 6, 8(6) ,
10, 14, 15, 16, 17, 20, 21, 26(4) , 27 (5) or 34( 1) above,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction,
to a fine not exceeding £400.
( 4) Where a person continues to make default in complying
with-
(a ) section 5(4), 18 ( 4) or 39(3) above, section 8( 1) of the
Act of 1958 or section 77( 1) of the Act of 1967 ; or
(b) a requirement imposed under section 19 or 20( 1) above,
after being convicted of that default he shall be guilty of a
further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £ 40 for each day on which the default so continues .
(5) A person shall not be guilty of an offence by reason of
his default in complying with section 34 or 35(1) above if he
proves that he did not know that the acts or circumstances by
virtue of which he became or ceased to be a controller of the
body in question were such as to have that effect.
(6) Where a person is charged with an offence in respect of
his default in complying with a requirement imposed under
section 20(2) or (3) above to produce any books or papers it
shall be a defence to prove that they were not in his possession
or control and that it was not reasonably practicable for him to
comply with the requirement.
( 7) In section 89 of the Act of 1967 (criminal liability of
director etc. of body corporate) after the word " director " there
shall be inserted the words " chief executive " ; and that section
and sections 88, 90 and 91 of that Act (other provisions about
criminal proceedings under Part II of that Act) shall have effect
as if this Act were contained in Part II of that Act.
(8) In sections 60(4) , 84( 2) and 85( 1) of the Act of 1967
( penalty for offences under that Act) for the words following
" on summary conviction " there shall be substituted the words
66to a fine not exceeding £ 400 ", but this subsection does not
affect the penalty that can be imposed under those sections in
respect of an offence committed before the passing of this Act.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1773
53.-( 1) Section 34 of the Act of 1958 (which provides that Regulations
regulations for the purposes of that Act are to be made by the and orders.
Secretary of State and are to be made by statutory instrument
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House
of Parliament) shall apply also in relation to this Act.
(2) The power to make orders under sections 1 and 28
above shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no such
order shall be made unless a draft of it has been approved by
resolution of each House of Parliament.
54.- (1 ) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act Minor and
shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified, being consequential
minor amendments and amendments consequential on the pro-
amendments
and repeals.visions of this Act.
(2) Any functions of the Secretary of State under the Act of
1958 and Part II of the Act of 1967 shall cease to be exercisable
concurrently by the Board of Trade.
( 3) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act
( which include spent enactments) are hereby repealed to the
extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
( 4) The repeal of sections 65, 68 and 80 and subsection
( 1 ) ( f ) of section 109 of the Act of 1967 does not affect-
( a) any requirement or direction imposed or given under
any of those sections before the passing of this Act ;
or
( b) the giving of a direction under the said section 68 in
any case in which a notice has been served under
subsection (3) of that section before the passing of
this Act ; or
(c) the exercise by an officer of any powers under the said
section 109 in a case in which he has been authorised
before the passing of this Act to exercise them ;
and the Act of 1967 shall have effect in relation to any such
requirement, direction or powers as if this Act had not been
passed .
(5 ) Any order under paragraph 10 of Schedule 2 to the Act
of 1958 or section 92 of the Act of 1967 which is in force
immediately before the passing of this Act shall have effect as
if made under section 38 above ; and any modification or altera-
tion which is then in force under section 4(5), 7(2) or 34(5) of
the Act of 1958 shall have effect as if made by an order under
the said section 38 .
(6 ) Any order under section 93 of the Act of 1967 which is
in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall have
1774 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
1889 с. 63 .
Interpretation.
1958 с. 72.
1967 с. 81 .
1970 с. 35.
effect as if made under section 37 above for the purposes of
sections 7 to 9 above.
( 7) Any regulations made by the Industrial Assurance Com-
missioner by virtue of paragraph 6( 2) of Schedule 2 to the
Act of 1958 which are in force immediately before the passing
of this Act shall, so far as they could have been made under
subsection (1) of section 39 above, have effect as if made under
that subsection.
(8) The foregoing provisions of this section are without
prejudice to section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of
repeals) .
55.-(1) In this Act-
" the Act of 1958 ود
means the Insurance Companies Act
; 1958
" the Act of 1967 " means the Companies Act 1967 ;
66 contract of insurance " includes a contract to pay an
annuity on human life ;
" ordinary long - term insurance business " has the meaning
given in section 59(6) of the Act of 1967 ;
" long term policy holder " means a policy holder in respect
of a policy the effecting of which by the insurer con-
stituted the carrying on of long term business ;
" mortgage " , in relation to Scotland, means a heritable
security within the meaning of section 9(8) of the
Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland ) Act
; 1970
" valuation regulations " means regulations under section
32 above.
(2 ) References in this Act to a fund or funds maintained in
respect of long term business are references to a fund or funds
maintained under section 7(1)(b) above and in sections 25( 2)
and 30(7) above include references to a fund or funds main-
tained under section 3( 1) of the Act of 1958.
( 3) The provisions of section 33( 1) and ( 6) of the Act of 1958
and sections 94 and 102(2) to (4) of the Act of 1967 (interpreta-
tion of Act of 1958 and Part II of Act of 1967 ) shall apply also
in relation to this Act.
( 4 ) In any provision of this Act except section 31 and in
the Act of 1967 " controller ", " manager " and " chief execu-
tive " have the meaning given in section 2 above.
( 5) Any reference in sections 1, 2( 1) to ( 4), (6) and (7) and
12( 4) above and in sections 60 to 69 and section 104 of the
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58
1775
Act of 1967 to an incorporated company or a company shall
include a reference to any body corporate other than a registered
society.
56.-( 1 ) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland subject to Application
the modifications specified in Schedule 3 to this Act. to Northern
Ireland.
( 2) This Act shall, so far as it relates to matters within the
powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be deemed for
the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 1920 c. 67.
to be an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning
of that section .
57.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Insurance Companies Short title,
Amendment Act 1973 . citation and
commence-
( 2) The Insurance Companies Acts 1958 to 1967 and this ment.
Act may be cited together as the Insurance Companies Acts
1958 to 1973 .
( 3) Section 11 above shall not take effect until the first regula-
tions made for the purposes of that section come into operation .
( 4 ) Sections 26 and 27 above and the repeal of sections 11
and 12 of the Act of 1958 shall not take effect until the expira-
tion of the period of six months beginning with the date of the
passing of this Act ; and, in relation to any amalgamation or
transfer in respect of which proceedings under the said section
11 have been begun before the expiration of that period, that
Act and the Act of 1967 shall continue to have effect as if
this Act had not been passed .
(5) The repeal of section 17( 2 ) and (3) of the Act of 1958
and Schedules 3 and 4 to that Act shall not take effect until
the date on which the first rules made by virtue of section
30(5 ) above come into operation ; and the provisions of this Act
relating to winding up shall not affect any winding up com-
menced before that date.
(6 ) The repeal of section 25 of the Act of 1958 shall not
take effect until the date on which the first regulations under
section 41 above come into operation .
( 7 ) Sections 33 to 35 above and the repeal of sections
82 and 83 of the Act of 1967 shall not take effect until the date
on which the first regulations made for the purposes of sections
33 to 35 come into operation, and so long as the said sections
82 and 83 continue in force the Act of 1967 shall have effect in
relation to them as if this Act had not been passed.
(8) Sections 44 to 46 above shall not take effect until the first
regulations under subsection (5) of the said section 44 come into
operation.
1776 c . 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Section54.
1958 с. 72.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Insurance Companies Act 1958
1. In section 5(1) of the Act of 1958 for the words " ordinary
long-term insurance business or industrial assurance business " there
shall be substituted the words " long term business " .
2. In section 8 of the Act of 1958, in subsection (1) for the words
" four copies " there shall be substituted the words " five copies "
and for subsection ( 6 ) there shall be substituted-
" ( 6 ) The company shall forward by post or otherwise to any
shareholder or policy holder who applies for one-
( a ) a printed copy of any of the documents last
deposited under subsection (1) of this section ;
(b ) a copy of any document supplied to the Secretary
of State under subsection ( 2) of this section which relates
to any of those documents ;
( c ) a copy of any report deposited with any of those
documents under subsection ( 3) of this section. "
3. In section 13 of the Act of 1958-
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " the provisions of this Act
as to winding up " there shall be substituted the words
" the provisions of this Act and of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 as to winding up " ;
( b ) in subsection (2 ) after " (a ) " there shall be inserted the
words " subject to any applicable valuation regulations
made by virtue of section 32(2) of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973, " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ) for the words " section three of this Act "
there shall be substituted the words " section 30 of the
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
4. In section 17( 1) of the Act of 1958 for the words from " at the
close of the period " to " section fourteen of this Act " there shall be
substituted the words-
" ( a ) at the close of the period to which-
(i ) the accounts and balance sheet of the company
last deposited under section 8 of this Act ; or
(ii ) any statement of the company last deposited under
section 5 of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act
1973 ,
relate ; or
(b ) at any date or time specified in a requirement under section
18 or 20 of that Act ".
5. In section 23 of the Act of 1958 for the word " constituted "
there shall be substituted the word " incorporated ".
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58 1777
6. In section 29 of the Act of 1958 after the words " this Act "
( in both places ) there shall be inserted the words " or the Insurance
Companies Amendment Act 1973 " ;
7. In section 32(1) of the Act of 1958 after the words " this Act "
66
there shall be inserted the words or the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 ".
8. In section 33(1) of the Act of 1958, in the definition of
" insolvent ", for the words " sections two hundred and twenty-two
and two hundred and twenty-three of the Companies Act 1948 "
there shall be substituted the words " sections 222 and 223 or section
399 of the Companies Act 1948 ".
9. In paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1958 after the
words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Insurance
Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
The Companies Act 1967
10. In section 61( 2) of the Act of 1967 after the words " Subject to
the following provisions of this Part of this Act " there shall be
“
inserted the words and section 2 of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 " .
11. In section 77( 1) of the Act of 1967 for the words " four copies
of each account, balance sheet, extract, statement or report required
by that Act " there shall be substituted the words " five copies of
each document to which that subsection applies " .
12. In section 84( 1)(b) (i) for the words " account, balance- sheet,
abstract or statement " there shall be substituted the word
" document ".
13. In section 94( 4) of the Act of 1967 for the words " sections
3, 5 and 11 " there shall be substituted the words " section 5".
14. In section 98 of the Act of 1967 for the words " and this Part
of this Act " there shall be inserted the words " this Part of this
Act and the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
15. In section 110(1) of the Act of 1967 after the words " the last
foregoing section " there shall be inserted the words " or section 20
of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
16. In section 111(1) of the Act of 1967-
( a ) after the words " the Protection of Depositors Act 1963 "
where they first occur there shall be inserted the words
" or section 20(2) to ( 4) of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 " ;
(b) in paragraphs ( a ) and (c) after the words " this Act " there
"
shall be inserted the words or the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 " ;
( c ) in paragraph ( c ) for the words " consider whether or not
they should exercise with respect to the body " there shall
be substituted the word " exercise ".
SCH. 1
1967 с. 81.
1778 c . 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
SCH. 1
17. In section 116 of the Act of 1967-
( a ) in subsection (1) after the words " of this Act " there shall
be inserted the words " or any requirement imposed under
section 20( 2) to ( 4 ) of the Insurance Companies Amendment
Act 1973 " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2) at the end there shall be added the words
66 or section 20( 2) to ( 4) of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 " .
Section 54.
SCHEDULE 2
REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
13 & 14Geo. 5 .
c. 8.
c. 38.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
с. 72.
The Industrial Assurance
Act 1923 .
11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Companies Act 1948. The Insurance Companies
Act 1958 .
Section 18(1 )( a).
Section 127(4) .
Section 3.
Section 4 (5) .
Section 7(2) .
In section 8, in subsection (1)
"
the words or manager
,
and subsection (4).
Sections 11 and 12.
Section 14.
In section 15( 1 ) the words
" ( not being a company
registered or having its head
office in Northern Ireland) " .
Section 17(2) and (3) .
Sections 25 and 26.
Section 28 .
Section 30.
Section 32(3) .
In section 33( 1), in the de-
" "
finition of actuary the
"
words except in section
fourteen of this Act ", the
definitions of"chairman" and
" Gazette ", and in the defini-
tion of " policy " the words
66
( except capital redemption
business)".
In section 34, the proviso to
subsection (3), and subsection
( 5 ).
Section 36( 1 ) .
In Schedule 2, paragraph 6(2)
and (6 ) to (9) and paragraphs
10 and 14.
Schedules 3 and 4.
In Schedule 5 the entry relating
to section 18 of the Industrial
Assurance Act 1923.
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58
1779
SCH. 2
Chapter
1967 с. 81 .
1969 с. 48.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Companies Act 1967. In section 60(1)( a) and ( 2)( a)
the words " incorporated ,
whether under the Companies
Act 1948 or otherwise ".
Sections 64 to 66.
Section 68 .
Section 70(3).
Section 71 (3) and (4) .
Section 72(2) and (3).
Section 75(2) .
Section 76(2) .
Section 79( 2) and ( 3).
Section 80.
Sections 82 and 83 .
In section 84 (1), in paragraph
( a ) the words " or in pur-
ported compliance with a
requirement imposed under
section 65 or 80 of this Act
to furnish information " , and
paragraph (b )( ii) and (iii) .
Section 85(2) .
Sections 92 and 93.
In section 102( 2) the definition
of " officer ".
Section 103 .
Sections 105 and 106.
Section 109(1 )( f) .
In Schedule 5 the entries
relating to sections 3, 5 and 11
of the Insurance Companies
Act 1958.
In Schedule 6 the entries
relating to section 17 of , and
Schedule 2 paragraph 10 and
Schedule 3 to, the Insurance
Companies Act 1958.
The Post Office Act 1969. In Part III of Schedule 6 the
entry relating to Schedule 3
to the Insurance Companies
Act 1958 .
SCHEDULE 3
APPLICATION TO NORTHERN IRELAND
General modifications
1. For references to the Secretary of State there shall be sub-
stituted references to the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland
and for the words " he " and " him " referring to the Secretary of
State wherever they occur there shall be substituted the words " the
Ministry".
2. For the words " the Act of 1967 " and the words " the Act of
1958 " there shall be substituted the words " the Act of 1968 " .
Section 56.
1780 c. 58 Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
SCH. 3
Authorisation of insurance companies
3. In section 1, in subsection (1), for the words from " 62 " to
"
1967 ") " there shall be substituted " 5 of the Insurance Companies
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 ( hereafter referred to as " the Act of
1968 ") " ; and in subsections ( 3) and (4) for " 62" there shall be
substituted " 5 " .
4. In section 2, in subsection (1) for " 61 " there shall be sub-
stituted " 4 " and in subsections ( 3) and (6 ) for " Great Britain "
there shall be substituted " Northern Ireland ".
Accounts and statements
5. In section 3, in subsection (1) for the words from " 5 " to
" 1958 ") " there shall be substituted the words " 16 of the Act
of 1968 " and in subsections ( 2) and ( 3) for " 5 " there shall be
substituted " 16 ".
6. In section 4, in subsection (1) for " 8 " and " 9 " there shall
be substituted respectively " 19 " and " 21 " ; in subsection ( 3) for
" five " and " four " there shall be substituted respectively " four "
and " three " ; in subsection (4)(b) for " 5 " there shall be substituted
" 16 " ; subsection ( 5 ) shall be omitted ; and in subsection (6) for
" 8 " and " (3) " there shall be substituted respectively " 19 " and
( 4 ) ".66
7. In section 5( 4) for " Five " there shall be substituted " Four "
and for " 7 " and " 8 " there shall be substituted respectively " 18 "
and " 19 " .
Assets and liabilities attributable to long term business
8. In section 8( 2 ) for " 5 " there shall be substituted " 16 " .
9. In section 9, in subsection (3)(b) for " London and Edinburgh
Gazettes " there shall be substituted " Belfast Gazette " and in sub-
section ( 4) for " 5" there shall be substituted " 16".
10. In section 10 ( 7), in the definitions of " company " and " equity
share capital " for " 154(5) " there shall be substituted " 148( 5) " and
in those definitions and the definition of " share " for " 1948 " there
shall be substituted " ( Northern Ireland) 1960 ".
Powers of intervention
11. In section 12, in subsection ( 1) ( b) and (c ) the words " Part II
of the Act of 1967 " shall be omitted ; in subsection ( 2) for " 13(1 ) "
there shall be substituted " 25(1) " and for the words from " section
222 " to " 1948 " there shall be substituted " section 210 or 349 of the
Companies Act ( Northern Ireland) 1960 " ; and in subsection (4) for
" 61 " there shall be substituted " 4 ".
12. In section 18, in subsection ( 3) for " 5 " there shall be
substituted " 16 " ; and in subsection (4) for " Five " there shall be
substituted " Four " and for " 5 " and " 8 " there shall be respectively
substituted " 16 " and " 19 ".
13. In section 19(1) for " 8 " there shall be substituted " 19 ".
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
1781
14. In section 20, in subsection ( 3) for the word " him " where it
occurs for the second time there shall be substituted " the Ministry
or that person " and in subsection ( 6) for " 1948 " there shall be
substituted " ( Northern Ireland) 1960 ".
15. In section 22, in subsection (1)(b) for the words from " Depart-
ment " onwards there shall be substituted " Ministry appointed for
the purpose " and in subsection ( 5 ) for " Great Britain " there shall
be substituted " Northern Ireland ".
16. In section 23(1)(b) for the words from " Department " onwards
there shall be substituted " Ministry appointed for the purpose " .
17. In section 24, in subsection ( 4) for " London and Edinburgh
Gazettes " there shall be substituted " Belfast Gazette " ; in sub-
section (5)(b) for " Northern Ireland " there shall be substituted
"Great Britain ", the word " appropriate " shall be omitted, for
" 73(1 ) " there shall be substituted " 101(1) " and for " 1965 " there
shall be substituted " (Northern Ireland ) 1969 " ; in subsection ( 7) for
"
71 (1 ) " and " 1965 " there shall be respectively substituted " 97 "
and " 1969 ", for the word " Treasury " there shall be substituted
the words " Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland " and the
word " appropriate " where it twice occurs shall be omitted.
18. In section 25, in subsection (1) for " 37(1 ) " there shall be sub-
"
stituted " 57(1) " and the words from " Part " to 1967 " shall be
omitted ; and in subsection (2) for " 37(1) " there shall be substituted
" 57(1) " .
SCH. 3
Transfers of long term business
19. In section 26, in subsection ( 3) for " London and Edinburgh
Gazettes " and " Great Britain " there shall be substituted respec-
tively " Belfast Gazette " and " Northern Ireland " ; in subsection
( 6 ) for " 61 " there shall be substituted " 4 " ; in subsection (7) for
"206 or 208 " there shall be substituted " 197 or 199 " and for
" 1948" there shall be substituted ( Northern Ireland) 1960 " ;
in subsection ( 8) for the words from " England except " onwards
there shall be substituted " Northern Ireland " ; in subsection (9) for
" Northern Ireland " where it occurs for the first and second time
there shall be substituted " Great Britain" and for the words
" Northern Ireland " where they subsequently occur there shall be
substituted " England or the Court of Session in Scotland " ; and in
subsection ( 10) for " Great Britain " there shall be substituted
" Northern Ireland " .
20. In section 27, in subsection (3) for " 1948 ", " 56( 4) " and
" Act 1946 " there shall be substituted respectively " ( Northern Ire-
land ) 1960 " , " 27(4) " and " (No. 2) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1946 " ;
in subsection ( 4) for " 1948 " there shall be substituted " ( Northern
Ireland) 1960 " ; and after subsection ( 5 ) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
( 6 ) Where a scheme is under section 26 of this Act in its
application to Great Britain sanctioned by an order of the
High Court of Justice in England or the Court of Session in
1782 c .58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
SCH. 3 Scotland and the transferee company carries on insurance busi-
ness in Northern Ireland, that company shall, within ten days
from the date on which the order is made or such longer period
as the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland may allow,
deposit two office copies of the order with that Ministry." .
Insolvency and winding up
21. In section 28, in subsection (1), for the words from " sub-
sections ( 1) " to " 1958 " there shall be substituted the words " sub-
section ( 1 ) of section 25 of the Act of 1968 and subsection ( 4 ) of
section 5 of that Act as applied by subsection (2 ) of the said section
25 " ; in subsections ( 2), ( 4), (5) and (6 ) for " 13 " there shall be
substituted " 25 " ; in subsection ( 4 ) for " (3) " there shall be sub-
stituted " (5) " ; and in subsection (6 ) for the words " two hundred
and twenty- two " there shall be substituted " 210 ", for " 1948 " where
twice occurring there shall be substituted " ( Northern Ireland) 1960
and for " 222 and 399 " there shall be substituted " 210 and 349 " .
22. In section 29, in subsections ( 1) and ( 2 ) for the words " Com-
panies Act 1948 " and " Act of 1948 " wherever they occur there
shall be respectively substituted " Companies Act ( Northern Ireland)
1960 " and " Act of 1960 " ; in subsection ( 2) for " 15 " there shall be
substituted " 42 " and for the words " Northern Ireland " there shall
be substituted " Great Britain " ; in paragraph (a) for " sections 222
and 223 " where they twice occur there shall be substituted " section
211 ", for " sections two hundred and twenty- two and two hundred
and twenty- three " there shall be substituted " section 211 ", for
" 399 " there shall be substituted " 349 " ; and in paragraph (b) the
words from " Part II ” to “ 1967 " shall be omitted;
and for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection:-
" (4) At the end of section 317 of the Companies Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1960 there shall be added the words " and for
determining the amount of the liabilities of an insurance com-
pany to policy holders of any class or description for the purpose
of proof in a winding up and generally for carrying into effect
the provisions of the Insurance Companies Act ( Northern Ire-
land) 1968 and the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
with respect to the winding up of insurance companies . " .
23. In section 30, in subsection (5 ) for the words from "the
generality " to " 1948 " there shall be substituted " section 21 of the
Interpretation Act ( Northern Ireland) 1954 and section 317 of the
Companies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1960 rules of court ", in paragraph
(b) for " 319 " and " 1948 " there shall be respectively substituted
" 287 " and " 1960 " ; subsection (6 ) shall be omitted and in sub-
section ( 7 ) for " 333(1) " and " 1948 " there shall be respectively
substituted " 299( 1 ) " and " 1960 ”.
24. In section 31, for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted : -
" ( 4 ) A special manager appointed under subsection (3) above
shall give such security and account in such manner as the
Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland directs and shall
receive such remuneration as may be fixed by the court. " ;
and in subsection ( 7) for " 245(1 ) " and " 1948 " there shall be sub-
stituted respectively " 227( 1 ) " and " ( Northern Ireland) 1960 ".
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c. 58
1783
Valuation regulations
25. In section 32, in subsection (3) for the words from the
beginning to " 1967 " there shall be substituted " Paragraph (a) of
section 5(4) of the Act of 1968 and that paragraph as applied by
section 25(2) of that Act " .
Changes of director, controller or manager
26. In sections 33(3) ( b) and 34( 2)( b), for the words from " Depart-
ment " to the end there shall be substituted " Ministry appointed for
the purpose " .
Miscellaneous
27. In section 36, in subsection (1) for " 8 " there shall be substi-
tuted " 19 " ; and in subsection ( 3) for " 76(1) " there shall be sub-
stituted " 19(7) " .
28. In section 37, in subsection ( 2) the words " Part II of " shall
be omitted , in subsection ( 4 ) for " section 4", " section 5 ", " section
7" and " section 13 " there shall be respectively substituted " section
15 ", " section 16", " section 18" and " section 25 " .
29. In section 38( 4 ) for " 4, 5, 7, 8, 9 and 13 " there shall be sub-
stituted " 15, 16, 18, 19, 21 and 25 " .
30. In section 39, subsections (1) and ( 2) shall be omitted ; in
subsection (3) for the word " Commissioner " there shall be sub-
stituted " Industrial Assurance Commissioner for Northern Ireland " ;
in subsection ( 5 ) for " 4 of " and " 5, 7 and 8 " there shall be sub-
stituted respectively " 15 of " and " 16, 18 and 19 ".
31. Section 40 shall be omitted.
32. In section 43( 2) for the words " Great Britain " there shall be
substituted the words " Northern Ireland " .
33. In section 44 for the words " Part II ", " Secretary of State
"
and " section 59(6) " there shall be substituted respectively the words
" section 3 ", " Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland " and
" the definition of ' ordinary long-term insurance business ' in section
72 (1) " .
34. In section 46 for " 26 " and " 1889 " there shall be substituted
respectively " 24 " and " ( Northern Ireland) 1954 " .
35. In section 47 for the words " section 59( 6) ", " Part II " and
66
Secretary of State " there shall be substituted respectively the words
6
" the definition of ordinary long-term insurance business ' in section
66
72(1 ) " , " section 3 " and Ministry of Commerce for Northern
Ireland ".
36. In section 48 for " 13(1) " , " 1958 " and " 26(1) " there shall be
substituted respectively " 12(1) " " ( Northern Ireland ) 1940 " and
" 22(1 ) " .
37. Sections 49 and 51 shall be omitted.
Supplementary
38. In section 52, in subsection (3)( b) after " 27(5) " there shall
be inserted 66
or (6) " ; in subsection ( 4) for paragraph ( a) there shall
be substituted " (a) section 5( 4), 18(4) or 39( 3) above or section 19( 1 )
or 20(1) of the Act of 1968 ; or " in subsection ( 7) for " 89 ", " 88 ",
SCH. 3
1784 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
SCH. 3 " 90 " and " 91 " there shall be respectively substituted " 64 ", " 63 ",
" 65 " and " 66 " and the words " Part II of " where they twice occur
shall be omitted ; and in subsection ( 8) for " 60( 4), 84(2) and 85( 1 ) "
there shall be substituted " 3( 3), 37( 2) and 62 ".
39. In section 53, in subsection ( 1) for the words from the beginning
to " Parliament) " there shall be substituted the words " Section 69
of the Act of 1968 ( which provides that regulations for the purposes
of that Act are to be made by the Ministry of Commerce for
Northern Ireland and are to be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of either House of the Parliament of Northern Ireland ) " ;
and for subsection (2) there shall be substituted-
" ( 2 ) No order shall be made under section 1 or 28 above
unless a draft of it has been approved by resolution of each
House of the Parliament of Northern Ireland. "
40. In section 54, in subsections (1) and ( 3) for " Schedule 1 " and
" Schedule 2 " there shall be substituted respectively " Schedule 4 "
and " Schedule 5 " ; subsection ( 2) shall be omitted ; in subsection
( 4) for " 65, 68 and 80 " and " 68 " there shall be respectively sub-
stituted " 8, 11 and 31 " and " 11 " and the words " and subsection
(1)(f ) of section 109 " and paragraph (c) shall be omitted ; in sub-
section (5) for the words from " paragraph 10 " to " 1967 " there
shall be substituted " section 24 of, or paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to,
the Act of 1968 " and for " 4( 5 ) ", " 7( 2) " and " 34( 5) " there shall
be respectively substituted " 15( 5) " , " 18(2) " and " 69( 3) " ; in sub-
section (6) for " 93 " there shall be substituted " 14 (3) " ; subsection
( 7 ) shall be omitted ; and in subsection ( 8) for " 38 " and " 1889 "
there shall be respectively substituted " 28 " and 66
( Northern Ire-
land ) 1954 " .
41. In section 55, in subsection (1) for the definition of " the Act
of 1958 " and " the Act of 1967 " there shall be substituted " " the
Act of 1968 ' means the Insurance Companies Act ( Northern Ireland )
1968 " ; in the definition of " ordinary long-term insurance business
"
for " 59(6) " there shall be substituted " 72(1) " and after the definition
of " long-term policy holder " there shall be inserted the following
definition-
" registrar of companies " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 399( 1 ) of the Companies Act (Northern Ireland)
1960 ;
66
in subsection ( 2 ) for " 3(1) " there shall be substituted 14(1) " ;
in subsection ( 3) for " 33(1) and (6 ) " there shall be substituted " 72 "
and the words from " and sections " to " the Act of 1967 " and " and
Part II of the Act of 1967 " shall be omitted ; and in subsection (5)
for " 60 to 69 and section 104 " there shall be substituted " 3 to 12 " ;
and after subsection (5) there shall be inserted-
" (6) Except when the context otherwise requires, references
in this Act to any other enactment including an enactment of
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58
1785
the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall be construed as
references to that enactment as amended by or under any
subsequent such enactment including this Act. " .
42. In section 57, subsection ( 2 ) shall be omitted ; in subsection
( 4 ) for " 11 and 12 " and " 11 " there shall be respectively substituted
"40 and 41 " and " 40 " and the words " and the Act of 1967 " shall
be omitted ; in subsection ( 5) for " 17( 2) and (3) " there shall be
substituted " 44(2) and (3) " ; in subsection (6 ) for " 25 " there shall
be substituted " 56 " ; and in subsection (7 ) for " 82 and 83 " in both
places there shall be substituted " 22 and 23 ".
43. Schedules 1 and 2 shall be omitted.
SCHEDULE 4
NORTHERN IRELAND : MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Insurance Companies Act (Northern Ireland ) 1968
1. In section 4( 2) after the words " Subject to the following pro-
visions of this Part " there shall be inserted the words " and section
2 of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
2. In section 5( 4 ) after " (a ) " there shall be inserted the words
"subject to any applicable valuation regulations made by virtue
of section 32(2) of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 ".
3. In section 16 (1) for the words " ordinary long-term insurance
business or industrial assurance business " there shall be substituted
the words " long-term business ".
4. In section 19, in subsection ( 5 ) for the words " accepted by
them as complying " there shall be substituted the words " being
documents which comply " and for " 1967 " there shall be sub-
stituted " 1973 " ; for subsection ( 6 ) there shall be substituted the
following subsection-
"( 6 ) The company shall forward by post or otherwise to
any shareholder or policy holder who applies for one-
( a ) a printed copy of any of the documents last deposited
under subsection ( 1) ;
( b ) a copy of any document supplied to the Ministry under
subsection (2) which relates to any of those documents ;
(c ) a copy of any report deposited with any of those docu-
ments under subsection ( 4 ) ” ;
and in subsection (9) for the words " account, balance sheet
abstract or statement " there shall be substituted the word
" document ".
5. For section 20( 3) there shall be substituted-
" ( 3) Section 97( 1) of the Industrial and Provident Societies
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1969 shall have effect as if the reference
to documents in the custody of the registrar under that Act
included a reference to documents deposited with the registrar
by virtue of this section. "
SCH . 3
Section 54 and
paragraph 40 of
Schedule 3.
1968 c. 6 ( Ν.Ι. ).
1786 c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
SCH. 4 6. In section 25-
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " the provisions of this Act
ود
as to winding up there shall be substituted the words
" the provisions of this Act and of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 as to winding up ".
(b ) in subsection (6 ) for the words " section 14 " there shall be
substituted the words " section 30 of the Insurance Com-
panies Amendment Act 1973 " .
7. In section 33(1) after the words " section 32 " there shall be
inserted the words " of this Act or section 20 of the Insurance
Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
8. In section 34(1)
( a ) after the words " section 32 or 33 " there shall be inserted
the words " of this Act or section 20( 2) to ( 4) of the
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " ;
( b) in paragraphs (a) and (b) after the words " this Act " there
shall be inserted the words
66
or the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 ".
9. In section 38-
( a ) in subsection (1) after the words " section 32 " there shall
be inserted the words " of this Act or any requirement
imposed under section 20( 2) to ( 4) of the Insurance Com-
panies Amendment Act 1973 " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2) at the end there shall be added the words
66
or section 20(2) to (4) of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 " .
10. In section 44(1) for the words from " at the close of the period "
to " 1947 " there shall be substituted the words-
" ( a ) at the close of the period to which-
(i) the accounts and balance sheet of the company
last deposited under section 19 of this Act ; or
(ii ) any statement of the company last deposited under
section 5 of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act
,1973
relate ; or
(b ) at any date or time specified in a requirement under section
18 or 20 of that Act ; ".
11. In section 52 for the word " constituted " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " incorporated " .
66
12. In section 54 the words from on the application " to
" applies " shall be omitted and for the words " that insurance
company " there shall be substituted the words 66
an insurance com-
pany to which this Act applies " .
13. In section 58 after the words " this Act " (in both places) there
shall be inserted the words " or the Insurance Companies Amend-
ment Act 1973 ".
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 c.58
1787
14. In section 61 after the word " Act " there shall be inserted the
words " and the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
15. In section 70 after the words " this Act " there shall be inserted
the words " or the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " .
16. In section 72( 1) in the definition of " insolvent ", for the words
" sections 210 and 211 " there shall be substituted the words 66
sec-
tions 210 and 211 or section 349 " .
17. In Schedule 2, in paragraph 3 after the words " this Act "
"
there shall be inserted the words or the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 " .
SCH. 4
SCHEDULE 5
NORTHERN IRELAND REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
1947 c. 1 (N.I. ). TheAssuranceCompanies
Act (Northern Ireland)
1947.
1960 с. 22
( N.I.).
1968 c. 6 (N.I.).
The Companies Act
( Northern Ireland) 1960.
The Insurance Companies
Act (Northern Ireland)
1968.
Section 9.
Section 122( 4)(b).
In section 3(1)(a) and (2)(a),
the words " incorporated,
whether under the Companies
Act (Northern Ireland) 1960
or otherwise ".
Sections 7 to 9.
Section 11 .
In section 13 the words " or in
purported compliance with a
requirement imposed under
section 8 to furnish informa-
tion ".
Section 14.
Section 15(5) .
Section 18( 2) .
In section 19, in subsection (1)
the words " or manager
and in subsection ( 5 ) the
"
words from except" to
“ 18".
Sections 22, 23 and 24.
Section 25( 3), (4) and ( 7) .
Section 31.
Section 35 .
Sections 40 and 41 .
In section 42( 1) the words
" (not being a company regis-
tered or having its head office
in Great Britain) " .
Section 44(2) and (3) .
In section 54 the words from
" on the application " to
" applies ".
Section 56.
Section 59 .
Section 60.
Section 54 and
paragraph 40 of
Schedule 3.
1788 SCH. 5
c. 58
Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
Chapter
1968 с. 6
( Ν.Ι.) .
-cont.
1969 с. 48.
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Insurance Companies
Act (Northern Ireland )
1968. -cont.
Sections 67 and 68.
Section 69(3) .
In section 72(1) the definition
of " officer " and in the defi-
nition of " policy " the words
( except capital redemption"
business ) ".
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 1 ,
in sub-paragraph ( 2 ) the
figures " 31 " and " 41 " and
sub-paragraphs ( 3)( a ) and (c )
and ( 7) to ( 11 ), and paга-
graphs 5 and 6.
Schedules 3 and 4.
The Post Office Act 1969. In Part III of Schedule 6 the
entry relating to the Insurance
Companies Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1968.
c. 59 1789
NOHO
DIEUET
PENSE
DROIT
Education (Scotland)
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 59
An Act to make provision with regard to the powers of the
Secretary of State under sections 1 ( 2) and 76(1) of the
Education (Scotland ) Act 1962, and under the said
section 1 ( 2), as re-enacted as section 2 of the said Act of
1962 by the Education (Scotland) Act 1969, in relation
to the employment of teachers, and for purposes
connected therewith. [25th October 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1 ) It is hereby declared that the power of the Secretary ofEmployment
of teachers.
State to make regulations under section 1(2) of the Education
( Scotland) Act 1962, as originally enacted, and as re-enacted as
1962 с. 47.
section 2 by the Education (Scotland) Act 1969 includes power
1969 с. 49.
(and shall be deemed always to have included power on and after
1st November 1965) to prescribe in such regulations that only
registered teachers shall be employed or continue to be employed
as teachers by education authorities in the educational establish-
ments to which the regulations apply, subject to such exceptions
as may from time to time be so prescribed.
( 2) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that the
power of the Secretary of State to make regulations under section
76( 1 ) of the said Act of 1962 includes power (and shall be deemed
always to have included power on and after 1st November 1965)
to prescribe in such regulations that only registered teachers
Part III C
1790 c. 59
Education (Scotland ) Act 1973
S.I. 1956
No. 894
( S. 40 ) .
S.I. 1967
No. 1162
(S. 95).
Interpretation
and citation.
shall be employed or continue to be employed as teachers by
managers of educational establishments in the educational
establishments to which the regulations apply, subject to such
exceptions as may from time to time be so prescribed.
( 3 ) For the avoidance ofdoubt, it is hereby declared that in the
Schools (Scotland ) Code 1956, as amended by the Teachers
( Education, Training and Registration ) (Scotland) Regulations
1967, regulation 4( 2) shall be construed as having always applied
to teachers in employment on 1st April 1968, as well as to teachers
taken into employment after that date.
2. (1) This Act shall be construed as one with the Education
( Scotland ) Acts 1939 to 1971 .
( 2 ) This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Act
1973 and along with the Education ( Scotland ) Acts 1939 to 1971
may be cited as the Education (Scotland ) Acts 1939 to 1973 .
c . 60 1791
DIEUETMON DROLL
SINOH ?
PENSE
Breeding
1973 CHAPTER 60
of Dogs
Act 1973
AnAct to regulate the commercial breeding of dogs; to
provide for inspection ofpremises at which dogs are bred
and for control over the transportation of puppies ; and
for purposes connected with those matters.
[25th October 1973]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1 ) No person shall keep a breeding establishment for dogs Licensing
except under the authority of a licence granted in accordance of breeding
with the provisions of this Act.
establishments
for dogs.
( 2 ) Every local authority may, on application being made to
them for that purpose by a person who is not for the time being
disqualified-
( a ) under this Act, from keeping a breeding establishment
for dogs; or
( b) under the Pet Animals Act 1951 , from keeping a pet 1951 c. 35.
shop; or
( c ) under the Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) Act 1933 c. 17.
1933, from keeping a dog; or
( d ) under the Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) 1934 c. 25.
( Scotland) Act 1934, from keeping a dog; or
( e ) under the Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act 1954, 1954 с. 40.
from having the custody of animals ; or
( f) under the Animal Boarding Establishments Act 1963, 1963 с. 43.
from the boarding of animals,
and on payment of a fee of two pounds or such sum as the
Secretary of State may by order determine, grant a licence to
Part III C2
1792 c . 60
Breeding of Dogs Act 1973
that person to keep a breeding establishment for dogs at such
premises in their area as may be specified in the application and
subject to compliance with such conditions as may be specified
in the licence.
( 3) Any order made under this section shall be made by
statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament and
may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in like
manner.
( 4 ) In determining whether to grant a licence for the keeping
of a breeding establishment for dogs by any person at any
premises, a local authority shall in particular ( but without pre-
judice to their discretion to withhold a licence on other grounds)
have regard to the need for securing-
( a ) that the dogs will at all times be kept in accommodation
suitable as respects construction, size of quarters,
number of occupants, exercising facilities, temperature,
lighting, ventilation and cleanliness ;
( b ) that the dogs will be adequately supplied with suitable
food, drink and bedding material, adequately exercised,
and ( so far as necessary) visited at suitable intervals ;
( c ) that all reasonable precautions will be taken to prevent
and control the spread among dogs of infectious or
contagious diseases ;
( d ) that appropriate steps will be taken for the protection of
the dogs in case of fire or other emergency;
( e ) that all appropriate steps will be taken to secure that
the dogs will be provided with suitable food, drink and
bedding material and adequately exercised when being
transported to or from the breeding establishment ;
and shall specify such conditions in the licence, if granted by
them, as appear to the local authority necessary or expedient in
the particular case for securing all the objects specified in para-
graphs ( a) to (e) of this subsection.
( 5 ) Any person aggrieved by the refusal of a local authority to
grant such a licence, or by any condition subject to which such a
licence is proposed to be granted, may appeal to a magistrates'
court; and the court may on such an appeal give such directions
with respect to the issue of a licence or, as the case may be, with
respect to the conditions subject to which a licence is to be granted
as it thinks proper.
( 6 ) Any such licence shall ( according to the applicant's require-
ments) relate to the year in which it is granted or to the next
following year. In the former case, the licence shall come into
force at the beginning of the day on which it is granted, and in
Breeding of Dogs Act 1973 c .60
1793
the latter case it shall come into force at the beginning of the
next following year.
( 7 ) Subject to the provisions hereinafter contained with respect
to cancellation, any such licence shall remain in force until the
end of the year to which it relates and shall then expire.
( 8) In the event of the death of a person who is keeping a
breeding establishment for dogs at any premises under the
authority of a licence granted under this Act, that licence shall
be deemed to have been granted to his personal representatives
in respect of those premises and shall, notwithstanding subsection
(7 ) of this section ( but subject to the provisions hereinafter con-
tained with respect to cancellation ), remain in force until the end
of the period of three months beginning with the death and
shall then expire :
Provided that the local authority by whom the licence was
granted may from time to time, on the application of those
representatives, extend or further extend the said period of three
months if the authority are satisfied that the extension is necessary
for the purpose of winding up the deceased's estate and that no
other circumstances make it undesirable.
( 9 ) Any person who contravenes the provisions of subsection
(1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence; and if any condi-
tion subject to which a licence is granted in accordance with the
provisions of this Act is contravened or not complied with, the
person to whom the licence was granted shall be guilty of an
offence .
(10 ) In the application of this section to Scotland, in subsection
( 5 ) for any reference to a magistrates' court there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the sheriff.
2.(1) A local authority may authorise in writing any of its Inspection
officers or any veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner to of breeding
inspect ( subject to compliance with such precautions as the establishments
authority may specify to prevent the spread among animals of for dogs.
infectious or contagious diseases) any premises in their area as
respects which a licence granted in accordance with the provisions
ofthis Act is for the time being in force, and any person authorised
under this section may, on producing his authority if so required,
enter any such premises at all reasonable times and inspect them
and any animals found thereon or any thing therein, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether an offence has been or is being
committed against this Act.
( 2 ) Any person who wilfully obstructs or delays any person in
the exercise of his powers of entry or inspection under this section
shall be guilty of an offence.
Part III C3
c .60
1794 Breeding ofDogs Act 1973
Offences and
disqualifica-
tions.
1911 с. 27.
1912 с. 14.
1951 с. 35.
1963 с. 43.
Power of local
authorities to
prosecute.
Interpretation . 1950 с. 36.
1972 с. 70.
3.- (1 ) Any person guilty of an offence under any provision
of this Act other than the last foregoing section shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.
( 2 ) Any person guilty of an offence under the last foregoing
section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £100.
( 3) Where a person is convicted of any offence under this Act
or of any offence under the Protection of Animals Act 1911 or
the Protection of Animals ( Scotland ) Act 1912, the Pet Animals
Act 1951 or the Animal Boarding Establishments Act 1963, the
court by which he is convicted may cancel any licence held by
him under this Act, and may, whether or not he is the holder of
such a licence, disqualify him from keeping a breeding establish-
ment for dogs for such period as the court thinks fit.
( 4 ) A court which has ordered the cancellation of a person's
licence, or his disqualification, in pursuance of the last foregoing
subsection may, if it thinks fit, suspend the operation of the order
pending an appeal.
4. A local authority in England or Wales may prosecute
proceedings for any offence under this Act committed in the
area of the authority.
5. (1) References in this Act to the keeping by any person of
abreeding establishment for dogs shall be construed as references
to the carrying on by that person at premises of any nature
(including a private dwelling ) of a business of breeding dogs,
with a view to their being sold in the course of such business,
whether by the keeper thereof or by any other person:
Provided that nothing in this Act shall apply to the keeping of
a dog at any premises in pursuance of a requirement imposed
under, or having effect by virtue of , the Diseases of Animals Act
1950.
( 2 ) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the
following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively
assigned to them, that is to say:-
" breeding establishment " means any premises (including a
private dwelling ) where more than two bitches are kept
for the purpose of breeding for sale ;
" local authority " means the council of a London borough
or of a district as defined in relation to England in
section 270( 1 ) of the Local Government Act 1972 or of
a district mentioned in section 20 ( 3) of that Act (which
relates to Wales) or the Common Council of the City
of London; and in Scotland means the council of any
county or burgh;
Breeding of Dogs Act 1973 c.60
1795
" veterinary practitioner "
means a person who is for the
time being registered in the supplementary veterinary
register ;
66 veterinary surgeon " means a person who is for the time
being registered in the register of veterinary surgeons.
6. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, a person who, Transitional
immediately before the date of the commencement of this Act, provision .
was keeping a breeding establishment for dogs at any premises,
and who is not disqualified as mentioned in section 1( 2 ) of this
Act, shall be entitled to keep such an establishment at those
premises without a licence under this Act
( a ) for the period of ninety days beginning with that date;
and
( b ) if before the expiration of that period he applies for a
licence under this Act in respect of those premises, until
the licence is granted or finally refused or the application
is withdrawn.
7.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Breeding ofDogs Act 1973. Short title,
extent and
( 2 ) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
commence-
( 3) This Act shall come into operation on 1st April 1974.
ment.
Part III C4
с. 61 1797
NOHP
DIEUET
PENSE
MON DROIT
Pensioners' Payments and
National Insurance Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 61
An Act to make provision for payments to pensioners ; to
increase the rate of certain contributions under the
National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1973 and the National
Insurance Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1973 ; to
amend the provisions of the National Insurance ( In-
dustrial Injuries ) Act 1965 and the National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966
relating to pneumoconiosis, and to make provision for
facilitating the consolidation of certain enactments
relating to social security; and for connected purposes.
[25th October 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any person who- Lump sum
( a) has attained pensionable age not later than the end of payments to
pensioners,the relevant week ;
(b) is present or ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom
or any other member state of the Communities at
any time during that week ; and
( c ) is entitled to a payment of a qualifying benefit in
respect of a period including a day in that week or is
to be treated as entitled to a payment of a qualifying
benefit, other than a supplementary pension, in respect
of that period ;
shall be entitled to payment by the Secretary of State of a sum
of £10.
1798 1966 с. 20.
1966 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
Interpretation
of provisions
as to lump
sum payments.
с .61
Pensioners ' Payments and National
Insurance Act 1973
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any person entitled to
a payment under subsection ( 1 ) above shall, if his spouse satisfies
the conditions mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that sub-
section and if-
( a ) he is entitled in respect of that spouse to an increase
in the payment of qualifying benefit mentioned in
paragraph (c) of that subsection ; or
( b) he is to be treated as so entitled and the relevant
qualifying benefit is not a supplementary pension ; or
( c ) his and his spouse's requirements and resources fall to be
aggregated under paragraph 3( 1 ) of Schedule 2 to
either the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 or the
Supplementary Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966;
be entitled to payment by the Secretary of State of a further
sum of £10.
( 3) Only one sum shall be payable under this section in
respect of any person.
( 4) Sums payable under this section shall not be treated as
benefit for the purposes of any Act or instrument under which
the payment of qualifying benefit was made.
( 5 ) The payment of a sum under this section and the right
to receive it shall be disregarded for all purposes of income
tax and for the purposes of any enactment or instrument under
which regard is had to a person's means.
2.- (1 ) In this Act " qualifying benefit " means-
( a) any of the following benefits under the National Insur-
ance Acts 1965 to 1973 or the National Insurance Acts
( Northern Ireland) 1966 to 1973, namely-
(i) a retirement pension ;
(ii) an invalidity pension ;
(iii) a widow's allowance, widowed mother's
allowance or widow's pension ;
( b ) an attendance allowance ;
( c ) an unemployability supplement or allowance ;
(d ) a war disablement pension ;
(e) a war widow's pension ;
( f ) a widow's pension under the National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1973 or the National
Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Acts ( Northern Ireland)
1966 to 1973 ;
( g ) a widower's pension under those Acts ;
( h) a supplementary pension.
Pensioners ' Payments and National Insurance Act 1973
c . 61
1799
( 2 ) In this Act-
" attendance allowance " has the meaning assigned to it by
any regulations in force on the passing of this Act
under the Family Income Supplements Act 1970 or 1970 с. 55.
the Family Income Supplements Act ( Northern 1971 с. 8
Ireland ) 1971 ;
( Ν.Ι.).
ود
" pensionable age means
( a ) inthe case of a man, the age of 65 ;
( b) in the case of a woman, the age of 60 ;
" relevant week " means the week beginning with the 26th
November 1973 ;
" retirement pension " includes graduated retirement
benefit, if paid periodically ;
" supplementary pension " means a supplementary pension
under section 4(1)( a) of the Supplementary Benefit 1966 c. 20.
Act 1966 or section 3( 1) ( a) of the Supplementary 1966 с. 28
Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 ; ( Ν.Ι.) .
" unemployability supplement or allowance " has the
meaning assigned to it by section 1( 3) of the National 1972 с. 57.
Insurance Act 1972 ;
" war disablement pension " means-
( a) any retired pay, pension or allowance granted
in respect of disablement under powers conferred
by or under the Ministry of Pensions Act 1916, the 1916 с. 65.
Air Force (Constitution) Act 1917, the Personal 1917 c. 51.
Injuries ( Emergency Provisions) Act 1939, the Pen- 1939 c. 82.
sions ( Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile 1939 c. 83.
Marine) Act 1939, the Polish Resettlement Act 1947, 1947 c. 19.
the Home Guard Act 1951 or the Ulster Defence 1951 c. 8.
Regiment Act 1969 ; 1969 с. 65.
( b) without prejudice to paragraph (a ) of this
definition, any retired pay or pension to which
section 365(1 ) of the Income and Corporation Taxes 1970 с. 10.
Act 1970 applies ;
" war widow's pension " means any widow's pension or
allowance granted in respect of a death due to service
or war injury and payable by virtue of any enactment
mentioned in paragraph (a ) of the immediately preced-
ing definition or a pension or allowance for a widow
granted under any scheme mentioned in paragraph (e)
of the said section 365(1 ) ;
and each of the following, that is to say , " attendance allow-
66
ance " , " unemployability supplement or allowance", war
disablement pension " and " war widow's pension ", includes
1800 1965 с. 51 .
1966 с. 6
( Ν.Ι.) .
1973 с. 42.
1965 с . 52.
1966 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.).
c.61
Pensioners ' Payments and National
Insurance Act 1973
any payment which the Secretary of State accepts as being
analogous to it.
( 3) For the purposes of section 1 above the Channel Islands,
the Isle of Man and Gibraltar shall be treated as part of the
United Kingdom.
( 4) A person shall be treated for the purposes of section 1 ( 1 ) (c)
above as entitled to a payment of qualifying benefit if he would
be so entitled-
( a ) but for the fact that he is entitled to receive some other
payment payable out of public funds ;
( b) but for the operation of section 30( 7) of the National
Insurance Act 1965 or section 29(7) of the National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 ; or
( c ) but for the terms of any arrangement to which section 4
of the National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973 applies and by which he is bound.
( 5) A person shall be treated for the purposes of section
1 (2)(b) above as entitled in respect of his spouse to an increase
in a payment of qualifying benefit if he would be so entitled-
( a) but for the fact that he or his spouse is entitled to
receive some other payment payable out of public
funds ; or
( b) but for the operation of any provision of section 30( 7)
or 43A( 1 ) or (2) of the said Act of 1965, or section
18 ( 3A) of the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries)
Act 1965 or any regulations made under section 18(3)
of the latter Act, or of section 29(7) or 42A( 1 ) or (2)
of the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland )
1966, or section 18(3A ) of the National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries ) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 or
any regulations made under section 18(3) of the latter
Act, whereby entitlement to benefit is affected by the
amount of a person's earnings in a given period.
( 6) A person shall not be treated for the purposes of section
1 above as entitled to a payment of a war disablement pension
unless not later than the end of the relevant week-
( a ) he has attained the age of 70 in the case of a man or
65 in the case of a woman ; or
( b) he is treated under section 30( 2) of the National Insur-
ance Act 1965 or section 29( 2) of the National Insur-
ance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 as having retired
from regular employment.
c. 61
Pensioners' Payments and National 1801
Insurance Act 1973
(7) Two persons who are cohabiting as man and wife shall
be treated as spouses for the purposes of section 1 above if-
( a) the qualifying benefit to which the man is entitled is a
supplementary pension ; and
( b) their requirements and resources fall to be aggregated
under paragraph 3(1) of Schedule 2 to either the
Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 or the Supplementary 1966 с. 20.
Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966. 1966 с. 28
(Ν.Ι.) .
3. ( 1 ) A determination by the competent authority that aAdministra-
person is entitled or not entitled to payment of a qualifying tion of lump
benefit in respect of a period including a day in the relevant sum payments.
week shall be conclusive for the purposes of section 1 above ;
and in this subsection " competent authority " means, in relation
to a payment of any description of qualifying benefit, an
authority who ordinarily determines whether a person is entitled
to such a payment.
( 2) Any question arising under section 1 or 2 above, other
than one mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, shall be determined
by the Secretary of State, whose decision shall, except as
provided by subsection (3) below, be final.
( 3) The Secretary of State may reverse a decision under sub-
section (2) above on new facts being brought to his notice, or
if he is satisfied that the decision was given in ignorance of,
or was based on a mistake as to, some material fact.
(4) The Secretary of State may-
(a) require any person to make a claim in writing for a
payment under section 1 above ;
( b) require such information and evidence to be furnished
by a person who has applied for a payment under that
section as may in the opinion of the Secretary of State
be necessary for the determination whether that person
is or was entitled to such a payment.
(5) The Secretary of State may make any payment under
section 1 above at any time and in any manner that he thinks
appropriate and, in particular, may make such a payment to
someone other than the person entitled to it, but on that person's
behalf, if in the circumstances of the case he considers it
appropriate so to do.
(6 ) The right of any person to payment of any sum under
section 1 above shall be extinguished if payment is not obtained
within twelve months, or such longer period as the Secretary of
State may in any particular case allow, from the date which
1802 Financial
provisions in
connection
with lump
sum payments.
с .61
Pensioners ' Payments and National
Insurance Act 1973
the Secretary of State determines to be the date on which that
person was entitled to that payment.
4.-(1) The following provisions shall have effect with respect
to the payment of sums under section 1 above, that is to say-
(a) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of
the relevant qualifying benefit out of the National
Insurance Fund or the Industrial Injuries Fund, any
sum paid to him under that section shall also be paid
out of the National Insurance Fund or the Industrial
Injuries Fund, as the case may be ;
(b) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of the
relevant qualifying benefit out of moneys provided
by Parliament, any sum paid to him under that section
shall be paid out of moneys so provided ;
( c) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of
the relevant qualifying benefit out of the Northern
Ireland National Insurance Fund or the Northern
Ireland Industrial Injuries Fund, any sum paid to him
under that section shall also be paid out of the
Northern Ireland National Insurance Fund or the
Northern Ireland Industrial Injuries Fund, as the case
may be ;
( d ) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of the
relevant qualifying benefit out of moneys appropriated
from the Northern Ireland Exchequer, any sum paid
to him under that section shall be paid out of moneys
so appropriated.
(2) All administrative costs incurred in Great Britain by any
Minister of the Crown or any Government department under
the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be defrayed out of
moneys provided by Parliament, but so much of any such costs as
relates to sums payable out of the National Insurance Fund or
the Industrial Injuries Fund shall be repaid into the Consoli-
dated Fund out of the National Insurance Fund, or the Industrial
Injuries Fund, as the case may be.
(3) All administrative costs incurred in Northern Ireland by
any Government department (including a department of the
Government of Northern Ireland) under the foregoing provisions
of this Act shall be paid out of moneys appropriated from the
Northern Ireland Exchequer, but so much of any such costs
as relates to sums payable out of the Northern Ireland
National Insurance Fund or the Northern Ireland Industrial
Injuries Fund shall be repaid into the Northern Ireland
Exchequer out of the Northern Ireland National Insurance Fund
or the Northern Ireland Industrial Injuries Fund, as the case
may be.
Pensioners ' Payments and National Insurance Act 1973
c. 61
1803
( 4) Where in consequence of the operation of any of the
foregoing provisions of this section any payments fall to be
made by way of adjustments into or out of any funds mentioned
in those provisions, those payments shall be taken to be such,
and payments on account of them shall be made at such times
and in such manner, as may be determined by the Secretary
of State, subject to any directions given by the Treasury.
5.- (1) The National Insurance Act 1965 and the National Increase in
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 shall each have effect as flat-rate
if in Schedule 1 to that Act ( which sets out the weekly rates of contributions.
contributions under that Act) the amounts of weekly contribu- 1965 c. 51 .
tions set out in Parts II to IV thereof payable by the descriptions 1966 c. 6
of persons set out in the first column of the following Table (in ( N.I.) .
the case of employers, in respect of the descriptions of employed
persons specified in that column) were increased by the amount
shown in the second column of that Table.
TABLE OF INCREASES IN CONTRIBUTIONS
Contributors Amount of increase
Employers, in respect of
employed persons of the
following descriptions-
Men over the age of 18... ... ...
9p
Women over the age of 18... ...
7p
Boys under the age of 18... ...
6p
Girls under the age of 18... ...
5p
Self- employed persons
... ... ... 6p
Non-employed persons
... 4p
(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament
any increase resulting from subsection (1) above in the sums
so payable by way of Exchequer supplement under section 7
of the National Insurance Act 1965.
( 3) There shall be paid out of moneys appropriated from the
Northern Ireland Exchequer any increase resulting from sub-
section ( 1) above in the sums so payable by way of Exchequer
supplement under section 7 of the National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
( 4 ) Any expression used in the National Insurance Act 1965
or in the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 and
in this section has the same meaning in this section as in that
Act; and the references in this section to employed persons
shall be construed in accordance with Part II of Schedule 1 to
that Act.
c.61
1804 Pensioners' Payments and National
Insurance Act 1973
Special
provisions
as to
pneumo- coniosis.
1965 с. 52.
1966 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.).
Consolidation
ofsocial
security
legislation.
Commence-
ment and
transitory
provision.
1965 с. 51 .
6.- (1) In section 58 of the National Insurance (Industrial
Injuries) Act 1965 (special provisions as to respiratory diseases)
after subsection ( 2) there shall be inserted the following sub-
section: -
66 ( 2A ) A person found to be suffering from pneumo-
coniosis shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as
suffering from a loss of faculty such that the extent of the
resulting disablement assessed in accordance with the pro-
visions of Schedule 4 to this Act amounts to not less than
one per cent. ".
(2 ) In section 56 of the National Insurance (Industrial In-
juries) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ( special provisions as to
respiratory diseases) after subsection ( 1) there shall be inserted
the following subsection : -
(1A ) A person found to be suffering from pneumo-
coniosis shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as
suffering from a loss of faculty such that the extent of the
resulting disablement assessed in accordance with the pro-
visions of Schedule 4 amounts to not less than one per
cent. ".
7.-( 1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such
modifications of the enactments listed in the Schedule to this
Act as She considers appropriate in connection with the con-
solidation ( whether or not in one Act) of all or any of those
enactments.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above, " modifications " includes addi-
tions, omissions and amendments.
(3) An Order under this section may be varied or revoked by
a subsequent Order thereunder.
( 4) A statutory instrument containing an Order under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament.
8. (1 ) Section 5 above shall come into operation on such
day as the Secretary of State may appoint by order made by
statutory instrument.
( 2 ) An order under subsection ( 1) above may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order thereunder.
(3) Section 108 of the National Insurance Act 1965 (pre-
liminary draft of regulations under that Act to be submitted to
National Insurance Advisory Committee) shall not apply to
any such regulations which are contained in a statutory instru-
ment made within the period of three months beginning with the
c 61
Pensioners' Payments and National 1805
Insurance Act 1973
date of the passing of this Act if the instrument states that it is
made in consequence of section 5 above.
9. (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Pensioners' Payments Supple-
and National Insurance Act 1973 . mentary.
( 2) So long as section 1 of the Northern Ireland ( Temporary 1972 с. 22.
Provisions) Act 1972 has effect , so much of this Act and of any
Order in Council under section 7 above as amends the law in
force in Northern Ireland may be amended or repealed by an
Order in Council under section 1( 3) of that Act.
(3) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland-
(a) for any reference to the Secretary of State there shall be
substituted a reference to the Ministry of Health and
Social Services for Northern Ireland ; and
(b) for any reference to the Treasury there shall be substi-
tuted a reference to the Ministry of Finance
for Northern Ireland .
( 4 ) In this Act " enactment " includes an enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland.
( 5) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires ,
references to any enactment shall be construed as a reference
to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by or under
any other enactment, including any enactment contained in this
Act .
1806 Section 7.
1973 с. 38.
c. 61
Pensioners ' Payments and National
Insurance Act 1973
SCHEDULE
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO SOCIAL SECURITY
National Insurance, etc.
The National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1973 .
The National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries ) Acts 1965 to 1973.
The National Insurance Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1973.
The National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries )Acts ( Northern Ireland )
1966 to 1973 .
The Industrial Injuries and Diseases ( Old Cases) Acts 1967 to
1973 .
The Workmen's Compensation ( Supplementation) Acts ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 to 1973 .
The Social Security Act 1973 .
Family Allowances
The Family Allowances Acts 1965 to 1968.
The Family Allowances Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1968.
Supplementary Benefit
The Supplementary Benefit Acts 1966 to 1973.
The Supplementary Benefits Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1973.
c. 62 1807
HONI
DIEUET
XPENSE
MON DROIT
Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 62
An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the
powers of courts to deal with offenders and defaulters,
to the treatment of offenders and to arrangements for
persons on bail . [ 25th October 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
POWERS OF COURTS TO DEAL WITH OFFENDERS
Preliminary
1.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Crown Deferment of
Court or a magistrates' court may defer passing sentence on sentence.
an offender for the purpose of enabling the court to have regard,
in determining his sentence, to his conduct after conviction
(including, where appropriate, the making by him of reparation
for his offence) or to any change in his circumstances .
( 2) Any deferment under this section shall be until such
date as may be specified by the court, not being more than six
months after the date of the conviction ; and where the passing
of sentence has been deferred under this section it shall not be
further deferred thereunder.
(3) The power conferred by this section shall be exercisable
only if the offender consents and the court is satisfied, having
regard to the nature of the offence and the character and
circumstances of the offender, that it would be in the interests of
justice to exercise the power .
1808 PART I
1952 с. 55.
Probation.
c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
( 4 ) A court which under this section has deferred passing
sentence on an offender may pass sentence on him before the
expiration of the period of deferment if during that period
he is convicted in Great Britain of any offence.
( 5) Where a court which under this section has deferred
passing sentence on an offender proposes to sentence him,
whether on the date originally specified by the court or by
virtue of subsection (4 ) above before that date, it may issue a
summons requiring him to appear before the court , or may issue
a warrant for his arrest.
( 6) Notwithstanding section 14( 4) of the Magistrates' Courts
Act 1952 (adjournment of trial ), a magistrates' court shall not
be obliged to remand an offender in whose case it defers the
passing of sentence under this section .
( 7) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Crown
Court to bind over an offender to come up for judgment when
called upon or the power of any court to defer passing sentence
for any purpose for which it may lawfully do so apart from
this section.
Probation and discharge
2.- ( 1 ) Where a court by or before which a person of or over
seventeen years of age is convicted of an offence (not being an
offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) is of opinion that
having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the
offence and the character of the offender, it is expedient to do
so, the court may, instead of sentencing him, make a probation
order, that is to say, an order requiring him to be under the
supervision of a probation officer for a period to be specified in
the order of not less than one year nor more than three years.
For the purposes of this subsection the age of a person shall
be deemed to be that which it appears to the court to be after
considering any available evidence.
(2) A probation order shall name the petty sessions area in
which the offender resides or will reside; and the offender shall
( subject to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act relating to
probationers who change their residence) be required to be under
the supervision of a probation officer appointed for or assigned
to that area.
66
In this Act supervising court " means, in relation to a
probation order, a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions
area for the time being named in the order .
( 3) Subject to the provisions of subsection ( 4 ) below and
sections 3 and 4 of this Act a probation order may in addition
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1809
require the offender to comply during the whole or any part
of the probation period with such requirements as the court,
having regard to the circumstances of the case, considers neces-
sary for securing the good conduct of the offender or for
preventing a repetition by him of the same offence or the com-
mission of other offences .
( 4) Without prejudice to the power of the court under section
35 of this Act to make a compensation order, the payment of
sums by way of damages for injury or compensation for loss
shall not be included among the requirements of a probation
order.
(5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3)
above, a probation order may include requirements relating to
the residence of the offender, but-
(a) before making an order containing any such require-
ments, the court shall consider the home surroundings
of the offender ; and
(b ) where the order requires the offender to reside in an
approved probation hostel, an approved probation
home or any other institution, the name of the insti-
tution and the period for which he is so required to
reside shall be specified in the order, and that period
shall not extend beyond twelve months from the date
of the order.
(6) Before making a probation order, the court shall explain
to the offender in ordinary language the effect of the order
(including any additional requirements proposed to be inserted
therein under subsection (3) or (5) above or under section 3 or
4 of this Act) and that if he fails to comply with it or commits
another offence he will be liable to be sentenced for the
original offence ; and the court shall not make the order unless
he expresses his willingness to comply with its requirements .
( 7 ) The court by which a probation order is made shall
forthwith give copies of the order to a probation officer
assigned to the court, and he shall give a copy to the offender,
to the probation officer responsible for the supervision of the
offender and to the person in charge of any institution in which
the probationer is required by the order to reside ; and the
court shall, except where it is itself the supervising court, send
to the clerk to the justices for the petty sessions area named in
the order a copy of the order, together with such documents and
information relating to the case as it considers likely to be of
assistance to the supervising court.
PART I
1810 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
(8) Where a probation order requires the offender to reside
in any institution, not being-
(a ) an approved probation hostel or approved probation
home; or
( b) an institution in which he is required to reside for the
purposes of any such treatment as is mentioned in
section 3(2) (a ) of this Act ;
the court shall forthwith give notice of the terms of the order
to the Secretary of State.
Probation
orders
3.-(1 ) Where the court is satisfied, on the evidence of a duly
qualified medical practitioner approved for the purposes of
requiring treatment for section 28 of the Mental Health Act 1959, that the mental
mental
condition of an offender is such as requires and may be susceptible
condition.
to treatment but is not such as to warrant his detention in pur-
1959 с. 72.
suance of a hospital order under Part V of that Act, the court
may, if it makes a probation order, include in it a requirement
that the offender shall submit, during the whole of the probation
period or during such part of that period as may be specified in
the order, to treatment by or under the direction of a duly
qualified medical practitioner with a view to the improvement of
the offender's mental condition.
( 2) The treatment required by any such order shall be such
one of the following kinds of treatment as may be specified in
the order, that is to say-
(a) treatment as a resident patient in a hospital or mental
nursing home within the meaning of the Mental Health
Act 1959, not being a special hospital within the mean-
ing of that Act ;
(b) treatment as a non-resident patient at such institution
or place as may be specified in the order ; or
( c) treatment by or under the direction of such duly quali-
fied medical practitioner as may be specified in the
order;
but the nature of the treatment shall not be specified in the order
except as mentioned in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above.
( 3) A court shall not by virtue of this section include in a
probation order a requirement that an offender shall submit to
treatment for his mental condition unless it is satisfied that
arrangements have been made for the treatment intended to be
specified in the order (including arrangements for the reception
of the offender where he is to be required to submit to treatment
as a resident patient ) .
( 4) While the probationer is under treatment as a resident
patient in pursuance of a requirement of the probation order, the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1811
probation officer responsible for his supervision shall carry out
PART I
the supervision to such extent only as may be necessary for the
purpose of the discharge or amendment of the order.
( 5) Where the medical practitioner by whom or under whose
direction a probationer is being treated for his mental condition
in pursuance of a probation order is of opinion that part of the
treatment can be better or more conveniently given in or at an
institution or place not specified in the order, being an
institution or place in or at which the treatment of the proba-
tioner will be given by or under the direction of a duly qualified
medical practitioner, he may, with the consent of the probationer,
make arrangements for him to be treated accordingly ; and the
arrangements may provide for the probationer to receive part
of his treatment as a resident patient in an institution or place
notwithstanding that the institution or place is not one which
could have been specified for that purpose in the probation
order.
(6 ) Where any such arrangements as are mentioned in sub-
section (5) above are made for the treatment of a probationer-
( a ) the medical practitioner by whom the arrangements are
made shall give notice in writing to the probation
officer responsible for the supervision of the proba-
tioner, specifying the institution or place in or at which
the treatment is to be carried out ; and
( b) the treatment provided for by the arrangements shall be
deemed to be treatment to which he is required to
submit in pursuance of the probation order.
(7) Subsections (2) and (3) of section 62 of the Mental Health 1959 с. 72.
Act 1959 shall have effect with respect to proof for the purposes
of subsection ( 1) above of an offender's mental condition as they
have effect with respect to proof of an offender's mental con-
dition for the purposes of section 60( 1)(a) of that Act.
( 8) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation to a
probation order made or amended by virtue of section 10 of
this Act only so far as indicated in subsection (3) of that section,
and except as provided by this section or section 10 a court shall
not include in a probation order a requirement that the proba-
tioner shall submit to treatment for his mental condition.
4.-( 1 ) Where a court makes a probation order in the case Probation
of an offender it may, subject to the provisions of this section, orders requiring
include in the order a requirement that he shall during the attendance at
daytraining
probation period attend at a day training centre specified in the centre.
order .
1812 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I ( 2) Acourt shall not include such a requirement in a probation
order unless-
( a ) it has been notified by the Secretary of State that a day
training centre exists for persons of the offender's class
or description who reside in the petty sessions area
in which he resides or will reside ; and
( b) it is satisfied that arrangements can be made for his
attendance at that centre ;
and no such requirement shall be included in a probation
order which includes a requirement under section 3 of this
Act with respect to treatment of the probationer for his mental
condition.
( 3) A requirement included in a probation order by virtue
of this section shall operate to require the probationer-
( a ) in accordance with instructions given by the probation
officer responsible for his supervision, to attend on not
more than sixty days at the centre specified in the
order;
(b) while attending there to comply with instructions given
by, or under the authority of, the person in charge
of the centre.
( 4) References in this section to attendance at a day training
centre include references to attendance elsewhere than at the
centre for the purpose of receiving training in accordance with
instructions given by, or under the authority of , the person
in charge of the centre.
Discharge and 5.-( 1 ) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have
amendment of effect in relation to the discharge and amendment of probation
probation orders.
orders.
(2) Where, under the following provisions of this Part of this
Act, a probationer is sentenced for the offence for which he was
placed on probation, the probation order shall cease to have
effect .
Breach of
6.- (1 ) If at any time during the probation period it appears
requirement of on information to a justice of the peace on whom jurisdiction is
probation
order. conferred by subsection (2) below that the probationer has failed
to comply with any of the requirements of the order, the justice
may issue a summons requiring the probationer to appear at
the place and time specified therein, or may, if the information
is in writing and on oath, issue a warrant for his arrest.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c . 62
( 2 ) The following justices shall have jurisdiction for the PART I
purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above, that is to say : -
( a) if the probation order was made by a magistrates' court,
any justice acting for the petty sessions area for which
that court or the supervising court acts ;
( b) in any other case, any justice acting for the petty
sessions area for which the supervising court acts ;
and any summons or warrant issued under this section shall
direct the probationer to appear or be brought before a magis-
trates' court acting for the petty sessions area for which the
justice issuing the summons or warrant acts.
( 3) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the magistrates' court
before which a probationer appears or is brought under this
section that the probationer has failed to comply with any of
the requirements of the probation order, then, subject to the
following provisions of this subsection, that court may deal with
him in respect of the failure in any one of the following ways,
that is to say: -
( a ) it may impose on him a fine not exceeding £50 ;
( b) subject to subsection (10) below, it may make a com-
munity service order in respect of him ;
( c ) in a case to which section 19 of the Criminal Justice 1948 с. 58.
Act 1948 applies, it may make an order under that
section requiring him to attend at an attendance centre ;
or
( d ) where the probation order was made by a magistrates'
court, it may deal with him for the offence in respect
of which the probation order was made, in any manner
in which it could deal with him if it had just con-
victed him of that offence .
( 4) Where the probation order was made by the Crown Court,
and a magistrates' court has power to deal with the probationer
under subsection (3) ( a), (b) or ( c) above in respect of a failure
to comply with any of the requirements of the order, the magis-
trates' court may instead commit him to custody or release
him on bail until he can be brought or appear before the Crown
Court .
(5) A magistrates' court which deals with a probationer's
case under subsection ( 4) above shall send to the Crown Court
a certificate signed by a justice of the peace, certifying that the
probationer has failed to comply with such of the requirements
of the probation order as may be specified in the certificate,
together with such other particulars of the case as may be desir-
able; and a certificate purporting to be so signed shall be
admissible as evidence of the failure before the Crown Court.
1813
1814 c . 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I (6) Where by virtue of subsection (4) above the probationer
is brought or appears before the Crown Court, and it is proved
to the satisfaction of the court that he has failed to comply with
any of the requirements of the probation order, the court may
deal with him in respect of the failure in any one of the
following ways, that is to say : -
( a) it may impose on him a fine not exceeding £50 ;
( b) subject to subsection ( 10 ) below, it may make a com-
munity service order in respect of him ; or
( c ) it may deal with him for the offence in respect of
which the probation order was made in any manner
in which it could deal with him if he had just been
convicted before the Crown Court of that offence.
( 7) A probationer who is required by the probation order to
submit to treatment for his mental condition shall not be
treated for the purposes of this section as having failed to comply
with that requirement on the ground only that he has refused
to undergo any surgical, electrical or other treatment if, in the
opinion of the court, his refusal was reasonable having regard
to all the circumstances ; and without prejudice to the provisions
of section 8 of this Act, a probationer who is convicted of an
offence committed during the probation period shall not on that
account be liable to be dealt with under this section in respect
of a failure to comply with any requirement of the probation
order.
( 8) Any exercise by a court of its powers under subsection
(3)(a), (b) or (c) or (6) (a) or (b) above shall be without prejudice
to the continuance of the probation order.
(9) A fine imposed under subsection ( 3)( a ) above in respect
of a failure to comply with the requirements of a probation
order shall be deemed for the purposes of any enactment to be a
sum adjudged to be paid by a conviction.
(10) Section 14( 2) of this Act and, so far as applicable, the
other provisions of this Act relating to community service orders
shall have effect in relation to a community service order under
this section as they have effect in relation to a community service
order in respect of an offender, but as if the power conferred
by sections 16 and 17 of this Act to deal with the offender for
the offence in respect of which the community service order
was made were a power to deal with the probationer for the
failure to comply with the requirements of the probation order
in respect of which the community service order was made.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1815
7.- ( 1 ) Where a court by or before which a person is con-
PART I
victed of an offence (not being an offence the sentence for Absolute and
which is fixed by law ) is of opinion, having regard to the circum- conditional
stances including the nature of the offence and the character discharge.
of the offender, that it is inexpedient to inflict punishment and
that a probation order is not appropriate, the court may make
an order discharging him absolutely, or, if the court thinks
fit, discharging him subject to the condition that he commits
no offence during such period, not exceeding three years from
the date of the order, as may be specified therein.
( 2) An order discharging a person subject to such a con-
dition is in this Act referred to as 66
an order for conditional
discharge " , and the period specified in any such order (subject
to section 8( 1) of this Act ) as " the period of conditional
discharge ".
( 3) Before making an order for conditional discharge the
court shall explain to the offender in ordinary language that
if he commits another offence during the period of conditional
discharge he will be liable to be sentenced for the original
offence.
( 4 ) Where, under the following provisions of this Part of
this Act, a person conditionally discharged under this section
is sentenced for the offence in respect of which the order for
conditional discharge was made, that order shall cease to have
effect.
8.-( 1) If it appears to the Crown Court, where that court Commission
has jurisdiction in accordance with subsection ( 2) below, or to of further offence by
a justice of the peace having jurisdiction in accordance with probationer or
that subsection, that a person in whose case a probation order person
or an order for conditional discharge has been made has been conditionally
convicted by a court in any part of Great Britain of an offence discharged.
committed during the relevant period, and has been dealt with
in respect of that offence, that court or justice may, subject
to subsection (3) below, issue a summons requiring that person
to appear at the place and time specified therein or a warrant
for his arrest.
In this section " the relevant period " means, in relation to a
probation order, the probation period, and in relation to an
order for conditional discharge, the period of conditional
discharge.
(2 ) Jurisdiction for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above may
be exercised-
( a) if the probation order or order for conditional discharge
was made by the Crown Court , by that court ;
(b) if the order was made by a magistrates' court, by a
justice acting for the petty sessions area for which that
court acts ;
1816 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I ( c) in the case of a probation order, by whatever court it
was made, by a justice acting for the petty sessions
area for which the supervising court acts.
( 3) A justice of the peace shall not issue a summons under
this section except on information and shall not issue a warrant
under this section except on information in writing and on oath.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection ( 5) below, a summons or warrant
issued under this section shall direct the person to whom it
relates to appear or to be brought before the court by which
the probation order or the order for conditional discharge was
made.
( 5 ) In the case of a probation order made by a magistrates'
court, a summons or warrant issued by a justice acting for the
petty sessions area for which the supervising court acts may
specify the supervising court instead of the court which made
the order.
( 6) If a person in whose case a probation order or an order
for conditional discharge has been made by the Crown Court
is convicted by a magistrates' court of an offence committed
during the relevant period, the magistrates' court may commit
him to custody or release him on bail until he he can be brought
or appear before the Crown Court ; and if it does so the
magistrates' court shall send to the Crown Court a copy of the
minute or memorandum of the conviction entered in the register,
signed by the clerk of the court by whom the register is kept.
( 7) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the court by
which a probation order or an order for conditional discharge
was made, or to the satisfaction of that court or the supervising
court in the case of a probation order made by a magistrates'
court, that the person in whose case the order was made has
been convicted of an offence committed during the relevant
period, the court may deal with him, for the offence for which
the order was made, in any manner in which it could deal with
him if he had just been convicted by or before that court of
that offence.
( 8) If a person in whose case a probation order or an order
for conditional discharge has been made by a magistrates' court
is convicted before the Crown Court of an offence committed
during the relevant period, or is dealt with by the Crown Court
for any such offence in respect of which he was committed for
sentence to the Crown Court, the Crown Court may deal with
him, for the offence for which the order was made, in any
manner in which the magistrates' court could deal with him
if it had just convicted him of that offence.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c . 62
1817
( 9) If a person in whose case a probation order or an order
PART I
for conditional discharge has been made by a magistrates' court
is convicted by another magistrates' court of any offence com-
mitted during the relevant period, that court may, with the
consent of the court which made the order or, in the case of a
probation order, with the consent of that court or of the super-
vising court, deal with him, for the offence for which the order
was made, in any manner in which the court could deal with
him if it had just convicted him of that offence.
9.- ( 1 ) Where an order for conditional discharge has been Breach of
made by a magistrates' court in the case of an offender under conditional
seventeen years of age in respect of an offence not being-
discharge by
young
( a ) a summary offence, or
offenders.
(b) an offence which, in the case of an adult, could have
been tried summarily with his consent under section
19 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952,
1952 с. 55.
any powers exercisable by that or any other court in respect
of the offender after he has attained the age of seventeen years
under subsection (7) , (8) or (9) of section 8 of this Act shall
be those which would be exercisable if that offence were such an
offence as is mentioned in paragraph ( b ) above and had been
tried summarily with his consent under section 19.
( 2) For the purposes of this section the age of an offender at
a particular time shall be deemed to be or to have been that
which appears to the court after considering any available
evidence to be or to have been his age at that time.
10.-( 1 ) Where the court by which a probation order is made Probation
under section 2 of this Act is satisfied that the offender resides orders relating
or will reside in Scotland, subsection (2 ) of that section shall not to persons
apply to the order, but the order shall specify as the appropriate residing in
Scotland.
court for the purposes of this section a court of summary
jurisdiction (which, in the case of an offender convicted on
indictment, shall be the sheriff court ) having jurisdiction in the
place in Scotland in which the offender resides or will reside.
( 2 ) Where a probation order has been made under section
2 of this Act and the supervising court is satisfied that the
probationer proposes to reside or is residing in Scotland, the
power of that court to amend the order under Schedule 1 to
this Act shall include power to amend it by substituting for
the provisions required by section 2( 2) of this Act the provisions
required by subsection (1) above; and the court may so amend
the order without summoning the probationer and without his
consent.
1818 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
1949 с. 94.
( 3) A probation order made or amended by virtue of this
section may include a requirement that the probationer shall
submit to treatment for his mental condition, and-
(a ) subsections (1), (3) and ( 7) of section 3 of this Act and
subsection (2) of section 3 of the Criminal Justice
( Scotland) Act 1949 (which makes equivalent provision
to that made by section 3( 2) of this Act) shall apply
to the making of an order which includes any such
requirement by virtue of this subsection as they apply
to the making of an order which includes any such
requirement by virtue of section 3 of this Act and of
that Act respectively ; and
(b ) subsections (4 ) to (6) of section 3 of that Act (functions
of supervising officer and medical practitioner where
such a requirement has been imposed) shall apply in
relation to a probationer who is undergoing treatment
in Scotland in pursuance of a requirement imposed
by virtue of this subsection as they apply in relation
to a probationer undergoing such treatment in pur-
suance of a requirement imposed by virtue of section 3
of that Act.
( 4 ) Sections 5(1) and 6(1) and (2) of this Act shall not apply
to any order made or amended by virtue of this section ; but
the provisions of the Criminal Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1949,
except sections 5(2)(b) and 6 ( sentencing the probationer for the
offence for which the order was made) , shall apply to the order
as if it were a probation order made under section 2 of that
Act and as if the court specified in the order as the appropriate
court had been named as such under subsection (2) of that
section.
( 5 ) If in the case of a probation order made or amended by
virtue of this section the appropriate court (as defined by the
Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949) is satisfied that the pro-
bationer has failed to comply with any requirement of the
probation order, the court may, instead of dealing with him
in any manner authorised by that Act, commit him to custody
or release him on bail until he can be brought or appear before
the court in England and Wales by which the probation order
was made, and, if it so commits him or releases him on bail, -
( a ) the court shall send to the court in England and Wales
a certificate certifying that the probationer has failed
to comply with such of the requirements of the proba-
tion order as may be specified in the certificate,
together with such other particulars of the case as
may be desirable ;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1819
( b) that court shall have the same powers as if the pro-
PART I
bationer had been brought or appeared before it in
pursuance of a warrant or summons issued under
section 6( 1) of this Act ;
and a certificate purporting to be signed by the clerk of the
appropriate court shall be admissible as evidence of the failure
before the court which made the probation order.
( 6 ) In relation to a probation order made or amended by
virtue of this section, the appropriate court (as defined by the
Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949) shall have jurisdiction 1949 c. 94.
for the purposes of section 8 ( 1) of this Act.
( 7) The court by which a probation order is made or amended
by virtue of this section shall send three copies of the order as
made or amended to the clerk of the court specified in the order
as the appropriate court, together with such documents and
information relating to the case as it considers likely to be of
assistance to that court ; and section 2( 7) of this Act, or para-
graph 6 of Schedule 1 to this Act, as the case may be, shall
not apply to any such order.
(8) Where a probation order which is amended by virtue of
subsection (2) above is an order to which the provisions of this
Act apply by virtue of section 7 of the Criminal Justice
( Scotland ) Act 1949 (probation orders under that Act relating
to persons residing in England and Wales) then, notwithstanding
anything in that section or this section, the order shall, as from
the date of the amendment, have effect in all respects as if it
were an order made under section 2 of that Act in the case of
a person residing in Scotland, and as if the court specified as
the appropriate court in the order as so amended had been
named as such under subsection (2) of that section.
11.-( 1 ) Where on an application made by the probationer Substitution
or the probation officer it appears to the court having power to of conditional
discharge a probation order that the order is no longer appro- discharge for
priate in the case of the probationer, the court may make, in probation.
substitution for the probation order, an order discharging him
in respect of the original offence, subject to the condition that
he commits no offence between the making of the order under
this section and the expiration of the probation period.
( 2 ) A person in respect of whom an order is made under
this section shall so long as the condition mentioned in subsec-
tion ( 1) above continues in force be treated in all respects and
in particular for the purposes of section 8 of this Act as if the
original order made in his case had been an order for conditional
discharge made by the court which made the original order and
as if the period of conditional discharge were the same as the
probation period.
1820 c .62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I ( 3) Where an application under this section is made by the
probation officer, it may be heard in the absence of the pro-
bationer if the officer produces to the court a statement by him
that he understands the effect of an order under this section
and consents to the application being made.
( 4 ) On the making of an order under this section the
appropriate officer of the court shall forthwith give copies of the
order to the probation officer, who shall give a copy to the
person in respect of whom the order is made and to the person
in charge of any institution in which that person was required
by the probation order to reside.
Supplementary 12.-(1) Any court may, on making a probation order or an
provision as to order for conditional discharge under this Part of this Act, if it
probation and thinks it expedient for the purpose of the reformation of the
discharge. offender, allow any person who consents to do so to give
security for the good behaviour of the offender.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Act, except section 2( 7) and
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1, where a probation order or an order
for conditional discharge has been made on appeal, the order
shall be deemed to have been made by the court from which
the appeal was brought.
( 3) In proceedings before the Crown Court under the preced-
ing provisions of this Act, any question whether a probationer
has failed to comply with the requirements of the probation
order, and any question whether any person in whose case a
probation order or an order for conditional discharge has been
made has been convicted of an offence committed during the
probation period or, as the case may be, the period of con-
ditional discharge, shall be determined by the court and not by
the verdict of a jury.
( 4 ) Nothing in section 2 or 7 of this Act shall be construed
as taking away any power of the court , on making a probation
order in respect of an offender or discharging an offender
absolutely or conditionally, to order him to pay costs or
compensation .
Effects of
13.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, a conviction of an
probation and offence for which an order is made under this Part of this Act
discharge. placing the offender on probation or discharging him absolutely
or conditionally shall be deemed not to be a conviction for any
purpose other than the purposes of the proceedings in which the
order is made and of any subsequent proceedings which may be
taken against the offender under the preceding provisions of
thisAct.
( 2) Where the offender was of or over seventeen years of age
at the time of his conviction of the offence in question and
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1821
is subsequently sentenced under this Part of this Act for that
offence, subsection ( 1) above shall cease to apply to the
conviction.
(3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this sec-
tion, the conviction of an offender who is placed on probation
or discharged absolutely or conditionally under this Part of
this Act shall in any event be disregarded for the purposes of
any enactment or instrument which imposes any disqualification
or disability upon convicted persons, or authorises or requires
the imposition of any such disqualification or disability.
( 4 ) The preceding provisions of this section shall not affect-
( a) any right of any offender placed on probation or dis-
charged absolutely or conditionally under this Part
of this Act to appeal against his conviction, or to rely
on it in bar of any subsequent proceedings for the
same offence ;
(b) the restoration of any property in consequence of the
conviction of any such offender ; or
( c) the operation, in relation to any such offender, of any
enactment or instrument in force at the commencement
of this Act which is expressed to extend to persons
dealt with under section 1( 1) of the Probation of
Offenders Act 1907 as well as to convicted persons .
( 5 ) In this section " enactment " includes an enactment con-
tained in a local Act and " instrument " means an instrument
having effect by virtue of an Act.
PART I
1907 с. 17.
Community service orders
14.- ( 1) Where a person of or over seventeen years of age Community
is convicted of an offence punishable with imprisonment, the service orders
in respect of
court by or before which he is convicted may, instead of dealing convicted
with him in any other way (but subject to subsection (2) below) persons.
make an order (in this Act referred to as " a community service
order " ) requiring him to perform unpaid work in accordance
with the subsequent provisions of this Act for such number of
hours (being in the aggregate not less than forty nor more than
two hundred and forty) as may be specified in the order.
The reference in this subsection to an offence punishable with
imprisonment shall be construed without regard to any prohibi-
tion or restriction imposed by or under any enactment on the
imprisonment of young offenders .
Part III D
1822 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I ( 2) A court shall not make a community service order in
respect of any offender unless the offender consents and the
court-
( a ) has been notified by the Secretary of State that arrange-
ments exist for persons who reside in the petty sessions
area in which the offender resides or will reside to
perform work under such orders ; and
( b) is satisfied-
(i) after considering a report by a probation officer
about the offender and his circumstances and, if
the court thinks it necessary, hearing a probation
officer, that the offender is a suitable person to per-
form work under such an order ; and
(ii) that provision can be made under the arrange-
ments for him to do so.
( 3) Where a court makes community service orders in respect
of two or more offences of which the offender has been convicted
by or before the court , the court may direct that the hours of
work specified in any of those orders shall be concurrent with
or additional to those specified in any other of those orders, but
so that the total number of hours which are not concurrent
shall not exceed the maximum in subsection ( 1) above.
( 4 ) A community service order shall specify the petty sessions
area in which the offender resides or will reside ; and the func-
tions conferred by the subsequent provisions of this Act on the
relevant officer shall be discharged by a probation officer
appointed for or assigned to the area for the time being specified
in the order (whether under this subsection or by virtue of
section 17(5) of this Act), or by a person appointed for the
purposes of those provisions by the probation and after-care
committee for that area.
(5) Before making a community service order the court shall
explain to the offender in ordinary language-
( a) the purpose and effect of the order (and in particular the
requirements of the order as specified in section 15 of
this Act ) ;
( b) the consequences which may follow under section 16 if
he fails to comply with any of those requirements ; and
( c ) that the court has under section 17 the power to review
the order on the application either of the offender or of
a probation officer.
( 6 ) The court by which a community service order is made
shall forthwith give copies of the order to a probation officer
assigned to the court and he shall give a copy to the offender
and to the relevant officer ; and the court shall, except where it
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1823
is itself a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area
specified in the order, send to the clerk to the justices for the
petty sessions area specified in the order a copy of the order,
together with such documents and information relating to the
case as it considers likely to be of assistance to a court acting
for that area in exercising its functions in relation to the order.
( 7) The Secretary of State may by order direct that subsection
(1) above shall be amended by substituting, for the maximum
number of hours specified in that subsection as originally enacted
or as previously amended under this subsection, such number
of hours as may be specified in the order.
( 8) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall be construed as
preventing a court which makes a community service order in
respect of any offence from making an order for costs against,
or imposing any disqualification on, the offender or from making
in respect of the offence an order under section 35, 39, 43 or
44 of this Act, or under section 28 of the Theft Act 1968 .
PART I
1968 с. 60.
15.-( 1 ) An offender in respect of whom a community service Obligations of
order is in force shall- person subject
to community
(a ) report to the relevant officer and subsequently from service order.
time to time notify him of any change of address ;
and
(b) perform for the number of hours specified in the order
such work at such times as he may be instructed
by the relevant officer .
( 2) Subject to section 17( 1) of this Act, the work required to be
performed under a community service order shall be performed
during the period of twelve months beginning with the date of
the order.
( 3) The instructions given by the relevant officer under this
section shall, so far as practicable, be such as to avoid any
conflict with the offender's religious beliefs and any interference
with the times, if any, at which he normally works or attends
a school or other educational establishment.
16.-( 1) If at any time while a community service order is Breach of
in force in respect of an offender it appears on information to requirements
a justice of the peace acting for the petty sessions area for the ofcommunity
service order.
time being specified in the order that the offender has failed to
comply with any of the requirements of section 15 of this Act
( including any failure satisfactorily to perform the work which
he has been instructed to do), the justice may issue a summons
requiring the offender to appear at the place and time specified
therein, or may, if the information is in writing and on oath,
issue a warrant for his arrest.
Part III D2
1824 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I ( 2) Any summons or warrant issued under this section shall
direct the offender to appear or be brought before a magistrates '
court acting for the petty sessions area for the time being
specified in the community service order.
( 3) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the magistrates ' court
before which an offender appears or is brought under this section
that he has failed without reasonable excuse to comply with any
of the requirements of section 15 the court may, without preju-
dice to the continuance of the order, impose on him a fine not
exceeding £50 or may-
( a) if the community service order was made by a magis-
trates' court, revoke the order and deal with the
offender, for the offence in respect of which the order
was made, in any manner in which he could have
been dealt with for that offence by the court which
made the order if the order had not been made ;
(b) if the order was made by the Crown Court, commit
him to custody or release him on bail until he can
be brought or appear before the Crown Court.
( 4) A magistrates' court which deals with an offender's case
under subsection (3)(b) above shall send to the Crown Court a
certificate signed by a justice of the peace certifying that the
offender has failed to comply with the requirements of section
15 in the respect specified in the certificate, together with such
other particulars of the case as may be desirable ; and a certifi-
cate purporting to be so signed shall be admissible as evidence
of the failure before the Crown Court.
(5) Where by virtue of subsection (3) (b) above the offender is
brought or appears before the Crown Court and it is proved
to the satisfaction of the court that he has failed to comply
with any of the requirements of section 15, that court may
either-
( a ) without prejudice to the continuance of the order,
impose on him a fine not exceeding £50 ; or
(b) revoke the order and deal with him, for the offence in
respect of which the order was made, in any manner
in which he could have been dealt with for that offence
by the court which made the order if the order had not
been made.
( 6) A person sentenced under subsection (3)(a) above for an
offence may appeal to the Crown Court against the sentence .
( 7 ) In proceedings before the Crown Court under this section
any question whether the offender has failed to comply with
the requirements of section 15 shall be determined by the court
and not by the verdict of a jury.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1825
( 8) A fine imposed under this section shall be deemed for
the purposes of any enactment to be a sum adjudged to be paid
by a conviction.
PART I
17.-( 1 ) Where a community service order is in force in Amendment
respect of any offender and, on the application of the offender or and revocation
the relevant officer, it appears to a magistrates' court acting for of community service orders ,
the petty sessions area for the time being specified in the order and
that it would be in the interests of justice to do so having regard substitution of
to circumstances which have arisen since the order was made, other
the court may extend, in relation to the order, the period of sentences.
twelve months specified in section 15( 2) of this Act.
(2 ) Where such an order is in force and on any such applica-
tion it appears to a magistrates ' court acting for the petty sessions
area so specified that, having regard to such circumstances, it
would be in the interests of justice that the order should be
revoked or that the offender should be dealt with in some other
manner for the offence in respect of which the order was made,
the court may-
(a) if the order was made by a magistrates' court, revoke
the order or revoke it and deal with the offender for
that offence in any manner in which he could have
been dealt with for that offence by the court which
made the order if the order had not been made ;
(b) if the order was made by the Crown Court, commit him
to custody or release him on bail until he can be
brought or appear before the Crown Court ;
and where the court deals with his case under paragraph (b)
above it shall send to the Crown Court such particulars of the
case as may be desirable.
(3) Where by virtue of subsection (2)(b) above the offender is
brought or appears before the Crown Court and it appears to the
Crown Court to be in the interests of justice to do so, having
regard to circumstances which have arisen since the order was
made, the Crown Court may revoke the order or revoke the order
and deal with the offender, for the offence in respect of which
the order was made, in any manner in which he could have been
dealt with for that offence by the court which made the order
if the order had not been made.
( 4 ) A person sentenced under subsection (2) (a) above for an
offence may appeal to the Crown Court against the sentence.
( 5) If a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area
for the time being specified in a community service order is
satisfied that the offender proposes to change, or has changed, his
Part III D 3
1826 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
General
powerof
Crown Court
to impose
sentence of
imprisonment onconviction on indictment.
Restriction on
imposing imprisonment
on young
offenders.
residence from that petty sessions area to another petty sessions
area and
( a ) the court has been notified that arrangements exist for
persons who reside in that other area to perform work
under community service orders ; and
( b) it appears to the court that provision can be made under
the arrangements for him to perform work under the
order ;
the court may, and on the application of the relevant officer shall,
amend the order by substituting the other petty sessions area for
the area specified in the order .
(6 ) Where a community service order is amended by a court
under subsection (5) above the court shall send to the clerk
to the justices for the new area specified in the order a copy of
the order, together with such documents and information relat-
ing to the case as it considers likely to be of assistance to a
court acting for that area in exercising its functions in relation
to the order.
( 7) Where a magistrates' court proposes to exercise its powers
under subsection (1) or ( 2) above otherwise than on the applica-
tion of the offender it shall summon him to appear before the
court and, if he does not appear in answer to the summons, may
issue a warrant for his arrest.
Imprisonment, Borstal training and detention :
general provisions
18.-( 1 ) Where a person is convicted on indictment of an
offence against any enactment and is for that offence liable to
be sentenced to imprisonment, but the sentence is not by any
enactment either limited to a specified term or expressed to
extend to imprisonment for life, the person so convicted shall be
liable to imprisonment for not more than two years .
( 2) A person convicted on indictment of an attempt to com-
mit an offence for which a maximum term of imprisonment is
provided by any enactment shall not be sentenced to imprison-
ment for a term longer than that to which he could be sentenced
for the completed offence.
19.-( 1 ) Neither the Crown Court nor a magistrates' court
shall impose imprisonment on a person under seventeen years
of age.
( 2 ) No court shall impose imprisonment on a person under
twenty-one years of age unless the court is of opinion that no
other method of dealing with him is appropriate ; and for the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c . 62
purpose of determining whether any other method of dealing
with any such person is appropriate the court shall obtain and
consider information about the circumstances , and shall take
into account any information before the court which is relevant
to his character and his physical and mental condition.
( 3) Where a magistrates' court imposes imprisonment on any
such person as is mentioned in subsection ( 2) above, the court
shall state the reason for its opinion that no other method of
dealing with him is appropriate, and cause that reason to be
specified in the warrant of commitment and to be entered in
the register.
( 4 ) In this section " impose imprisonment " means pass a sen-
tence of imprisonment or commit to prison in default of
payment of any sum of money, or for want of sufficient distress
to satisfy any sum of money, or for failure to do or abstain
from doing anything required to be done or left undone.
( 5) For the purposes of this section and of section 20 of this
Act the age of a person shall be deemed to be that which it
appears to the court to be after considering any available
evidence.
1827
PART I
20.-( 1) No court shall pass a sentence of imprisonment on Restriction on
a person of or over twenty-one years of age on whom such a imposing
sentence has not previously been passed by a court in any part sentences of imprisonment
of the United Kingdom unless the court is of opinion that no on persons
other method of dealing with him is appropriate ; and for the who have not
purpose of determining whether any other method of dealing previously
with any such person is appropriate the court shall obtain and served prison
consider information about the circumstances, and shall take sentences.
into account any information before the court which is relevant
to his character and his physical and mental condition.
( 2) Where a magistrates' court passes a sentence of imprison-
ment on any such person as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above,
the court shall state the reason for its opinion that no other
method of dealing with him is appropriate , and cause that reason
to be specified in the warrant of commitment and to be entered
in the register.
( 3) For the purposes of this section-
( a) a previous sentence of imprisonment which has been
suspended and which has not taken effect under section
23 of this Act or under section 19 of the Treatment of
Offenders Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 shall be 1968 с. 29
disregarded ; and
( Ν.Ι.) .
Part III
D4
1828 PART I
Restriction on
imposing
sentences of
imprisonment,
Borstal
training or
detention on
persons not
legally
represented.
1968 с. 29
( Ν.Ι.).
Suspended
sentences of
imprisonment.
c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
( b) " sentence of imprisonment " does not include a com-
mittal or attachment for contempt of court.
( 4 ) Subsection (1 ) above does not affect the power of a
court to pass sentence on any person for an offence the sentence
for which is fixed by law.
21 .-( 1 ) A magistrates' court on summary conviction or the
Crown Court on committal for sentence or on conviction on
indictment shall not pass a sentence of imprisonment, Borstal
training or detention in a detention centre on a person who is not
legally represented in that court and has not been previously
sentenced to that punishment by a court in any part of the United
Kingdom, unless either-
( a ) he applied for legal aid and the application was refused
on the ground that it did not appear his means were
such that he required assistance ; or
( b) having been informed of his right to apply for legal aid
and had the opportunity to do so, he refused or failed
to apply.
( 2) For the purposes of this section a person is to be treated as
legally represented in a court if , but only if , he has the assistance
of counsel or a solicitor to represent him in the proceedings in
that court at some time after he is found guilty and before he
is sentenced, and in subsection ( 1 )(a) and (b) above " legal aid "
means legal aid for the purposes of proceedings in that court,
whether the whole proceedings or the proceedings on or in
relation to sentence ; but in the case of a person committed to
the Crown Court for sentence or trial, it is immaterial whether he
applied for legal aid in the Crown Court to, or was informed of
his right to apply by, that court or the court which committed
him.
( 3) For the purposes of this section-
( a) a previous sentence of imprisonment which has been
suspended and which has not taken effect under section
23 of this Act or under section 19 of the Treatment of
Offenders Act ( Northern Ireland) 1968 shall be
disregarded ;
(b) " sentence of imprisonment " does not include a com-
mittal or attachment for contempt of court ; and
( c ) " detention centre " means in relation to Northern
Ireland young offenders centre.
Suspended sentences of imprisonment
22.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a court which passes
a sentence of imprisonment for a term of not more than two
years for an offence may order that the sentence shall not take
effect unless, during a period specified in the order, being not
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
less than one year or more than two years from the date of the
PART I
order, the offender commits in Great Britain another offence
punishable with imprisonment and thereafter a court having
power to do so orders under section 23 of this Act that the
original sentence shall take effect ; and in this Part of this Act
" operational period ", in relation to a suspended sentence,
means the period so specified.
( 2) A court shall not deal with an offender by means of a
suspended sentence unless the case appears to the court to be
one in which a sentence of imprisonment would have been
appropriate in the absence of any power to suspend such a
sentence by an order under subsection ( 1) above.
( 3) A court which passes a suspended sentence on any person
for an offence shall not make a probation order in his case in
respect of another offence of which he is convicted by or before
the court or for which he is dealt with by the court.
( 4 ) On passing a suspended sentence the court shall explain
to the offender in ordinary language his liability under section
23 of this Act if during the operational period he commits an
offence punishable with imprisonment.
(5) Where a court has passed a suspended sentence on any
person, and that person is subsequently sentenced to Borstal
training, he shall cease to be liable to be dealt with in respect
of the suspended sentence unless the subsequent sentence or any
conviction or finding on which it was passed is quashed on
appeal.
(6) Subject to any provision to the contrary contained in the 1967 c. 80.
Criminal Justice Act 1967, this Act or any enactment passed or
instrument made under any enactment after 31st December
1967-
( a ) a suspended sentence which has not taken effect under
section 23 of this Act shall be treated as a sentence
of imprisonment for the purposes of all enactments
and instruments made under enactments except any
enactment or instrument which provides for disqualifi-
cation for or loss of office, or forfeiture of pensions.
of persons sentenced to imprisonment ; and
(b) where a suspended sentence has taken effect under that
section, the offender shall be treated for the purposes
of the enactments and instruments excepted by para-
graph (a) above as having been convicted on the
ordinary date on which the period allowed for making
an appeal against an order under that section expires
or, if such an appeal is made, the date on which it is
finally disposed of or abandoned or fails for non-
prosecution.
1829
1830 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
23.-( 1) Where an offender is convicted of an offence punish-
Power of
able with imprisonment committed during the operational period
court on
of a suspended sentence and either he is so convicted by or
convictionof before a court having power under section 24 of this Act to
further offence
to deal with
deal with him in respect of the suspended sentence or he
suspended
subsequently appears or is brought before such a court , then,
sentence.
unless the sentence has already taken effect, that court shall
consider his case and deal with him by one of the following
methods: -
( a ) the court may order that the suspended sentence shall
take effect with the original term unaltered ;
( b) it may order that the sentence shall take effect with
the substitution of a lesser term for the original term ;
( c ) it may by order vary the original order under section
22( 1) of this Act by substituting for the period specified
therein a period expiring not later than two years from
the date of the variation ; or
( d ) it may make no order with respect to the suspended
sentence ;
and a court shall make an order under paragraph (a) of this
subsection unless the court is of opinion that it would be unjust
to do so in view of all the circumstances which have arisen
since the suspended sentence was passed, including the facts
of the subsequent offence, and where it is of that opinion the
court shall state its reasons.
( 2) Where a court orders that a suspended sentence shall take
effect, with or without any variation of the original term, the
court may order that that sentence shall take effect immediately
or that the term thereof shall commence on the expiration of
another term of imprisonment passed on the offender by that or
another court.
( 3) Where under subsection (1) (a) or (b) above a court orders
that a suspended sentence shall take effect with a term of not
more than six months and the court would have had power to
sentence the offender to be detained in a detention centre for
that term if it had convicted him of the original offence on
the occasion of the order, the order may include a direction that
he shall serve the sentence in a detention centre.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, where under
subsection ( 1) (a) or (b) above a court orders that a suspended
sentence shall take effect with a term of less than three months,
the court may include such a direction in the order if the
offender is then liable to be detained in a detention centre by
virtue of an order or warrant made or issued by that or another
court.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1831
( 5 ) An order under subsection (1)(a) or (b) above which
PART I
includes such a direction shall be treated for all purposes as
an order under section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act 1961 1961 с. 39.
( detention of offenders under twenty-one) for the detention of
the offender in a detention centre, and subsection ( 2) above shall
not apply in relation to any such order.
( 6) In proceedings for dealing with an offender in respect
of a suspended sentence which take place before the Crown
Court any question whether the offender has been convicted of
an offence punishable with imprisonment committed during
the operational period of the suspended sentence shall be deter-
mined by the court and not by the verdict of a jury.
( 7) Where a court deals with an offender under this section
in respect of a suspended sentence the appropriate officer of the
court shall notify the appropriate officer of the court which
passed the sentence of the method adopted.
( 8) Where on consideration of the case of an offender a court
makes no order with respect to a suspended sentence, the
appropriate officer of the court shall record that fact.
( 9) For the purposes of any enactment conferring rights of
appeal in criminal cases any order made by a court with
respect to a suspended sentence shall be treated as a sentence
passed on the offender by that court for the offence for which
the suspended sentence was passed.
24.-( 1 ) An offender may be dealt with in respect of a Court by
suspended sentence by the Crown Court or, where the sentence which
was passed by a magistrates' court , by any magistrates' court suspended
before which he appears or is brought.
sentence may
be dealt with.
( 2) Where an offender is convicted by a magistrates' court
of an offence punishable with imprisonment and the court is
satisfied that the offence was committed during the operational
period of a suspended sentence passed by the Crown Court-
(a) the court may, if it thinks fit, commit him in custody
or on bail to the Crown Court ; and
( b) if it does not, shall give written notice of the con-
viction to the appropriate officer of the Crown
Court.
( 3) For the purposes of this section and of section 25 of this
Act a suspended sentence passed on an offender on appeal
shall be treated as having been passed by the court by which he
was originally sentenced.
1832 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
25.-(1 ) If it appears to the Crown Court, where that court
Procedure
has jurisdiction in accordance with subsection (2) below, or
where court
to a justice of the peace having jurisdiction in accordance
convicting of
with that subsection, that an offender has been convicted in
further offence
does not deal
Great Britain of an offence punishable with imprisonment com-
with suspended
mitted during the operational period of a suspended sentence
sentence.
and that he has not been dealt with in respect of the suspended
sentence, that court or justice may, subject to the following
provisions of this section, issue a summons requiring the offender
to appear at the place and time specified therein, or a warrant
for his arrest.
(2 ) Jurisdiction for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above may
be exercised-
(a) if the suspended sentence was passed by the Crown
Court, by that court ;
( b) if it was passed by a magistrates' court, by a justice
acting for the area for which that court acted.
(3) Where an offender is convicted by a court in Scotland
of an offence punishable with imprisonment and the court is
informed that the offence was committed during the operational
period of a suspended sentence passed in England or Wales,
the court shall give written notice of the conviction to the
appropriate officer of the court by which the suspended sentence
was passed.
( 4 ) Unless he is acting in consequence of a notice under sub-
section (3) above, a justice of the peace shall not issue a
summons under this section except on information and shall not
issue a warrant under this section except on information in
writing and on oath.
( 5) A summons or warrant issued under this section shall
direct the offender to appear or to be brought before the court
by which the suspended sentence was passed.
Suspended
sentence
supervision
orders.
26.-( 1 ) Where a court passes on an offender a suspended
sentence for a term of more than six months for a single offence,
the court may make a suspended sentence supervision order
( in this Act referred to as " a supervision order ") placing the
offender under the supervision of a supervising officer for a
period specified in the order, being a period not exceeding the
operational period of the suspended sentence.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order-
( a ) direct that subsection (1 ) above be amended by sub-
stituting, for the number of months specified in the
subsection as originally enacted or as previously
amended under this paragraph, such other number
( not more than six) as the order may specify ; or
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1833
(b) make in that subsection the repeals necessary to enable
a court to make a supervision order thereunder in the
case of any suspended sentence, whatever the length
of the term.
(3) A supervision order shall specify the petty sessions area
in which the offender resides or will reside; and the supervising
officer shall be a probation officer appointed for or assigned
to the area for the time being specified in the order (whether
under this subsection or by virtue of subsection (6 ) below) .
( 4 ) An offender in respect of whom a supervision order is in
force shall keep in touch with the supervising officer in accord-
ance with such instructions as he may from time to time be
given by that officer and shall notify him of any change of
address.
( 5 ) The court by which a supervision order is made shall
forthwith give copies of the order to a probation officer assigned
to the court, and he shall give a copy to the offender and the
supervising officer ; and the court shall, except where it is itself
a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area specified
in the order, send to the clerk to the justices for the petty
sessions area specified in the order a copy of the order, together
with such documents and information relating to the case as it
considers likely to be of assistance to a court acting for that area
in exercising its functions in relation to the order.
( 6) If a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area
for the time being specified in a supervision order is satisfied
that the offender proposes to change, or has changed, his resi-
dence from that petty sessions area to another petty sessions
area, the court may, and on the application of the supervising
officer shall, amend the order by substituting the other petty
sessions area for the area specified in the order.
(7) Where a supervision order is amended by a court under
subsection (6) above the court shall send to the clerk to the
justices for the new area specified in the order a copy of the
order, together with such documents and information relating
to the case as it considers likely to be of assistance to a court
acting for that area in exercising its functions in relation to
the order.
(8) A supervision order shall cease to have effect if before
the end of the period specified in it-
( a ) a court orders under section 23 of this Act that a
suspended sentence passed in the proceedings in which
the order was made shall have effect ; or
( b) the order is discharged or replaced under the
subsequent provisions of this section.
PART I
!
1834 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
( 9) Asupervision order may be discharged, on the application
of the supervising officer or the offender-
( a ) if it was made by the Crown Court and includes a
direction reserving the power of discharging it to that
court , by the Crown Court ;
( b) in any other case by a magistrates' court acting for the
petty sessions area for the time being specified in the
order.
(10 ) Where under section 23 of this Act a court deals with
an offender in respect of a suspended sentence by varying the
operational period of the sentence or by making no order with
respect to the sentence, the court may make a supervision order
in respect of the offender-
( a) in place of any such order made when the suspended
sentence was passed ; or
( b) if the court which passed the sentence could have made
such an order but did not do so ; or
( c ) if that court could not then have made such an order
but would have had power to do so if subsection (1)
above had then had effect as it has effect at the time
when the offender is dealt with under section 23 .
(11) On making a supervision order the court shall in ordinary
language explain its effect to the offender .
Breach of
27.- ( 1) If at any time while a supervision order is in force
requirement of in respect of an offender it appears on information to a justice
suspended
sentence
of the peace acting for the petty sessions area for the time being
supervision
specified in the order that the offender has failed to comply with
order.
any of the requirements of section 26( 4) of this Act , the justice
may issue a summons requiring the offender to appear at the
place and time specified therein, or may, if the information is
in writing and on oath, issue a warrant for his arrest.
( 2) Any summons or warrant issued under this section shall
direct the offender to appear or be brought before a magistrates'
court acting for the petty sessions area for the time being
specified in the supervision order.
( 3) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the court before which
an offender appears or is brought under this section that he
has failed without reasonable cause to comply with any of the
requirements of section 26( 4) the court may, without prejudice
to the continuance of the order, impose on him a fine not
exceeding £50.
( 4 ) A fine imposed under this section shall be deemed for the
purposes of any enactment to be a sum adjudged to be paid by
aconviction.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1835
Powers relating to persistent offenders PART I
28.-( 1 ) Where an offender is convicted on indictment of an Punishment of
offence punishable with imprisonment for a term of two years persistent
or more and the conditions specified in subsection ( 3) below offenders.
are satisfied, then, if the court is satisfied, by reason of his
previous conduct and of the likelihood of his committing further
offences, that it is expedient to protect the public from him for
a substantial time, the court may impose an extended term of
imprisonment under this section.
( 2) The extended term which may be imposed under this
section for any offence may exceed the maximum term authorised
for the offence apart from this section if the maximum so
authorised is less than ten years, but shall not exceed ten years
if the maximum so authorised is less than ten years or exceed
five years if the maximum so authorised is less than five years .
( 3) The conditions referred to in subsection ( 1) above are : -
(a ) the offence was committed before the expiration of three
years from a previous conviction of an offence punish-
able on indictment with imprisonment for a term of
two years or more or from his final release from prison
after serving a sentence of imprisonment, corrective
training or preventive detention passed on such a
conviction ; and
( b ) the offender has been convicted on indictment on
at least three previous occasions since he attained
the age of twenty-one of offences punishable on indict-
ment with imprisonment for a term of two years or
more; and
( c ) the total length of the sentences of imprisonment,
corrective training or preventive detention to which
he was sentenced on those occasions was not less than
five years and-
( i) on at least one of those occasions a sentence
of preventive detention was passed on him ; or
(ii ) on at least two of those occasions a sentence
of imprisonment (other than a suspended sentence
which has not taken effect) or of corrective training
was so passed and of those sentences one was a sen-
tence of imprisonment for a term of three years or
more in respect of one offence or two were sentences
of imprisonment each for a term of two years or
more in respect of one offence.
( 4) Where an extended term of imprisonment is imposed
on an offender under this section, the court shall issue a cer-
tificate ( hereafter in this Act referred to as an extended
sentence certificate ") stating that the term was so imposed.
1836 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
Supple-
mentary
provisions as
to persistent
offenders.
1967 с. 80.
1961 с. 39.
29.-( 1 ) For the purposes of section 28(3) (a) of this Act a
certificate purporting to be signed by the governor of a prison
to the effect-
(a) that a prisoner was finally released from that prison
on a date specified in the certificate after serving a
sentence so specified ; or
(b) that a prisoner had not been finally released from that
prison on a date so specified after serving a sentence
so specified ;
shall be evidence of the matter so certified.
( 2 ) For the purposes of section 28(3) ( b) of this Act a person
who has been convicted by a magistrates' court of an indictable
offence and sentenced for that offence-
(a) by the Crown Court, or on appeal from the Crown
Court, to imprisonment ; or
( b) by a court of quarter sessions, or on appeal from such
a court, to imprisonment, corrective training or pre-
ventive detention ;
shall be treated as if he had been convicted of that offence on
indictment.
( 3) For the purpose of determining whether the conditions
specified in section 28(3) of this Act are satisfied in relation
to an offender no account shall be taken of any previous con-
viction or sentence unless notice has been given to the offender
at least three days before the later sentence is passed on him
that it is intended to prove the previous conviction or sentence
to the court.
( 4) For the purpose of subsection (3) above a certificate pur-
porting to be signed by a constable or a prison officer that a
copy of a notice annexed to the certificate was given to an
offender shall be evidence that it was so given and of the
contents of the notice.
( 5 ) In this section and in section 28 of this Act " final
release " includes a release on licence under section 60 or 61
of the Criminal Justice Act 1967, but does not include any
temporary discharge.
(6) A person sentenced at any time to corrective training or
preventive detention in Scotland or Northern Ireland and trans-
ferred under section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1961 to
England and Wales shall be treated for the purposes of deten-
tion, release, recall and otherwise as having been sentenced in
England and Wales to a term of imprisonment of the same
length as the term of his original sentence and, if he was origin-
ally sentenced to preventive detention, he shall also be so treated
as if an extended sentence certificate had been issued in respect
ofhim.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1837
( 7) A person sentenced to an extended term of imprisonment
PART I
under section 28 of this Act and transferred under section 26
of the Criminal Justice Act 1961 to Scotland or Northern 1961 c. 39.
Ireland shall, notwithstanding anything in section 26( 4) ( treat-
ment of prisoners so transferred) be treated as if an extended
sentence certificate had not been issued in respect of him .
Crown Court fines, etc.
30.-( 1 ) Where a person is convicted on indictment of any General power
offence other than an offence for which the sentence is fixed of Crown
by law, the court, if not precluded from sentencing the offender Court to fine
offender
by its exercise of some other power (such as the power to make convicted on
a probation order), may impose a fine in lieu of or in addition indictment.
to dealing with him in any other way in which the court has
power to deal with him, subject however to any enactment
limiting the amount of the fine that may be imposed or requiring
the offender to be dealt with in a particular way.
( 2) Aperson convicted on indictment of an attempt to commit
an offence for which a maximum fine is provided by any
enactment shall not be sentenced to a fine larger than that to
which he could be sentenced for the completed offence.
31.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, if the Crown Powers, etc. ,
Court imposes a fine on any person or forfeits his recognizance, of Crown
the court may make an order- Court in
relation to
( a) allowing time for the payment of the amount of the fines and
fine or the amount due under the recognizance ;
forfeited
recognizances.( b) directing payment of that amount by instalments of
such amounts and on such dates respectively as may
be specified in the order ;
( c ) in the case of a recognizance, discharging the recogniz-
ance or reducing the amount due thereunder.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, if the Crown
Court imposes a fine on any person or forfeits his recognizance,
the court shall make an order fixing a term of imprisonment
which that person is to undergo if any sum which he is liable
to pay is not duly paid or recovered.
( 3) A term of imprisonment fixed under subsection (2)
above shall not exceed 12 months, and no person shall on the
occasion when a fine is imposed on him or his recognizance
is forfeited by the Crown Court be committed to prison in
pursuance of an order under that subsection unless-
( a) in the case of an offence punishable with imprisonment,
he appears to the court to have sufficient means to pay
the sum forthwith ;
1838 1952 с. 55.
1952 с. 44.
c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
( b) it appears to the court that he is unlikely to remain
long enough at a place of abode in the United Kingdom
to enable payment of the sum to be enforced by other
methods ; or
( c ) on the occasion when the order is made the court
sentences him to immediate imprisonment or detention
in a detention centre for that or another offence, or
sentences him as aforesaid for an offence in addition
to forfeiting his recognizance, or he is already serving
a term of imprisonment or detention in a detention
centre.
( 4) Where any person liable for the payment of a fine or a
sum due under a recognizance to which this section applies is
sentenced by the court to, or is serving or otherwise liable to
serve, a term of imprisonment, the court may order that any
term of imprisonment fixed under subsection (2) above shall
not begin to run until after the end of the first - mentioned term
of imprisonment.
( 5 ) The power conferred by this section to discharge a
recognizance or reduce the amount due thereunder shall be in
addition to the powers conferred by any other Act relating
to the discharge , cancellation, mitigation or reduction of recog-
nizances or sums forfeited thereunder.
(6 ) Subject to subsection (7 ) below, the powers conferred by
this section shall not be taken as restricted by any enactment
about committal by a magistrates' court to the Crown Court
which authorises the Crown Court to deal with an offender in
any way in which the magistrates' court might have dealt with
him.
( 7) Any term fixed under subsection ( 2) above as respects a
fine imposed in pursuance of such an enactment, that is to say
a fine which the magistrates' court could have imposed, shall not
exceed the period applicable to that fine ( if imposed by the
magistrates' court) under Schedule 3 to the Magistrates' Courts
Act 1952 or section 285 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952.
( 8) This section shall not apply to a fine imposed by the
Crown Court on appeal against a decision of a magistrates '
court, but subsections ( 2) and ( 3) above shall apply in relation to
a fine imposed or recognizance forfeited by the criminal division
of the Court of Appeal, or by the House of Lords on appeal
from that division, as they apply in relation to a fine imposed
or recognizance forfeited by the Crown Court, and references
in those subsections to the Crown Court shall be construed
accordingly.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1839
32.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of subsection ( 4) below, a PART I
fine imposed or a recognizance forfeited by the Crown Court Enforcement,
after 31st December 1967 shall be treated for the purposes of etc., of fines
collection, enforcement and remission of the fine or other sum imposed and
as having been imposed or forfeited- recognizances forfeited by
(a) by a magistrates' court specified in an order made by Crown Court.
the Crown Court ; or
( b) if no such order is made, by the magistrates' court by
which the offender was committed to the Crown Court
to be tried or dealt with ;
and in the case of a fine as having been so imposed on convic-
tion by the magistrates' court in question.
( 2) The term of imprisonment specified in any warrant of
commitment issued by a magistrates' court on a default in
the payment of a fine imposed, or sum due under a recognizance
forfeited, by the Crown Court as the term which the offender is
liable to serve shall be the term fixed by the latter court under
section 31 (2) of this Act or, if that term has been reduced under
section 67( 2) of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 ( part pay- 1952 c. 55.
ment ) or section 44(10) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 1967 с. 80.
( remission ) that term as so reduced, notwithstanding that that
term exceeds the period applicable to the case under Schedule
3 to the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 or section 285 of the
Customs and Excise Act 1952 ( maximum periods of imprison- 1952 c. 44 .
ment in default of payment of fines, etc.) .
( 3) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply in
relation to a fine imposed or recognizance forfeited by the
criminal division of the Court of Appeal, or by the House of
Lords on appeal from that division, as they apply in relation
to a fine imposed or recognizance forfeited by the Crown Court ,
and references in those provisions to the Crown Court shall be
construed accordingly.
( 4 ) A magistrates' court shall not under section 44( 10) of the
Criminal Justice Act 1967 or section 96 of the Magistrates'
Courts Act 1952, as applied by subsection (1) above, remit the
whole or any part of a fine imposed or a sum due under a
recognizance forfeited by the Crown Court without the consent
of that court , and section 44(10) shall have effect accordingly.
( 5) A fine imposed or a recognizance forfeited by the criminal
division of the Court of Appeal on appeal from the Crown
Court or by the House of Lords on appeal from that division
shall be treated for the purposes of collection, enforcement and
remission of the fine or other sum as having been imposed or
forfeited by the Crown Court.
1840 c .62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
1949 с. 101 .
Transfer to
Scotland
offines
imposed and
recognizances
forfeited by
Crown Court.
1952 с. 55.
Power of
CrownCourt
to allow time
for payment,
or payment by
instalments, of
costs and
compensation.
1970 с. 31 .
(6) Any fine or other sum the payment of which is enforce-
able by a magistrates' court by virtue of this section shall be
treated for the purposes of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949
and, in particular, section 27 thereof (application of fines
imposed by magistrates' courts) as having been imposed by a
magistrates' court, or as being due under a recognizance for-
feited by such a court.
33. The power of a magistrates' court to make a transfer of
fine order under section 72A of the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952 (transfer of fine orders to Scotland) shall be exercisable
in relation to a fine imposed on any person or a sum due from
any person under a recognizance forfeited by the Crown Court
the payment of which is enforceable by the magistrates' court,
notwithstanding that the Crown Court has in pursuance of section
31 (2) of this Act fixed a term of imprisonment which that person
is to undergo if the fine or other sum is not duly paid or
recovered.
34. Where the Crown Court makes any such order as is
mentioned in Part I of Schedule 9 to the Administration of
Justice Act 1970 (orders against accused for the payment of
costs or compensation), the court may-
( a) allow time for the payment of the sum due under the
order ;
(b) direct payment of that sum by instalments of such
amounts and on such dates respectively as the court
may specify.
Compensation orders
Compensation 35.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act,
orders against a court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence ,
convicted
in addition to dealing with him in any other way, may, on
persons .
application or otherwise , make an order (in this Act referred to
as " a compensation order ") requiring him to pay compensation
for any personal injury, loss or damage resulting from that
offence or any other offence which is taken into consideration
by the court in determining sentence .
1968 с. 60.
( 2 ) In the case of an offence under the Theft Act 1968,
where the property in question is recovered, any damage to
the property occurring while it was out of the owner's possession
shall be treated for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above as
having resulted from the offence, however and by whomsoever
the damage was caused.
( 3) No compensation order shall be made in respect of loss
suffered by the dependants of a person in consequence of his
death, and no such order shall be made in respect of injury,
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1841
loss or damage due to an accident arising out of the presence
PART I
of a motor vehicle on a road, except such damage as is treated
by subsection (2) above as resulting from an offence under the 1968 c. 60.
Theft Act 1968 .
( 4 ) In determining whether to make a compensation order
against any person, and in determining the amount to be paid
by any person under such an order, the court shall have regard
to his means so far as they appear or are known to the court.
( 5) The compensation to be paid under a compensation order
made by a magistrates' court in respect of any offence of which
the court has convicted the offender shall not exceed £ 400 ;
and the compensation or total compensation to be paid under
a compensation order or compensation orders made by a magi-
strates' court in respect of any offence or offences taken into
consideration in determining sentence shall not exceed the diff-
erence (if any) between the amount or total amount which under
the preceding provisions of this subsection is the maximum for
the offence or offences of which the offender has been convicted
and the amount or total amounts (if any) which are in fact
ordered to be paid in respect of that offence or those offences .
36.-( 1 ) A compensation order made on conviction on indict- Appeals in
ment shall be treated for the purposes of sections 30 and 42(1) the case of
and ( 2) of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 ( effect of appeals on compensation
orders.
orders for the restitution of property) as an order for the restitu- 1968 с. 19.
tion of property ; and where by reason of the quashing by the
Court of Appeal of a person's conviction any such order does
not take effect, and on an appeal to the House of Lords the
conviction is restored by that House, the House may make any
compensation order which could be made on his conviction by
the court which convicted him.
( 2) A compensation order made by a magistrates' court shall
be suspended-
( a) in any case until the expiration of the period for the
time being prescribed by law for the giving of notice
of appeal against a decision of a magistrates' court ;
( b) where notice of appeal is given within the period so
prescribed, until the determination of the appeal.
( 3) Where a compensation order has been made against any
person in respect of an offence taken into consideration in
determining his sentence-
(a) the order shall cease to have effect if he successfully
appeals against his conviction of the offence or, if
more than one, all the offences, of which he was con-
victed in the proceedings in which the order was made ;
1842 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART 1
( b) he may appeal against the order as if it were part of
the sentence imposed in respect of the offence or, if
more than one, any of the offences, of which he was so
convicted.
Review of
37. At any time before a compensation order has been com-
compensation plied with or fully complied with, the magistrates ' court for
orders.
the time being having functions in relation to the enforcement
1970 с. 31 .
of the order ( by virtue of section 41 (1) of the Administration of
Justice Act 1970) may, on the application of the person against
whom it was made, discharge the order, or reduce the amount
which remains to be paid, if it appears to the court-
( a) that the injury, loss or damage in respect of which the
order was made has been held in civil proceedings to
be less than it was taken to be for the purposes of the
order ; or
(b) in the case of an order in respect of the loss of any
property, that the property has been recovered by the
person in whose favour the order was made.
Effect of
38.-( 1 ) This section shall have effect where a compensation
compensation order has been made in favour of any person in respect of any
order on
injury, loss or damage and a claim by him in civil proceedings
subsequent
award of
for damages in respect thereof subsequently falls to be
damages in
determined.
civil
proceedings.
( 2) The damages in the civil proceedings shall be assessed
without regard to the order ; but where the whole or part of the
amount awarded by the order has been paid, the damages
awarded in the civil proceedings shall not exceed the amount
(if any) by which, as so assessed, they exceed the amount paid
under the order.
(3) Where the whole or part of the amount awarded by the
order remains unpaid and the court awards damages in the
civil proceedings, then, unless the person against whom the
order was made has ceased to be liable to pay the amount
unpaid (whether in consequence of an appeal, of his imprison-
ment for default or otherwise) , the court shall direct that the
judgment-
( a) if it is for an amount not exceeding the amount unpaid
under the order, shall not be enforced ; or
(b) if it is for an amount exceeding the amount unpaid
under the order, shall not be enforced as to a
corresponding amount ;
without the leave of the court.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1843
Criminal bankruptcy orders PART I
39.-( 1 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence before Criminal
the Crown Court and it appears to the court that- bankruptcy
orders against
( a ) as a result of the offence, or of that offence taken convicted
together with any other relevant offence or offences, persons.
loss or damage ( not attributable to personal injury)
has been suffered by one or more persons whose identity
is known to the court ; and
( b ) the amount, or aggregate amount, of the loss or damage
exceeds £15,000 ;
the court may, in addition to dealing with the offender in any
other way ( but not if it makes a compensation order against
him ), make a criminal bankruptcy order against him in respect
of the offence or, as the case may be, that offence and the
other relevant offence or offences .
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) above " other relevant offence or
offences " means an offence or offences of which the person in
question is convicted in the same proceedings or which the court
takes into consideration in determining his sentence.
(3) A criminal bankruptcy order shall specify-
(a ) the amount of the loss or damage appearing to the court
to have resulted from the offence or, if more than one,
each of the offences ;
( b ) the person or persons appearing to the court to have
suffered that loss or damage ;
( c ) the amount of that loss or damage which it appears
to the court that that person, or each of those persons ,
has suffered ; and
(d ) the date which is to be the relevant date for the purpose
of the exercise by the High Court of its powers under
paragraph 10 of Schedule 2 to this Act in relation to
dispositions made by the offender, being the date
which appears to the court to be the earliest date on
which the offence or, if more than one, the earliest of
the offences, was committed.
( 4 ) A criminal bankruptcy order may be made against two
or more offenders in respect of the same loss or damage.
( 5 ) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to
criminal bankruptcy orders and the operation of the enactments
relating to bankruptcy in a case where such an order has been
made, and also for supplementing those enactments in relation to
dispositions made by an offender against whom such an order
has been made.
1844 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
Appeals in the
case of
criminal
bankruptcy
orders.
1968 с. 19.
(6 ) The Secretary of State may by order direct that subsection
(1) above shall be amended by substituting, for the amount
specified in that subsection as originally enacted or as previously
amended under this subsection, such amount as may be specified
in the order.
40.-( 1) No appeal shall lie against the making of a criminal
bankruptcy order.
(2) Where a person successfully appeals to the Court of
Appeal against his conviction of an offence by virtue of which
such an order was made, the court shall rescind the order
unless he was convicted in the same proceedings of another
offence of which he remains convicted and a criminal bank-
ruptcy order could have been made without reference to loss or
damage caused by the first- mentioned offence ; and where,
accordingly, it does not rescind the order it shall amend it by
striking out so much of it as relates to such loss or damage.
(3) Where on an appeal by a person against his conviction of
an offence by virtue of which a criminal bankruptcy order was
made the Court of Appeal substitutes a verdict of guilty of
another offence, the court shall-
(a ) rescind the order if a criminal bankruptcy order could
not have been made against that person if he had
originally been convicted of that other offence ;
( b) in any other case, amend the order so far as may be
required in consequence of the substitution of a verdict
of guilty of the other offence.
(4) Where the Court of Appeal rescinds or amends a criminal
bankruptcy order, the rescission or amendment shall not take
effect-
( a ) in any case until the expiration of the time for applying
for leave to appeal to the House of Lords against the
Court of Appeal's decision on the appeal against con-
viction (disregarding any extension of time which may
be granted under section 34 of the Criminal Appeal
Act 1968) ;
(b) if an application for leave to appeal is made within that
time, so long as an appeal to the House of Lords is
pending; and
(c ) if on such an appeal the conviction is restored by that
House.
( 5) For the purposes of this section an appeal to the House
of Lords shall be treated as pending until any application for
leave to appeal is disposed of and, if leave to appeal is granted,
until the appeal is disposed of; and for the purposes of this
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1845
subsection an application for leave to appeal shall be treated as disposed of at the expiration of the time within which it may
be made if it is not made within that time.
PART I
41.- (1) For the purpose of discharging, in relation to cases The Official
in which a criminal bankruptcy order is made, the functions Petitioner.
assigned to him by Schedule 2 to this Act, there shall continue
to be an officer known as the Official Petitioner ; and the Director
of Public Prosecutions shall, by virtue of his office, continue to
be the Official Petitioner.
( 2) Neither the Official Petitioner nor any person acting under
his authority shall be liable to any action or proceeding in
respect of anything done or omitted in the discharge, or pur-
ported discharge, of the functions of the Official Petitioner under
or by virtue of this Act.
( 3) Any expenses of the Official Petitioner shall be defrayed
out of moneys provided by Parliament .
Miscellaneous Powers
42. Where an offender is committed by a magistrates ' court Power of
for sentence under section 29 of the Magistrates' Courts Act Crown Court
1952 or section 62 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967, the Crown on committal
Court shall enquire into the circumstances of the case and shall for sentence.
have power to deal with the offender in any manner in which 1952 c. 55.
it could deal with him if he had just been convicted of the 1967 c. 80.
offence on indictment before the court.
43.-( 1 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence punishable Power to
on indictment with imprisonment for a term of two years or deprive
more and the court by or before which he is convicted is satis- offender of
fied that any property which was in his possession or under his property used,
control at the time of his apprehension- orintended
for use, for
(a) has been used for the purpose of committing, or facilitat- purposes of
ing the commission of, any offence ; or
crime.(b) was intended by him to be used for that purpose ;
the court may make an order under this section in respect of
that property.
( 2 ) Facilitating the commission of an offence shall be taken
for the purposes of this section and section 44 of this Act to
include the taking of any steps after it has been committed for
the purpose of disposing of any property to which it relates or
of avoiding apprehension or detection, and references in this
or that section to an offence punishable with imprisonment shall
be construed without regard to any prohibition or restriction
imposed by or under any enactment on the imprisonment of
young offenders .
1846 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART I
1897 с. 30.
( 3) An order under this section shall operate to deprive the
offender of his rights, if any, in the property to which it relates ,
and the property shall (if not already in their possession) be
taken into the possession of the police.
( 4 ) The Police ( Property) Act 1897 shall apply, with the
following modifications, to property which is in the possession
of the police by virtue of this section-
( a) no application shall be made under section 1(1) of that
Act by any claimant of the property after the expira-
tion of six months from the date on which the order
in respect of the property was made under this section ;
and
( b) no such application shall succeed unless the claimant
satisfies the court either that he had not consented to
the offender having possession of the property or that
he did not know, and had no reason to suspect, that
the property was likely to be used for the purpose
mentioned in subsection (1) above.
( 5) In relation to property which is in the possession of the
police by virtue of this section, the power to make regulations
under section 2(1) of the Police ( Property) Act 1897 ( disposal
of property in cases where the owner of the property has not
been ascertained and no order of a competent court has been
made with respect thereto) shall include power to make regula-
tions for disposal in cases where no application by a claimant
of the property has been made within the period specified in
subsection (4)(a) above or no such application has succeeded.
Driving
44.-(1 ) This section applies where a person is convicted
disquali-
before the Crown Court of an offence punishable on indictment
fication where with imprisonment for a term of two years or more or, having
vehicle used
for purposes
been convicted by a magistrates' court of such an offence, is
ofcrime.
committed under section 29 of the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952 с. 55.
1952 to the Crown Court for sentence.
1972 с. 20.
( 2 ) If in a case to which this section applies the Crown Court
is satisfied that a motor vehicle was used (by the person convicted
or by anyone else) for the purpose of committing, or facilitating
the commission of, the offence in question (within the meaning
of section 43 of this Act ) , the court may order the person
convicted to be disqualified, for such period as the court thinks
fit, for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle
granted under Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1972.
( 3 ) A court which makes an order under this section dis-
qualifying a person for holding or obtaining any such licence
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1847
as is mentioned in subsection ( 2) above shall require him to PART I
produce any such licence held by him ; and-
( a) if he does not produce the licence as required he shall
be guilty of an offence under section 101 ( 4) of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 (failure to produce licence for 1972 c . 20.
endorsement) ; and
( b ) if he applies under section 95 of that Act for the
disqualification to be removed and the court so orders,
subsection ( 4) of that section shall not have effect so
as to require particulars of the order to be endorsed
on the licence, but the court shall send notice of the
order to the Secretary of State and section 105(5) of
that Act (procedure for sending notice to Secretary
of State) shall apply to the notice.
Supplemental
45.-( 1) The Secretary of State may by rules make provision Social inquiry
requiring that in any case to which the rules apply a court of report before
any prescribed class shall before passing on any person a
sentence.
sentence to which the rules apply consider a social inquiry
report, that is to say a report about him and his circumstances,
made by a probation officer or any other person authorised to do
so by the rules .
( 2) Rules under this section may apply to a sentence of im-
prisonment or detention of any class prescribed by the rules
and may make different provision for different cases .
( 3) No sentence shall be invalidated by the failure of a court
to consider a social inquiry report in accordance with rules
under subsection (1) above, but any other court on appeal from
that court shall consider such a report in determining whether a
different sentence should be passed on the appellant from the
sentence passed on him by the court below.
( 4 ) In this section " sentence of imprisonment or detention "
means a sentence of imprisonment, Borstal training or detention
in a detention centre or a sentence of detention passed under
section 53 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 ( young 1933 с. 12.
offenders convicted of grave crimes) .
46.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, where a report by Reports of
a probation officer is made to any court (other than a juvenile probation
court ) with a view to assisting the court in determining the most officers .
suitable method of dealing with any person in respect of an
offence, a copy of the report shall be given by the court to the
offender or his counsel or solicitor.
( 2) If the offender is under seventeen years of age and is not
represented by counsel or a solicitor, a copy of the report need
not be given to him but shall be given to his parent or guardian
if present in court.
1848 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
The probation
and after-care
service and
its functions .
PART II
ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPLEMENTAL PROVISIONS
Rehabilitation of offenders and arrangements for
persons on bail
47. The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the probation and after -care service and its
functions and matters connected therewith and, in particular ( but
without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provision),
with respect to
( a ) the constitution of probation and after- care areas and
of probation and after- care committees and case com-
mittees ;
( b) the appointment, functions, remuneration and conditions
of service of probation officers ;
( c ) the making of arrangements for persons to perform work
under community service orders ; and
( d ) the provision and carrying on of day training centres
and other establishments for use in connection with the
rehabilitation of offenders.
Power of
Secretary
ofState
to regulate
community
service work
and training at
day training
centres.
48.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make rules for regulating
the performance of work under community service orders and
the arrangements made under Schedule 3 to this Act for persons
to perform such work.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
rules under this section may in particular-
( a) limit the number of hours' work to be done by a person
under such an order on any one day ;
( b) make provision as to the reckoning of time worked
under such orders ;
( c) make provision for the payment of travelling and other
expenses in connection with the performance of work
under such orders ;
( d ) provide for records to be kept of the work done by any
person under such an order.
(3) The Secretary of State may make rules for regulating the
training given at day training centres and the provision and
carrying on of such centres under Schedule 3 to this Act ; and,
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1849
without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provision, such rules may in particular-
(a) regulate the hours of attendance, and the reckoning of
days of attendance, at such centres ;
(b) provide for records to be kept of such attendance ;
( c ) provide that no person shall be appointed to be in charge
of such a centre unless the Secretary of State has
consented to his appointment.
( 4) References in subsection (3) above to attendance at a day
training centre include references to attendance elsewhere than
at the centre for the purpose of receiving training in accordance
with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person
in charge of the centre.
PART II
49.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may approve bail hostels, Power of
probation hostels and probation homes, and probation hostels Secretary
of State to
and homes so approved shall be known respectively as approved approve bail
probation hostels and approved probation homes. hostels and
probation
( 2) The Secretary of State may make rules for the regulation, hostels and
management and inspection of approved bail hostels, approved homes.
probation hostels and approved probation homes ; and such rules
may in particular (subject to subsection (3) below) provide that
no person shall be appointed to be in charge of any such hostel
or home unless the Secretary of State has consented to his
appointment.
( 3) Rules made by the Secretary of State under subsection (2)
above shall not prohibit the appointment of a person to be in
charge of any such hostel or home in case of emergency without
the previous consent of the Secretary of State, but may in that
case require notice of the appointment to be given immediately
to the Secretary of State and enable him, if he thinks fit, to
require the appointment to be terminated.
50.-( 1 ) Any approved bail hostel and, subject to subsection Inspection of
( 2 ) below, any institution in which a person is required by a approved bail
hostels and of
probation order to reside otherwise than for the purpose of non- approved
his submitting to treatment for his mental condition as a institutions for
resident patient shall be subject to inspection by the Secretary residence of
of State unless it is, as a whole, otherwise subject to inspection probationers.
by a Government department.
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) above does not apply to an approved
probation hostel or home, and applies to an institution in which
a person is required as mentioned in that subsection to reside
only so long as he resides there .
1850 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART II ( 3) A person appointed by the Secretary of State to inspect
any approved bail hostel or any institution to which subsection
(1) above applies shall have power to enter the hostel or
institution and to make such investigation of the treatment of
any persons residing there as he thinks fit ; and any person who
obstructs him in the exercise of that power shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £5.
Expenses and grants
Expenses and 51.-( 1 ) Any expenses of the Secretary of State under this
grants payable Part of this Act, and any expenses incurred by the Secretary of
out of moneys State-
providedby
Parliament. ( a) in the training of probation officers or of officers or
servants serving in approved probation hostels or
homes, or of persons for appointment as probation
officers, or as officers or servants in such hostels or
homes ; or
( b) in the conduct of research into the causes of delinquency
and the treatment of offenders, and matters connected
therewith ;
shall, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury,
be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.
( 2) The Secretary of State may with the approval of the
Treasury provide for the making of payments towards the cost
of the maintenance of persons attending at day training centres
and their dependants.
( 3) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by
Parliament-
(a) towards the expenditure of local authorities, and the
expenditure out of the metropolitan police fund, under
Schedule 3 to this Act ;
( b ) towards the expenditure of probation and after - care
committees in providing and carrying on, under para-
graph 11 of that Schedule, bail hostels, probation
hostels and probation homes ;
( c ) towards the expenditure of any society or person in
enlarging, improving or carrying on bail hostels or
approved probation hostels or homes or establishing,
enlarging or improving premises which, when estab-
lished, enlarged or improved, will be bail hostels or
approved probation hostels or homes ;
( d ) towards the expenditure of any body approved by the
Secretary of State in the training of probation officers
or of persons for appointment as probation officers ;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
( e ) towards the expenditure of any body approved by the PART II
Secretary of State in the training of officers or servants
serving in any place in which offenders or persons
awaiting trial may be detained or serving in approved
probation hostels or homes or the training of persons
for appointment as such officers or servants ;
( f ) towards the expenditure of any society or individual
engaged in supervising or assisting persons convicted of
offences with a view to their rehabilitation ;
( g) towards the expenditure of any body or person approved
by the Secretary of State in the conduct of research
into the causes of delinquency and the treatment of
offenders, and matters connected therewith ;
such sums as the Secretary of State may with the approval
of the Treasury direct, and subject to such conditions as he may
with the like approval determine.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection ( 5) below, the Secretary of State
may, with the consent of the Treasury, make regulations pro-
viding for the deduction from any sums which would otherwise
be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to local authori-
ties, whether under subsection (3) above or under the Children
and Young Persons Act 1933, of such amounts as may be 1933 с. 12.
prescribed by the regulations in respect of expenditure incurred
by the Secretary of State-
( a ) in the training of any such officers, servants or other
persons as are mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above ;
( b) in making any payments under paragraph (c ) or (d )
of subsection (3) above ;
( c ) in making payments under paragraph (e) of subsection
( 3) above in respect of expenditure incurred in the
training of officers or servants serving in approved
probation hostels or homes or the training of persons
for appointment as such officers or servants.
( 5) The sums to be deducted in respect of any expenditure
of the Secretary of State in pursuance of any regulations made
under subsection (4) above shall not exceed half that expenditure.
( 6 ) The conditions subject to which any sums are paid to a
probation and after- care committee under paragraph ( b ) of sub-
section (3) above may include conditions for securing the repay-
ment in whole or in part of the sums received by the committee
if the hostel or home in question ceases to be used as such.
(7) The conditions subject to which any sums are paid to any
society or person under paragraph (c) of subsection ( 3) above
1851
1852 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART II
may include conditions for securing the repayment in whole or
in part of the sums received by the society or person-
(a ) where the sums are paid in respect of a bail hostel, if
it ceases to be used as such ;
(b) where the sums are paid in respect of an approved
probation hostel or home, if it ceases to be approved ;
and, notwithstanding anything in the constitution of the hostel
or home in question or of the managers thereof, or in the trusts,
if any, to which the property of the hostel or home or of the
managers is subject, the managers and any persons who are
trustees of any of the property in question may accept those sums
on those conditions, and execute any instrument required for
carrying into effect those conditions, and shall be bound by
those conditions and by any instrument so executed and have
power to fulfil the conditions and the obligations created by the
instrument.
( 8) All sums received by the Secretary of State under this
section shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
Miscellaneous and supplemental
Evidence with
52. For the purposes of this Act a certificate purporting to be
respect to
signed by or on behalf of the Lord Advocate that an offence is
offences
punishable in Scotland with imprisonment or is punishable in
punishable in Scotland.
Scotland on indictment with imprisonment for a term specified
in the certificate shall be evidence of the matter so certified.
Execution of process
between England
and Wales and
Scotland.
1881 с. 24.
1949 с. 94.
1952 с. 55.
53. Section 4 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Process) Act 1881
( execution of process of English courts in Scotland and vice
versa) shall apply to any process issued under Part I of this Act
or under section 5 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949
as it applies to process issued under the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952 by a magistrates ' court.
Rulesand
orders.
54.-( 1 ) Any power of the Secretary of State to make rules
or orders under this Act shall be exercised by statutory
instrument.
(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any rules or orders made
by the Secretary of State under this Act shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
( 3) Subsection (2) above does not apply to rules under section
49 of this Act nor to orders under section 14 of or paragraph 1
of Schedule 3 to this Act, but no order shall be made by the
Secretary of State under section 14 unless a draft of it has been
laid before, and approved by a resolution of , each House of
Parliament.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1853
( 4 ) Any order made by the Secretary of State under section 14
PART II
or 39 of this Act may be revoked by a subsequent order of the
Secretary of State under that section, an order under section
26( 2) (a) may be revoked by a subsequent order under that
paragraph or under section 26(2)( b), and an order under para-
graph 1 of Schedule 3 to this Act may be varied or revoked by
a subsequent order.
55. Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose Transitional
of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in provisions.
force before the commencement of this Act.
56.-( 1) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act Consequential
shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that amendments and repeals.
Schedule, being amendments consequential on the preceding
provisions of this Act, but the amendment of any enactment by
that Schedule shall not be taken as prejudicing the operation of
section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 ( which relates to the 1889 c. 63 .
effect of repeals).
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 6 to this Act (which
include enactments which were spent before the passing of this
Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third
column of that Schedule.
57.-(1 ) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Interpretation.
requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby
respectively assigned to them, that is to say-
" the appropriate officer of the court " means, in relation to
a magistrates' court, the clerk of the court ;
" approved bail hostel " means a bail hostel approved by
the Secretary of State under section 49( 1) of this Act ;
" approved probation hostel " and " approved probation
home " mean respectively a probation hostel and a
probation home approved by the Secretary of State
under section 49(1) of this Act ;
" bail hostel " means premises for the accommodation of
persons remanded on bail ;
" community service order " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 14( 1 ) of this Act ;
" compensation order " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 35(1 ) of this Act ;
" court " does not include a court-martial ;
" criminal bankruptcy order " means an order under section
39(1 ) of this Act ;
Part III E
1854 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART II
1952 с. 52.
1949 с. 101.
ود
"day training centre means premises at which persons
may be required to attend by a probation order con-
taining a requirement under section 4 of this Act ;
" detention centre " has the meaning assigned to it by section
43 of the Prison Act 1952 ;
" extended sentence certificate " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 28 of this Act ;
" local authority " means, in relation to any probation and
after-care area, any authority out of whose funds the
salary of the clerk to the justices for a petty sessions
area contained in the probation and after- care area is
paid ;
" order for conditional discharge " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 7 of this Act ;
66 period of conditional discharge " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 7 of this Act ;
" probationer " means a person for the time being under
supervision by virtue of a probation order ;
" probation hostel " means premises for the accommoda-
tion of persons who may be required to reside there
by a probation order, being persons who are employed
outside the premises or are awaiting such employment,
and " probation home " has the same meaning save only
that the premises are for the accommodation of persons
not so employed or awaiting such employment ;
" probation order " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 2 of this Act ;
" probation period " means the period for which a pro-
bationer is placed under supervision by a probation
order ;
" the register means the register of proceedings before a
magistrates' court required by rules made under section
15 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 to be kept by
the clerk of the court ;
" sentence of imprisonment " does not include a committal
in default of payment of any sum of money, or for want
of sufficient distress to satisfy any sum of money, or
for failure to do or abstain from doing anything
required to be done or left undone ;
" supervising court ود
has the meaning assigned to it by
section 2( 2) of this Act ;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
66
supervision order " has the meaning assigned to it by section 26( 1 ) of this Act ;
66
suspended sentence "
means a sentence to which an order
under section 22( 1) of this Act relates.
( 2) For the purposes of any reference in this Act, however
expressed, to the term of imprisonment or other detention to
which a person has been sentenced or which, or part of which,
he has served, consecutive terms and terms which are wholly or
partly concurrent shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be
treated as a single term.
(3) Without prejudice to sections 20(1) and 21(1) of this Act,
any reference in this Act however expressed to a previous con-
viction or sentence shall be construed as a reference to a previous
conviction by a court in any part of Great Britain and to a
previous sentence passed by any such court.
( 4) Without prejudice to the meaning of references in sections
14, 43 and 44 of this Act to an offence punishable with imprison-
ment, any such reference elsewhere in this Act shall be construed,
in relation to any offender, without regard to any prohibition or
restriction imposed by or under any enactment on the imprison-
ment of offenders of his age.
(5) For the purposes of this Act a compensation order, super-
vision order or community service order made on appeal from a
decision of a magistrates' court or the Crown Court shall be
treated as if it had been made by a magistrates' court or the
Crown Court, as the case may be.
(6) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a refer-
ence thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as
extended or applied, by or under any other enactment, including
this Act.
PART II
58. The following provisions of this Act shall extend to Application
Scotland, that is to say-
to Scotland.
(a ) sections 8( 4) , 10, 13, 25( 3), 29(7) , 33, 53 and this
section ; and
( b) section 56 and Schedules 5 and 6 so far as they amend
or repeal any enactment or any part of an enactment
which extends to Scotland ;
but, except as provided by this section, this Act shall not extend
to Scotland.
59.-( 1) Section 29( 7) of this Act and this section shall Northern
extend to Northern Ireland but except as provided by this Ireland.
subsection this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
Part III E 2
1855
1856 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
PART II
1920 с. 67.
1973 с. 36.
1972 с. 22.
1961 с. 39.
1972 с. 71 .
Short title and
commence-
ment.
( 2 ) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of
Ireland Act 1920, in so far as, notwithstanding its repeal by
the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973, it continues to
operate in relation to the power of Her Majesty to make laws
under section 1( 3) of the Northern Ireland (Temporary
Provisions) Act 1972, section 29(7) of this Act shall be deemed
to be a provision of an Act passed before the appointed day
within the meaning of that section.
( 3) The references in section 29(6) and (7 ) of this Act to
section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1961 shall be construed,
in relation to Northern Ireland, as references to that section as
amended by any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland,
or Measure of the Northern Ireland Assembly, whether passed
before or after this Act.
( 4) Nothing in any repeal made by this Act shall affect any
power exercisable by Her Majesty by virtue of section 63(1 )
of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 (notwithstanding its repeal
by the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973) to make laws
under section 1( 3) of the Northern Ireland ( Temporary
Provisions) Act 1972 for purposes corresponding to any of the
purposes of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 as originally
enacted.
60.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 .
(2) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secretary
of State may by order appoint, and different days may be so
appointed for different provisions ; and any reference in any
provision of this Act to the commencement of this Act shall be
construed as a reference to the day so appointed for the coming
into force of that provision .
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1857
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
DISCHARGE AND AMENDMENT OF PROBATION ORDERS
Discharge
1 .- ( 1 ) A probation order may be discharged, in accordance
with the following provisions of this paragraph, on an application
made by the probation officer or by the probationer.
( 2 ) Where the probation order was made by the court by or before
which the probationer was convicted, or on appeal, the power to
discharge the order shall, subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, be
exercised by the supervising court.
( 3) Where the court before which the probationer was convicted
or the court from which the appeal is brought is the Crown Court
and there is included in the order a direction that the power be
reserved to that court , the power to discharge the order shall be
exercised by the Crown Court .
( 4 ) In any other case the power to discharge the order shall be
exercised by the court by which the order was made.
Amendment
2.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, if the supervising court
is satisfied that a probationer proposes to change, or has changed
his residence from the petty sessions area named in the probation
order to another petty sessions area, the court may, and on the
application of the probation officer shall, by order amend the
probation order by substituting for the petty sessions area named
in the order the petty sessions area where the probationer proposes
to reside or is residing.
( 2 ) If the probation order contains requirements which, in the
opinion of the court, cannot be complied with unless the probationer
continues to reside in the area named in the order, the court shall
not amend the order under this paragraph unless, in accordance
with the following provisions of this Schedule, it cancels those require-
ments or substitutes for those requirements other requirements which
can be complied with if the probationer ceases to reside in that area.
( 3) Where a probation order is amended under this paragraph,
the old supervising court shall send to the clerk to the justices for
the new area named in the order a copy of the order, together with
such documents and information relating to the case as it considers
likely to be of assistance to the new supervising court.
3.- (1) Without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph 2 above,
but subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, the supervising court may,
on an application made by the probation officer or by the pro-
bationer, by order amend a probation order by cancelling any of the
requirements of the order or by inserting in the order (either in
addition to or in substitution for any such requirement ) any require-
Part III E3
Section 5.
1858 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 1 ment which the court could include under section 2, 3 or 4 of this
Act if it were then making the order.
( 2 ) The power of the supervising court under this paragraph to
amend a probation order shall be subject to the following
restrictions-
( a ) the court shall not amend a probation order by reducing the
probation period, or by extending that period beyond the
end of three years from the date of the original order ;
( b ) the court shall not so amend a probation order that the
probationer is thereby required to reside in an approved
probation hostel or home or in any other institution for
any period exceeding twelve months in all ;
( c ) the court shall not amend a probation order by inserting
therein a requirement that the probationer shall submit to
treatment for his mental condition unless the amending
order is made within three months after the date of the
original order.
4. Where the medical practitioner by whom or under whose
direction a probationer is being treated for his mental condition in
pursuance of any requirement of the probation order is of opinion-
( a ) that the treatment of the probationer should be continued
beyond the period specified in that behalf in the order, or
( b ) that the probationer needs different treatment , being treat-
ment of a kind to which he could be required to submit in
pursuance of a probation order, or
( c ) that the probationer is not susceptible to treatment , or
( d ) that the probationer does not require further treatment ,
or where the practitioner is for any reason unwilling to continue to
treat or direct the treatment of the probationer, he shall make a
report in writing to that effect to the probation officer and the
probation officer shall apply to the supervising court for the variation
or cancellation of the requirement.
General
5.(1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, where the supervising
court proposes to amend a probation order under this Schedule,
otherwise than on the application of the probationer, it shall summon
him to appear before the court; and the court shall not amend a
probation order unless the probationer expresses his willingness to
comply with the requirements of the order as amended.
( 2 ) This paragraph shall not apply to an order cancelling a require-
ment of the probation order or reducing the period of any require-
ment, or substituting a new petty sessions area for the area named in
the probation order.
6.- (1) On the making of an order discharging or amending a
probation order, the clerk to the court shall forthwith-
(a ) if the order discharges the probation order or amends it
otherwise than by substituting a new petty sessions area
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1859
for the area named in the probation order, give copies of
the discharging or amending order to the probation officer ;
( b) if the order amends the probation order in the manner
excepted by head (a) above, send copies of the amending
order to the clerk to the justices for the new petty sessions
area ;
and in a case falling within head ( b) above the clerk to the justices
for the new petty sessions area shall give copies of the amending
order to the probation officer.
( 2 ) A probation officer to whom in accordance with sub-paragraph
(1) above copies of an order are given shall give a copy to the
probationer and to the person in charge of any institution in which
the probationer is or was required by the order to reside.
7. Section 2( 8) of this Act shall apply to any order made under
this Schedule by virtue of which a probationer is required to reside
in an institution as it applies to a probation order made under that
section.
SCH. 1
SCHEDULE 2
CRIMINAL BANKRUPTCY ORDERS
PART I
GENERAL
Act of bankruptcy
1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, where a criminal
bankruptcy order is made against any person he shall be treated as
a debtor who has committed an act of bankruptcy on the date on
which the order is made.
Section 39.
Creditors and criminal bankruptcy debts
2. A person specified in a criminal bankruptcy order as having
suffered loss or damage of any amount shall be treated, for the
purpose of any ensuing proceedings pursuant to-
( a ) a bankruptcy petition presented by virtue of paragraph 1
above ; or
( b) a petition under section 130 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 1914 c. 59.
( administration in bankruptcy of estate of deceased debtor )
presented by virtue of this Schedule ;
as a creditor for a debt of that amount provable in the bankruptcy
of the person against whom the order was made.
Rules
3. For the purposes of section 132 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914
( general rules for carrying the objects of that Act into effect ) this
Schedule, except paragraphs 8 and 10, shall be deemed to be part of
thatAct.
Part III E4
1860 c .62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 2 Interpretation
4. In Parts II and III of this Schedule-
1914 с. 59. " the Act of 1914 " means the Bankruptcy Act 1914 ;
" criminal bankruptcy petition " means any such petition as is
mentioned in paragraph 2 (a ) above and " criminal bank-
ruptcy administration petition " means any such petition as
is mentioned in paragraph 2(b) above ; and
" criminal bankruptcy debt " means a debt deemed to be due
to any person by virtue of paragraph 2 above.
PART II
PROCEEDINGS BASED ON A CRIMINAL BANKRUPTCY ORDER :
APPLICATION OF THE ACT OF 1914, ETC.
Criminal bankruptcy petition
5.- (1 ) A criminal bankruptcy petition shall be presented to the
High Court , but without prejudice to any power of transferring
bankruptcy proceedings to any other court.
( 2) No criminal bankruptcy petition shall be presented by the
person who under paragraph 1 above is the debtor ; and, in rela-
tion to such a petition presented by a creditor, section 4 of the Act
of 1914 shall have effect with the following modifications-
( a ) subsections (1) (a ) and (b) and ( 2) ( conditions as to nature of
debt ) shall not apply to a criminal bankruptcy debt ; and
( b) subsection (1)(d ) ( domicile of debtor ) shall be omitted.
Receiving order
6. For the purposes of section 5( 2 ) and ( 3) of the Act of 1914
( matters to be proved before receiving order is made) the act of
bankruptcy which a person is treated by this Schedule as having
committed and any criminal bankruptcy debt shall be treated as
conclusively proved by the production of a copy of the criminal
bankruptcy order in question, and subsections ( 5 ) and ( 6) of that
section shall not apply in relation to any such debt.
7. Section 12 of the Act of 1914 (power to rescind receiving order
to enable bankruptcy proceedings to proceed in Scotland or
Northern Ireland ) shall not apply to a receiving order made on a
criminal bankruptcy petition.
Trustee of criminal bankrupt's property
8. Where a person is adjudged bankrupt in proceedings pursuant
to a criminal bankruptcy petition the official receiver ( and not a
person appointed under section 19 of the Act of 1914) shall in the
bankruptcy be trustee of the property of the bankrupt.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1861
Proof of criminal bankruptcy debt in bankruptcy proceedings
9.- (1) For the purpose of proving a criminal bankruptcy debt in
proceedings pursuant to a criminal bankruptcy petition, a copy of
the criminal bankruptcy order specifying the amount deemed by
virtue of paragraph 2 above to be due as a debt shall, subject to
paragraph 6 above, be treated as sufficient evidence of the debt
unless it is shown by any party to the proceedings that the amount
of the relevant loss or damage is greater or less than the amount
specified in the order or that the loss or damage did not in fact
result from any offence specified in the order ; and if it is shown
by any party to the proceedings that the amount of the relevant loss
or damage is greater than that specified in the order, paragraph 2
above shall have effect as if the greater amount had been specified
in the order.
( 2 ) Nothing in this paragraph or paragraph 2 above shall be taken
as prejudicing the proof in proceedings pursuant to a criminal bank-
ruptcy petition of debts other than criminal bankruptcy debts.
( 3) Nothing in sub- paragraph ( 1) above shall be construed as
entitling any person to contend that the offence or offences specified
in a criminal bankruptcy order were not committed by the person
against whom the order was made.
Recovery of assets for benefit of criminal bankrupt's creditors
10.- (1 ) Without prejudice to any provision of the Act of 1914, the
following provisions of this paragraph shall apply, where a person
is adjudged bankrupt in proceedings pursuant to a criminal bank-
ruptcy petition, with respect to dispositions of property or any
interest in property made by the bankrupt on or after the relevant
date, either by way of gift or for an under-value.
In this sub-paragraph, " the relevant date " means the date specified
in the order (in accordance with section 39(3)( d ) of this Act) as the
earliest date on which the offence or, as the case may be, the earliest
of the offences, was committed.
( 2 ) On the application of the official receiver (in his capacity as
trustee ) the High Court may make orders requiring-
( a ) the person taking under any such disposition ; or
( b ) subject to the following sub- paragraph, any other person
who by virtue of any subsequent disposition acquired
( whether or not from the person taking under the bank-
rupt's disposition ) the whole or any part of the property or
any interest therein ;
to transfer the whole or any part of the property, or such interest as
the order may specify, to the trustee, or to make such payments to
the trustee as the court thinks just with a view to making available
to the creditors the full value of the property or interest disposed of
by the bankrupt (including any increase in its value since the dis-
position was made ).
( 3) No order shall be made by virtue of sub-paragraph (2)(b)
above against a person appearing to the court to have given full
value for anything taken by him under a relevant disposition or to
claim (directly or indirectly) through a person who gave full value.
SCH. 2
1862 c .62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 2 ( 4) An order of the High Court under this paragraph requiring a
person to transfer any property or interest may include such conse-
quential directions for giving effect to the order, and be made on
such terms (including in particular terms allowing the person to
retain or recover consideration given by him for any relevant disposi-
tion ) as the court thinks just in all the circumstances.
( 5 ) In this paragraph " disposition " includes any conveyance or
assurance of property of any description.
Administration in bankruptcy of deceased offender's estate
11 .- (1 ) Paragraph 5( 1) above shall apply to a criminal bank-
ruptcy administration petition as it applies to a criminal bankruptcy
petition .
( 2 ) Where an order for administration is made under section 130
of the Act of 1914 on a criminal bankruptcy administration petition,
so much of subsection ( 4 ) of that section as enables the creditors to
appoint a trustee of the property of the debtor in place of the official
receiver shall not apply.
( 3) Paragraph 9 above shall apply in relation to proof of criminal
bankruptcy debts in proceedings pursuant to a criminal bankruptcy
administration petition as it applies in relation to proof of such debts
in proceedings pursuant to a criminal bankruptcy petition.
Bankruptcy proceedings otherwise than by virtue of this Schedule
12. Where a criminal bankruptcy order has been made against
any person and a bankruptcy petition has been presented in respect
of him before the order was made, or is presented in respect of him
thereafter otherwise than by virtue of paragraph 1 above, the court
having jurisdiction in relation to the bankruptcy may, on the
application of the Official Petitioner, dismiss the petition, rescind any
receiving order made in pursuance thereof or, if that person has been
adjudged bankrupt, annul the adjudication on such terms, if any, as
the court thinks fit.
Effect of appeal against conviction
13 .- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the fact
that an appeal is pending against any conviction by virtue of which
a criminal bankruptcy order was made shall not preclude the taking
of any proceedings by virtue of this Schedule in consequence of the
making of the order.
( 2 ) Where a person is adjudged bankrupt in proceedings pursuant
to a criminal bankruptcy petition, no property shall be distributed by
his trustee in bankruptcy and no order shall be made by the High
Court under paragraph 10 above so long as an appeal is pending
against his conviction of any offence by virtue of which the criminal
bankruptcy order was made.
( 3) For the purposes of this paragraph an appeal against a con-
viction is pending-
( a ) in any case until the expiration of the period of 28 days
beginning with the date of conviction ;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1863
( b) if notice of appeal to the Court of Appeal is given during
that period and during that period the appellant notifies
the official receiver thereof , until the determination of the
appeal and thereafter for so long as an appeal to the House
of Lords is pending within the meaning of section 40(5)
of this Act.
( 4 ) Where in consequence of an appeal a criminal bankruptcy
order is rescinded-
( a ) any bankruptcy petition based on the order shall lapse and
any receiving order or adjudication of bankruptcy made
in consequence thereof shall cease to have effect, but
without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder ;
(b) where any such adjudication ceases to have effect, the
property of the person who was adjudicated bankrupt shall
revert to him for all his estate or interest therein ; and
( c) the court which had jurisdiction in relation to the bank-
ruptcy may, on his application or on the application of
the official receiver, by order give such directions, if any,
as appear to the court to be necessary or desirable in
consequence of the preceding provisions of this paragraph .
( 5) Where in consequence of an appeal a criminal bankruptcy
order is amended by the deletion of any amount specified therein
as the loss or damage suffered by any person, paragraph 2 above
shall not thereafter apply to that loss or damage but without
prejudice to anything done before the amendment takes effect.
PART III
FUNCTIONS OF OFFICIAL PETITIONER
General
14. The functions of the Official Petitioner are as follows-
(a ) to consider whether, in a case in which a criminal bank-
ruptcy order is made, it is in the public interest that he
should himself present a criminal bankruptcy petition ;
(b ) to present a criminal bankruptcy petition in any such case
where he determines it is in the public interest for him to
do so ;
(c ) to make payments, in such cases as he may determine ,
towards expenses incurred by other persons in connection
with proceedings pursuant to a criminal bankruptcy petition
or a criminal bankruptcy administration petition ;
( d ) to exercise, so far as he considers it to be in the public
interest to do so, any of the powers conferred on him
by this Schedule.
Presentation of criminal bankruptcy petition by
Official Petitioner
15.- ( 1 ) The Official Petitioner may present a criminal bankruptcy
petition , and a receiving order may be made on that petition.
SCH. 2
1864 c .62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 2 ( 2 ) Section 4 of the Act of 1914, as modified by paragraph 5( 2 )
above, shall apply to a criminal bankruptcy petition presented by the
Official Petitioner as it applies to a petition presented by a creditor,
but the High Court may allow the petition to be presented later
than required by subsection (1 )( c ) of that section.
( 3) A criminal bankruptcy petition presented by the Official
Petitioner shall be served in the manner prescribed by rules made
under the Act of 1914.
( 4 ) Section 5( 2), ( 3) and ( 7 ) of the Act of 1914 ( making of
receiving order on, and withdrawal of, creditor's petition ) shall
apply also in relation to a criminal bankruptcy petition presented by
the Official Petitioner but as if any reference to the debt of the
petitioning creditor were a reference to any criminal bankruptcy
debt within the meaning of this Schedule ; and paragraph 6 above
shall have effect in relation to section 5( 2) and ( 3) as they apply
by virtue of this paragraph.
Presentation of criminal bankruptcy administration petition by
Official Petitioner
16.- (1 ) The Official Petitioner may present a petition under
section 130 of the Act of 1914 in any case in which a creditor could
do so by virtue of this Schedule, and an order may be made under
that section on that petition.
( 2 ) Section 130( 2 ) shall have effect in relation to a petition pre-
sented by the Official Petitioner as if the reference to the petitioner's
debt were a reference to any criminal bankruptcy debt within the
meaning of this Schedule.
Participation of Official Petitioner in proceedings brought by virtue of
this Schedule (whether by the Official Petitioner or by a creditor )
17 .- (1) In the case of proceedings pursuant to a criminal bank-
ruptcy petition or a criminal bankruptcy administration petition,
the Official Petitioner shall be entitled-
( a ) to attend any meeting of creditors and, before the meeting,
to receive any notice or other document required to be sent
before such a meeting to any creditor ;
( b ) to be a member of any committee of inspection appointed
under section 20 of the Act of 1914, but not so as to count
towards the number of members mentioned in subsection
( 2) or (9), or to be subject to removal under subsection (7 ),
of that section ;
( c ) to be a party to any such proceedings before any court.
( 2 ) In the case of proceedings pursuant to a criminal bankruptcy
petition or a criminal bankruptcy administration petition, the pro-
visions mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 3) below shall have effect as if
any reference to a creditor, or to a creditor who has proved or
tendered a proof , included a reference to the Official Petitioner.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1865
( 3) The provisions of the Act of 1914 referred to in sub-paragraph
( 2 ) above are sections 10 (appointment of special manager), 14(2) and
( 4 ) (debtor's statement of affairs), 15( 4 ) and ( 8) ( public examination
of debtor ), 16(5), (6 ) and (8) (compositions and schemes of arrange-
ment ), 26( 7) ( discharge of bankrupt ), 37 (relation back of trustee's
title ), 74( 1) (e) (report to creditors of debtor's proposal), 80 (appeal
to court against act or decision of trustee ), and 130( 8) (effect of
notice of creditor's petition under that section ).
( 4 ) Any functions of the Official Petitioner under or by virtue of
this Act may be discharged on his behalf by any person acting with
his authority.
SCH. 2
SCHEDULE 3
THE PROBATION AND AFTER- CARE SERVICE AND ITS FUNCTIONS
PART I
THE PROBATION AND AFTER- CARE SERVICE
Probation and after- care areas
1.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, if
the Secretary of State is of opinion, either upon consideration of
proposals submitted to him by a magistrates' courts committee for a
county or without any such proposals, that it is expedient that any
two or more petty sessions areas should form one probation and
after- care area, he may make an order to that effect ; and the order
may contain such incidental and consequential provisions as appear
to the Secretary of State to be expedient for the purposes of the
order.
( 2 ) Before making an order under sub-paragraph (1) above the
Secretary of State shall give to the justices acting for any petty sessions
area affected by the order an opportunity of making to him any
representations which they may desire to make with respect to the
order, and shall consider any representations made by them.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall make provision by order under
sub- paragraph (1) above for combining in one probation and after-
care area all of the petty sessional divisions of the inner London
area.
( 4 ) The City of London shall not be included in a probation and
after- care area constituted by an order made under sub- paragraph (1)
above.
( 5 ) Every petty sessions area which is not included in a probation
and after- care area by virtue of an order made under sub-paragraph
(1) above shall itself constitute a probation and after-care area.
Probation and after-care committees
2 .- (1 ) For every probation and after-care area there shall be a
probation and after-care committee, which shall be a body corporate.
Section 47.
1866 c .62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 3 ( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph and to
the provisions of paragraphs 6 and 7 below, a probation and after-
care committee for any area shall consist-
( a ) if that area comprises more than one petty sessions area, of
such number of justices as may be specified by the order
under paragraph 1(1) above, appointed in the manner so
specified by the justices acting for the several petty sessions
areas comprised in that area ;
(b) if that area is one petty sessions area, of a prescribed number
of justices appointed in the prescribed manner by the
justices acting for that petty sessions area.
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2) above shall not apply to the probation and
after- care committee for the inner London area, but that committee
shall, subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph ( 4) below and of
paragraphs 6 and 7 below, consist-
( a ) of such number of metropolitan stipendiary magistrates,
nominated by the chief metropolitan stipendiary magistrate,
as may be specified by the order under paragraph 1( 1)
above ;
( b) of such number as may be so specified of lay justices for
the petty sessional divisions of the area, chosen, in such
manner as may be so specified, by the lay justices for those
divisions ;
( c ) of such number as may be so specified of the members of
the juvenile courts panel for the inner London area and the
City of London, chosen in such manner as may be so
specified.
( 4 ) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, appoint-
( a ) one or more judges of the Crown Court ( being judges of
the High Court, Circuit judges or Recorders) ; and
( b) one or more justices with experience of sitting as members
of the Crown Court ;
to be members of the probation and after-care committee for any
area, and any person so appointed shall hold office in accordance
with the terms of his appointment.
( 5 ) Any contract made or other thing done by or on behalf of a
probation and after-care committee before it became, by virtue of
section 37 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949, a body corporate,
shall have effect as if made or done by or on behalf of the body
corporate constituted by sub-paragraph (1) above .
3.- (1) It shall be the duty of every probation and after-care
committee-
( a ) to appoint sufficient probation officers for their probation
and after-care area, subject , in the case of such classes or
descriptions of probation officers as may be prescribed, to
the approval of the appointment by the Secretary of State,
and to ensure that at least one probation officer who is a
man and one probation officer who is a woman shall be
appointed for or assigned by the committee to each petty
sessions area ;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1867
( b ) to pay to the probation officers appointed for their area
such remuneration, allowances and expenses as may be
prescribed ;
(c ) to provide for the efficient carrying out of the work of
probation officers ;
( d ) to make such payments and to such persons as may be
prescribed in respect of persons under the supervision of
probation officers, being persons required by a probation
order to reside in any place otherwise than for the purpose
of their submitting to treatment for their mental condition
as resident patients ; and
(e ) to perform such other duties in connection with the work
of probation officers as may be prescribed.
( 2) A probation and after-care committee may, in such cases and
in such manner as may be prescribed, give financial and other assist-
ance to persons under the supervision of probation officers appointed
for their area.
( 3 ) A probation and after-care committee may, with the approval
of the Secretary of State, delegate all or any of their functions to a
sub- committee consisting of members of the committee and such
other persons (if any ) as may be co-opted to be members of the
sub -committee ; but so that the number of co-opted members of the
sub - committee shall not exceed the number of its members who
are members of the committee.
( 4 ) Notwithstanding that , by virtue of paragraph 2( 1) above, a
probation and after- care committee is a body corporate, any provision
applying to employees of justices shall, unless the contrary intention
appears, apply to employees of a probation and after-care committee.
Case committees
4.- (1 ) For every petty sessions area outside the inner London area
"
there shall be one or more committees, to be called case com-
mittees ", and every such committee shall, subject to paragraphs
6 and 7 below, consist-
( a ) if the petty sessions area is a separate probation and
after- care area, of the probation and after-care committee ;
( b) in any other case, of a prescribed number of justices
appointed by the justices acting for that petty sessions area.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of case committees for areas outside the
inner London area to review the work of probation officers , and to
perform such other duties in connection with the work of probation
officers as may be prescribed.
( 3) Rules made under this Schedule relating to the procedure of
case committees may provide, as respects case committees for areas
outside the inner London area, that some only of the members of a
case committee shall be summoned to deal with any particular case
or class of cases.
( 4) Aprobation and after- care committee for any area outside the
inner London area shall pay any expenses incurred in accordance
SCH. 3
1868 1964 с. 42.
c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 3
with rules made by the Secretary of State under this Schedule by a
case committee for a petty sessions area in their probation and after-
care area, and any allowances under paragraph 13 below to members
of any such committee.
5.- (1 ) The probation and after-care committee for the inner
London area may appoint such case committees , constituted in such
manner and for such areas within that area, as the probation and
after- care committee may determine, and shall pay the expenses of
any case committee appointed under this sub- paragraph .
( 2 ) Any case committee appointed for an area within the inner
London area shall exercise functions conferred on case committees
for areas outside the inner London area by paragraph 4( 2) above
to such extent and in such cases as may be determined by the proba-
tion and after-care committee for the inner London area.
Co-option of members of probation and after-care
committees and case committees
6.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, any probation
and after-care committee, and any case committee which is not a
probation and after-care committee, may co-opt such number of
persons as they think fit.
( 2) The number of members co-opted under sub- paragraph (1 )
above shall not not exceed one-third of the number of members of the
committee, and no person shall be so co- opted if he is a justice of the
peace for any county in which the probation and after- care area or
any part of it is situated, or which is wholly or partly comprised in
that area.
(3) The reference in sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above to a county includes
a reference to any London commission area within the meaning of the
Administration of Justice Act 1964 and to the City of London ; but
nothing in this paragraph applies to any case committee for an area
within the inner London area .
7.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, each probation
and after-care committee and each case committee which is not a
probation and after- care committee shall co-opt a suitable number of
persons having knowledge or experience of the after-care of dis-
charged offenders, and if it appears to the Secretary of State that any
such committee has failed to carry out the preceding requirement, he
may appoint to the committee such number of persons having the
knowledge or experience required as he thinks fit.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of paragraph 6 above
the number of persons who may be co-opted or appointed to any such
committee under that sub - paragraph and sub - paragraph (1) above
shall not exceed one-third of the number of members of the com-
mittee, and no person shall be co-opted or appointed under sub-
paragraph ( 1) above if he is a justice of the peace.
( 3) Nothing in this paragraph applies to any case committee for
an area within the inner London area.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c .62
1869
Probation officers
8.- (1) It shall be the duty of probation officers to supervise the
probationers and other persons placed under their supervision and
to advise, assist and befriend them, to inquire, in accordance with
any directions of the court, into the circumstances or home surround-
ings of any person with a view to assisting the court in determining
the most suitable method of dealing with his case, to advise, assist
and befriend, in such cases and in such manner as may be pre-
scribed, persons who have been released from custody and to per-
form such other duties as may be prescribed or may be imposed by
any enactment or instrument.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above " enactment " includes an enact-
ment contained in a local Act and " instrument " means an instrument
having effect by virtue of an Act.
9. The probation officer who is to be responsible for the super-
vision of any probationer shall be selected under arrangements made
by the probation and after-care committee for the probation and
after-care area which includes the petty sessions area for the time
being named in the order from among the probation officers
appointed for or assigned to that petty sessions area ; and, if the
probation officer so selected dies or is unable for any reason to
carry out his duties, or if the case committee dealing with the case
think it desirable that another officer should take his place, another
probation officer shall be selected in like manner from among the
probation officers appointed for or assigned to that petty sessions
area.
SCH. 3
PART II
FUNCTIONS IN RELATION TO THE REHABILITATION OF OFFENDERS
Functions of probation and after-care committees in relation to
community service orders
10.- (1) A probation and after- care committee may, with the
approval of the Secretary of State, secure that arrangements for
persons to perform work under community service orders are made
for their area or, if it comprises more than one petty sessions area,
for any of the petty sessions areas it comprises.
( 2) Where in pursuance of this paragraph a probation and after-
care committee secure the making of such arrangements, they shall
appoint a sub-committee ( to be known as the " community service
committee ") to superintend the working of the arrangements ; and
the community service committee shall consist of-
( a ) such members of the probation and after-care committee ;
and
(b ) such other persons (not being justices of the peace) ;
as may be appointed by the probation and after-care committee, but
so that the number of persons appointed under head (b) above shall
not exceed the number of those appointed under head ( a ).
1870 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 3 ( 3) For the purposes of any arrangements made in pursuance of
this paragraph for the whole or any part of the area of a probation
and after-care committee, that committee shall have power-
( a ) to appoint such staff as the committee think requisite ;
(b) to provide accommodation, equipment, materials and trans-
port ;
( c ) to make payments to any society or body in respect of
services rendered by them ;
( d ) to defray travelling and other expenses in connection with
the performance of work by persons in respect of whom
community service orders are in force.
Provision of establishments for use in connection with the
rehabilitation of offenders, etc.
11. A probation and after-care committee may, with the approval
of the Secretary of State, provide and carry on day training centres,
bail hostels, probation hostels, probation homes and other establish-
ments for use in connection with the rehabilitation of offenders.
12.- (1 ) A probation and after-care committee shall make such
payments and to such persons as may be prescribed in respect of
persons accommodated in probation hostels, probation homes and
bail hostels.
( 2 ) A probation and after-care committee may, in such cases and
in such manner as may be prescribed, give financial and other
assistance to persons remanded on bail.
PART III
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Travelling and subsistence allowances
13.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, a member
of a probation and after-care committee or case committee shall be
entitled-
( a ) to receive payments at the prescribed rates by way of travel-
ling allowance or subsistence allowance where expenditure
on travelling or, as the case may be, on subsistence is
necessarily incurred by him for the purpose of enabling him
to perform any of his duties as a member of the committee ;
and
( b ) to receive payments at the prescribed rate by way of
financial loss allowance where for that purpose he incurs
any other expenditure to which he would not otherwise
be subject or suffers any loss of earnings or of benefit under
the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967 which he would
otherwise have made or received.
( 2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) above, a person
appointed to a community service committee under paragraph 10(2) (b)
above shall be deemed to be a member of the probation and after-
care committee by which he is appointed, and duties performed by a
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1871
person as a member of a community service committee shall be
SCH. 3
deemed to be performed by him as a member of the probation and
after-care committee by which the community service committee is
appointed.
( 3) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply in relation to a
member of a case committee for an area within the inner London
area.
Adjustment of expenses of probation and after-care committees
inter se
14.- (1 ) Where a probation officer is appointed for more than one
probation and after-care area, his salary and any expenses incurred
by him or by a probation and after-care committee in respect of the
performance of his duties, and any expenses incurred in respect of a
superannuation allowance, gratuity or compensation payable to or in
respect of him or any clerk appointed to assist him under any
regulations under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 shall 1972 с. 11 .
be apportioned between the probation and after-care committees
for the several probation and after-care areas for which he is
appointed, in such manner as may be agreed between the com-
mittees concerned after consultation with the local authorities which,
by virtue of paragraph 15 below, are required to defray the expenses
of those committees, or as in default of agreement may be deter-
mined by the Secretary of State.
( 2) Where a probation and after- care committee arrange for a
person in another committee's area to perform work under a com-
munity service order, the probation and after-care committee for the
other area shall make to the first-mentioned committee such
payments in respect of that person and the arrangements made for
him as may be agreed between the committees concerned or as in
default of agreement may be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 3) A probation and after- care committee shall, in respect of any
person under the supervision of a probation officer for their area
who attends at a day training centre carried on by another com-
mittee, make to the other committee such payments as may be agreed
between the committees concerned or as in default of agreement may
be determined by the Secretary of State.
Expenses of probation and after-care committees to be borne by
local authorities
15.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below and to paragraph 16
below the sums required to meet-
( a) any expenses incurred by a probation and after-care com-
mittee under the provisions of this Schedule (including
allowances under paragraph 13) ;
( b) any expenses incurred by a probation and after- care com-
mittee in respect of superannuation allowances, gratuities or
compensation payable by virtue of regulations under
section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 to or in respect
of probation officers and clerks appointed by probation and
after-care committees or probation officers to assist pro-
bation officers in the performance of their duties ; and
1872 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 3
1964 с. 42.
( c ) any other expenses incurred by a probation and after- care
committee in accordance with rules made under this
Schedule ;
shall be defrayed, in accordance with rules so made, by the local
authority in whose area the probation and after-care area is situated.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply to any expenses
incurred by a probation and after-care committee in providing and
carrying on probation hostels, probation homes and bail hostels.
( 3) Where a probation and after-care area is situated in the area of
two or more local authorities, the sums to be defrayed under sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above shall be apportioned between the several
authorities in such manner as may be agreed between them or as in
default of agreement may be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 4 ) Any expenditure incurred by virtue of this paragraph in
relation to a probation and after-care area in any outer London
area ( within the meaning of the Administration of Justice Act 1964 )
by the Greater London Council shall be chargeable only on the outer
London boroughs .
Special provision for expenses of the probation and after-care
committee for the inner London area
16. Paragraph 15 above shall not apply in relation to expenses
incurred by the probation and after-care committee for the inner
London area, but there shall be paid out of the metropolitan police
fund such sums as the Secretary of State may direct to meet the
expenses and contributions which, in the case of a probation and
after-care area outside Greater London, would be payable by
virtue of that paragraph by the local authority.
Provision of accommodation by local authorities for the probation
and after-care service
17.- (1) In any case in which a local authority would be liable
under paragraph 15(1) or ( 3) above to defray all or part of the
expenses incurred by a probation and after-care committee in pro-
viding any accommodation, the local authority may, subject to the
provisions of this paragraph, itself provide the accommodation in
question for the use of the committee.
( 2 ) A local authority shall not by virtue of this paragraph pro-
vide any accommodation for the use of a probation and after-care
committee except with the agreement-
( a ) of the committee ; and
( b ) if the expenses of the committee in providing the accom-
modation would have fallen to be defrayed partly by that
authority and partly by one or more other local authorities,
of the other local authority or authorities.
( 3 ) Where in accordance with sub-paragraph ( 2)( b) above a local
authority provides accommodation with the agreement of one or
more other local authorities, that authority shall be entitled to
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1873
receive from the other authority or authorities such contribution to
its expenditure in providing the accommodation as may be agreed
between them or as in default of agreement may be determined by
the Secretary of State.
SCH. 3
Rules
18.- (1) The Secretary of State may make rules-
( a ) regulating the constitution, procedure, powers and duties
of probation and after-care committees, community service
committees and case committees, and the expenses which
may be incurred by them and the manner in which those
expenses are to be defrayed ;
( b) regulating the qualifications, manner of appointment, con-
ditions of service and duties of probation officers and
staff appointed under paragraph 10 above ;
( c ) prescribing anything else which under the preceding provi-
sions of this Schedule may be prescribed ;
and in those provisions the expression " prescribed " means pre-
scribed by rules of the Secretary of State.
( 2) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (1) above, the Secretary
of State may by rules made under this Schedule make provision as
to the manner in which paragraph 13 above is to be administered, and
in particular may make provision-
(a ) for prescribing the rates of allowances and the forms to be
used and the particulars to be provided for the purpose of
claiming payment of the allowances under that paragraph ;
and
(b ) for avoiding duplication between payments under that para-
graph and under other arrangements where expenditure is
incurred for more than one purpose, and otherwise for
preventing abuses .
( 3) Nothing in any rules made under this paragraph with respect
to the constitution, procedure and functions of case committees shall
apply to a case committee for an area within the inner London area,
except in so far as may be determined under paragraph 5( 2) above by
the probation and after- care committee for that area.
Interpretation
19.- (1) In this Schedule, " the inner London area " has the same
meaning as in the Administration of Justice Act 1964.
( 2 ) Where a probation and after-care area constituted by an order
under paragraph 1(1) above is co-extensive with, or includes, a
metropolitan county, the local authority for the purposes of this
Schedule shall, so far as relates to the area of the metropolitan
county , be the county council alone (and not the councils of the
metropolitan districts within that county).
1964 с. 42.
1874 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
Section 55.
1889 с. 63 .
1948 с. 58.
1969 с. 54.
SCHEDULE 4
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
General
1. Without prejudice to the provisions of section 38 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals)
( a ) nothing in any repeal made by this Act shall affect any order
or rule made, certificate issued, requirement or condition
imposed or thing done under any enactment repealed by
this Act, and every such order, rule, certificate, requirement,
condition or thing shall, if in force at the commencement
of this Act, continue in force ( subject to the provisions of
this Act) and be deemed to have been made, issued, imposed
or done under the corresponding provisions of this Act ; and
(b) any reference in any document (including an enactment) to
any enactment repealed by this Act, whether a specific
reference or a reference to provisions of a description which
includes, or apart from any repeal made by this Act includes,
the enactment so repealed, shall be construed as a reference
to the corresponding enactment in this Act.
Transitional provisions with respect to repeals made by the
Children and Young Persons Act 1969
2.- (1 ) The modifications of sections 51 and 57 of this Act con-
tained in sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) below shall have effect for the
purpose of preserving certain words omitted from sections 77 and 80
of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 by repeals made by the Children
and Young Persons Act 1969, in so far as the relevant repeals are
not yet in force at the commencement of this Act ; and an order
may be made by the Secretary of State under section 73( 2) and (3)
of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969 with respect to any
such modification as if providing that any such modification shall
cease to have effect constituted bringing the repeal of the words
preserved by the modification into force, and as if that repeal and any
ofthe following provisions of this paragraph were a provision of that
Act .
( 2 ) In section 51 of this Act-
(a) in subsection (1 )(a), after the word " homes " where it first
"
occurs there shall be inserted the words or in remand
homes or approved schools " and for the words " officers
or servants in such hostels or homes " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " such officers or servants as aforesaid " ;
and
( b) in subsection ( 4)(c), after the word " serving " there shall be
inserted the words " in remand homes or and after the
word " homes " there shall be inserted the words " or in
approved schools ".
( 3 ) In section 57 of this Act the following definitions shall be
inserted at the appropriate points in alphabetical order : -
"" approved school ' means a school approved under section 79
of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 ;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1875
' remand home ' means premises established or used by the
council of a county or county borough under the pro-
visions of section 77 of the Children and Young Persons
Act 1933 ".
SCH. 4
SCHEDULE 5
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Children and Young Persons Act 1933
1. In section 55 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933
( power to order parent to pay fine etc. instead of child or young
person ), in subsection (1), for the words 66
section 1 of the Criminal
Justice Act 1972 " there shall be substituted the words " section 35
of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
The Criminal Justice Act 1948
2. In section 19 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 ( orders requiring
attendance at an attendance centre), in subsection (1), for the words
" section six of this Act " there shall be substituted the words
" sec-
tion six of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
The Criminal Justice (Scotland ) Act 1949
3. In section 7 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland ) Act 1949
( probation orders relating to persons residing in England)
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " petty sessional division "
and " that division " there shall be substituted respectively
the words " petty sessions area " and " that area " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ), for the words from " the Criminal Justice
Act 1948 " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " the Powers of Criminal Courts Act
1973 (except section 8 of that Act ) shall apply to the
order as if it were a probation order made under section 2
of that Act :
Provided that section 6(2)(a), ( 3) (d) and (6 ) of that Act
shall not apply to any such order and section 6( 4 ) and (5)
of that Act shall have effect respectively in relation to any
such order as if for the first reference in section 6( 4) to
the Crown Court there were substituted a reference to a
court in Scotland and as if for the second such reference
therein and for both such references in section 6( 5 ) there
were substituted references to the court in Scotland by
which the probation order was made or amended under
this section " ;
66
( c ) in subsection ( 5 ), for the words from petty sessional
division " to " 1948) " there shall be substituted the words
66 petty sessions area for which the supervising court within
the meaning of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " ;
Section 56 (1 ) .
1933 с. 12.
1948 с. 58.
1949 с. 94.
1876 c . 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 5 ( d ) in subsection ( 6 ), for the words " court of summary jurisdic-
tion " in both places where they occur there shall be
substituted the words " magistrates' court " ;
( e ) in subsection ( 7 ), for the words " petty sessional division "
in both places where they occur there shall be substituted
the words " petty sessions area " ;
( f ) in subsection ( 8), for the words " section nine of the Criminal
Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 10 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
and for the words " section three " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 2 " .
1952 с. 55.
1967 с. 80.
The Magistrates ' Courts Act 1952
4. In section 29 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 ( committal
for sentence for indictable offence tried summarily), for the words
" section twenty-nine of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall
be substituted the words " section 42 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 " .
5. In section 64 of that Act (enforcement of sums adjudged to be
"
paid ) in subsection (1), after the words seven of this Act " there
shall be inserted the words " and section nineteen of the Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
6. In section 72B of that Act (transfer of fine orders from Scotland ),
in subsection (3), for the words " section 44( 3) of the Criminal
Justice Act 1967 " there shall be substituted the words " section
32(1) of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
7. In section 110(1) of that Act (detention of offenders for one
day in court-house or police station ) the words " thirty-nine or "
( inserted by the Criminal Justice Act 1967 ) shall cease to have
effect .
1954 с. 48. The Summary Jurisdiction ( Scotland ) Act 1954
8. In section 44 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland ) Act 1954
( transfer of fine orders within and from Scotland ), in subsection
( 5 ), for the words " section 47 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 "
there shall be substituted the words " section 31 of the Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
1957 с. 27. The Solicitors Act 1957
9. In section 38 of the Solicitors Act 1957 (control of employment
of certain clerks) , in subsection (5)(a), for the words " Criminal
Justice Act 1948 " and " section twelve of that Act" there shall be
substituted respectively the words " Powers of Criminal Courts Act
1973 " and " section 13 of that Act ".
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c . 62
1877
The Metropolitan Magistrates ' Courts Act 1959 SCH. 5
10. In section 3 of the Metropolitan Magistrates' Courts Act 1959 1959 c. 45.
( power of Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District to provide
premises for probation purposes), in subsection ( 2), for the words
"section seventy-seven of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall
be substituted the words " section 51 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 ", and for the words " Fifth Schedule " in both places
where they occur there shall be substituted the words " Third
Schedule ".
The First Offenders (Scotland ) Act 1960
11. In section 1 of the First Offenders ( Scotland) Act 1960
( restriction on imprisonment of first offenders), in subsection (3A),
for the words in paragraph (b) " section 12 of the Criminal Justice
Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words " section 13 of the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ".
1960 с. 23.
The Criminal Justice Act 1961
12. In section 5( 5 ) of the Criminal Justice Act 1961 ( construction
of references to terms of imprisonment ), for the words " sections
fourteen and fifteen of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall
be substituted the words " sections 31 and 32 of the Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
13. In section 39( 1) of that Act (interpretation ), in the definition
of " the statutory restrictions upon the imprisonment of young
offenders " , for the words from " subsection (1) " to " 1952 " there
shall be substituted the words " section 19( 1) of the Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
1961 с. 39.
The Administration of Justice Act 1964
14. In section 37 of the Administration of Justice Act 1964
(financial provisions), in subsection ( 4), for the words " section 77( 3)(a)
of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the
words " section 51( 3)(a ) of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ",
and the following shall be substituted for paragraph (b) -
" (b) in relation to payments under section 51( 3)(a ) of the said
Act of 1973, expenses under Schedule 3 to that Act ; ”.
1964 с. 42.
The Fugitive Offenders Act 1967
15. In section 15 of the Fugitive Offenders Act 1967 (restoration
of persons not tried or acquitted or discharged), in subsection (2)(b),
for the words " the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
1967 с. 68.
1878 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 5
1967 с. 80.
The Criminal Justice Act 1967
16. In section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 (restrictions
on passing sentence in the absence of the defendant ), in subsection
( 1 ), for the words " section 40 of this Act " there shall be substituted
the words " section 23 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
17. In section 32 of that Act (amendments of Costs in Criminal
Cases Act 1952), in subsection ( 3)( a), for the words " section 4 of the
Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 3 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
18. In section 48 of that Act ( enforcement in Scotland of fines
imposed by the Crown Court), in subsection (1), for the words " the
last foregoing section " there shall be substituted the words " section
31 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ".
19. In section 54 of that Act (miscellaneous provisions as to pro-
bation orders) , in subsection (8)-
( a ) in paragraph (a), for the words " section 4( 2) of the Criminal
Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 3(2) of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ",
and for the words " the said sections 3 and 4 " there shall be
substituted the words " section 3 of the said Act of 1949
and section 3 of the said Act of 1973 " ;
( b ) in paragraph (b ), for the words " the said section 4 " in the
first place where they occur there shall be substituted the
words " section 3 of the said Act of 1973 " and for those
words in the second place where they occur there shall be
substituted the words " that section ".
20. In section 56 of that Act ( committal for sentence for offences
tried summarily) -
(a ) in subsection ( 1)(a ) , for the words " section 41(1) of this
Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 24(1 )
of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " ; and
(b) in subsection (2), for the words from " section 8( 4) " to
the end there shall be substituted the words " sections 28
and 29 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 ( committal for
sentence), section 62( 6) of this Act and sections 8(6) (proba-
tioner convicted of subsequent offence) and 24(2 ) (com-
mittal to be dealt with in respect of a suspended sentence)
of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
21. In section 62 of that Act (revocation of licences and conviction
of prisoners on licence), in subsection (6 ), for the words " section 29
of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the
words " section 42 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
22. In section 67 of that Act ( computation of sentences of
imprisonment passed in England and Wales), in subsection (2), for
the words " section 40 of this Act " there shall be substituted the
words " section 23 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1879
23. In section 73 of that Act (power to order legal aid to be
given ), there shall be inserted after subsection ( 8 ) (in place of the
subsection inserted by Schedule 5 to the Criminal Justice Act 1972)
the following subsection-
" (8A ) Where a person makes an application to a magistrates'
court under section 37 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 (review of compensation orders ) the court may
order that he shall be given legal aid for the purpose of the
proceedings before the court ".
24. In section 74 of that Act (supplementary provisions as to
legal aid orders ), in subsection (12 ) , for the words from " or 8 " to
" this Act " there shall be substituted the words " 8, 16, 17(1 ) or (2),
23 or 27 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
25. In section 84(1) of that Act (interpretation of Part IV of that
Act ), in the definition of " committed for sentence " for the words
from " section 6" to " this Act " there shall be substituted the words
66 section 28 or 29 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952, section 67
of the Mental Health Act 1959, section 62( 6) of the Criminal Justice
Act 1967, or section 6, 8, 16, 17(2)(b) or 24 of the Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
26. In section 104 of that Act ( general provisions as to interpreta-
tion ), in subsection (1)-
( a ) for the definition of " extended sentence certificate " there
shall be substituted the following-
"" extended sentence certificate ' means a certificate
issued under section 28 of the Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973 stating that an extended term of imprisonment
was imposed on an offender under that section " ; and
( b ) for the definition of " suspended sentence there shall be
substituted the following-
666 suspended sentence ' means a sentence to which an
order under section 22(1) of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 relates ".
27. In section 106( 2)(b) of that Act (provisions extending to
"
Scotland ), for the words from " 38( 7) " to " 54(6) to there shall
be substituted the words " 48, 54( 6 ) and ".
Criminal Appeal Act 1968
28. In section 10 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 ( appeal against
sentence in cases dealt with by the Crown Court otherwise than on
conviction on indictment ), in subsection (3)(c)(iii) , for the words
" section 40 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 23 of the Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973 " .
29. In section 11 of that Act (supplementary provisions as to
appeal against sentence), in subsection (4)—
( a ) for the words " section 40(1) of the Criminal Justice Act
1967 " there shall be substituted the words " section 23(1)
of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " ; and
(b) for the words in paragraph (b) " the said section 40(1) "
there shall be substituted the words " the said section 23(1 ) "
SCH. 5
1968 с. 19.
1880 SCH. 5
1968 с. 49.
1968 с. 64. 1968 с. 70. 1969 с. 54. c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
The Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968
30. In section 94 of the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 ( inter-
pretation ), in subsection ( 1), in the definition of " probation order "
for the words " section 3 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there
shall be substituted the words " section 2 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 " .
The Civil Evidence Act 1968
31. In section 11 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 ( convictions as
evidence in civil proceedings), in subsection (5), for the words in
paragraph (a) " section 12 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there
shall be substituted the words " section 13 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 " .
The Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968
32. In section 10 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions )
( Scotland ) Act 1968 (convictions as evidence in civil proceedings),
in subsection ( 5), for the words in paragraph (a) " section 12 of
the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 13 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
The Children and Young PersonsAct 1969
33. In section 3( 6 ) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969
( powers of court where it finds offence condition satisfied in care
proceedings), in paragraph (a ), for the words " section 1 of the
Criminal Justice Act 1972 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 35 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
34. In section 6 of that Act (summary trial of young persons),
in subsection ( 3), for the words " section 107( 2 ) of the said Act of
1952 " there shall be substituted the words " section 19(1) of the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
35. In section 13 of that Act (selection of supervisor for person
subject to a supervision order), in subsection (2 ), for the words from
"by paragraph " to " paragraph 6( b) " there shall be substituted
66
the words on probation officers by paragraph 8 of Schedule 3 to
the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 or by rules under paragraph
18(1)(b) " .
36. In section 46 of that Act ( discontinuance of approved
schools, etc. , on establishment of community homes), in subsection
( 1 ) , for the words from " remand home " to " 1948 " there shall be
66
substituted the words or remand home within the meaning of
the Criminal Justice Act 1948 or approved probation hostel or
approved probation home within the meaning of the Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1881
37. In section 48 of that Act (financial provisions applicable on
cessation of controlled or assisted community home ), in subsection
( 5 )(b), for the words " section 77( 3)(b) of the Criminal Justice Act
1948 " there shall be substituted the words " section 51 (3)( c) of the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
38. In Schedule 3 to that Act (provisions as to approved schools
and other institutions) -
(a ) in paragraphs 6(1) and 9( 2 )(b ), for the words " section 77
of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 51 of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 " ;
(b ) in paragraph 9( 4)(b), for the words " Schedule 5 to the
Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the
words " Schedule 3 to the Powers of Criminal Courts Act
1973 " ;
(c) in paragraph 10(4)(b), after the words " section 77( 3)(b) of
the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall be inserted the
66
words or under section 51 ( 3)( c ) of the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 " .
39. In Schedule 4 to that Act ( transitional provisions and savings)
in paragraph 12( 3 ), for the words " Criminal Justice Act 1948 "
there shall be substituted the words " Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973 " .
SCH. 5
The Administration of Justice Act 1970
40. In Part I of Schedule 9 to the Administration of Justice Act
1970 ( orders for costs, compensation, etc. , enforceable as on a
summary conviction ), for paragraphs 10 and 11 as originally
enacted there shall be substituted ( in place of the paragraph substi-
tuted for those paragraphs and the paragraph 9A inserted by section
8 of the Criminal Damage Act 1971 by Schedule 5 to the Criminal
Justice Act 1972 ) the following paragraph-
" 10. Where under section 35 of the Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973 a court orders the payment ofcompensation.".
The Courts Act 1971
41. In section 53 of the Courts Act 1971 (administrative functions
of justices ), in subsection (7 )( a ), for the words " made under para-
graph 1 of Schedule 5 to the Criminal Justice Act 1948 " there shall
be substituted the words " deemed to be made under paragraph 1
of Schedule 3 to the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ".
The Industrial Relations Act 1971
42. In paragraph 28 of Schedule 3 to the Industrial Relations Act
1971 (provisions as to fines imposed by the Industrial Court ), in sub-
paragraph (1), for the words from " section 14 " to " 1967 " there shall
be substituted the words " the provisions of sections 31 and 32 of the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " and the words " to a court
of assize or " shall be omitted .
1970 с. 31 .
1971 с. 23.
1971 с. 72.
1882 c.62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
SCH. 5
1972 с. 20.
1972 с. 71 .
The Road Traffic Act 1972
43. In section 102 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 (combination of
disqualification and endorsement with probation orders and orders
for discharge in England and Wales), for the words, in subsection (1),
" section 12( 2) of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 ", and for the words,
in subsection ( 2 ), " section 12( 1) of the said Act of 1948 ", there shall
be substituted respectively the words " section 13( 3) of the Powers
of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " and " section 13(1) of the said Act of
1973 ".
44. In section 105 of that Act (supplementary provisions as to dis-
qualifications and endorsements), in subsection ( 2 ), after the words
66
" Criminal Justice Act 1972 " there shall be inserted the words or
section 44(3) of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " and for the
words " that section " there shall be substituted the words " section
24 or 44, as the case may be " .
The Criminal Justice Act 1972
45. In section 23 of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 (power to
deprive offender of property used, or intended for use, for purposes
of crime ), in subsection (5 ), for the words from " in regard " to
" of this section " there shall be substituted the words " that any
property which was in his possession or under his control at the
time of his apprehension-
( a ) has been used for the purpose of committing, or facilitating
the commission of, any offence ; or
( b ) was intended by him to be used for that purpose ".
46. In section 24 of that Act ( driving disqualification where vehicle
used for purposes of crime )—
(a ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " mentioned " to the
end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words
" of committing, or facilitating the commission of, the
offence, the court may order that person to be disqualified,
for such period as the court thinks fit , for holding or
obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under
Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1972 " ; and
( b) in subsection ( 3), for the words " subsection (1) " there shall
be substituted the words " subsection (2) ".
47. In section 49 of that Act ( community service order in lieu of
warrant of commitment for failure to pay fine, etc.) -
( a ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from the beginning to " this
Act" in the second place where it occurs there shall be
substituted the words " In this section ' community service
order ' has the same meaning as in the Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 and section 14(2) of that Act and, so far
as applicable, the other provisions of that Act ", and for the
words " subsection ( 3) of section 17 " and " section 18(1)(b)
of this Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words
" subsection (3) of section 16 " and " section 17( 2 )( a ) of that
Act "; and
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.62
1883
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ), for the words" section 47( 3) of the Criminal
Justice Act 1967 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 32(1) of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
48. In Schedule 2 to that Act (ineligibility and disqualification for
and excusal from jury service ), in the entry relating to probation
homes and hostels and bail hostels, for the words "(as defined in
section 53 of this Act ) " there shall be substituted the words " (within
the meaning of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973) " .
The Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1973
49. In section 18 of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1973 (miscel-
laneous applications of that Act)
( a ) in subsection (1)(b), for the words " section 29 of that Act "
there shall be substituted the words " section 42 of the
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 " ; and
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ), for paragraphs (a ), (b ) and ( c ) there shall
be substituted the following paragraphs-
" ( a ) proceedings for dealing with an offender under
section 6, 8 or 10 of the Powers of Criminal Courts Act
1973 (probation orders and orders for conditional
discharge ) ;
( b) proceedings under section 16 or 17 of that Act
(community service orders) ; and
(c ) proceedings under section 23(1) or 27 of that Act
for dealing with an offender in respect of a suspended
sentence or for breach of a suspended sentence supervision
order".
The Social Security Act 1973
50. In Schedule 23 to the Social Security Act 1973 (proceedings
for offences, etc.), in paragraph 11(1), for the words " Criminal
Justice Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words " Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 " .
SCH. 5
1973 с. 14.
1973 с. 38.
1884 c. 62
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973
Section 56( 2 ) .
SCHEDULE 6
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
11 &12Geo. 6. The Criminal Justice Act Sections 3 to 12 and 14.
c. 58.
1948.
Section 17(1), (2) and (6 ) .
Sections 29, 43 and 45 to 47.
Section 77, except subsection
( 6 ), and, in subsection (1 ), the
words " Any expenses of the
Secretary of State under this
Act" and the words from
" shall " to the end of the
subsection.
In section 80, in subsection (1)
the definitions of " approved
probationhostel ", " , " approved
probation home "offence
,
the sentence for which is fixed
by law ", " order for condi-
tional discharge ", "period
of conditional discharge",
" probationer ", " probation
order ", " probation period",
"
sum adjudged to be paid by
66
a conviction" and super-
vising court ", and subsection
( 5 ).
Section 81 , so far as relates to
sections 8, 9, 11 and 12.
Schedules 1 and 5.
In Schedule 8, paragraphs 3 to
9 .
12, 13 & 14
The Criminal Justice
In Schedule 11, the entry relat-
Geo. 6. c. 94.
(Scotland) Act 1949 .
ing to section 9 ofthe Criminal
Justice Act 1948.
12, 13 & 14
The Justices of the Peace
Sections 36 and 37.
Geo. 6. c.
Act 1949.
101 .
15 & 16Geo. 6
The Magistrates' Courts Section 107( 2 ) , (3 ) .
& 1 Eliz. 2.
Act 1952.
In section 110 (1), the words
c. 55.
" thirty-nine or
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Mental Health Act In Part I of Schedule 7, the
c. 72. 1959.
entry relating to the Criminal
Justice Act 1948 .
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Criminal Justice Act
Section 2(2) .
с. 39.
1961.
Section 9.
1964 с. 42.
The Administration of
Section 22.
Justice Act 1964.
In section 31 , subsection (1) in
so far as it amends s. 36 of the
Justices of the Peace Act 1949 .
In Schedule 3, paragraph 19(2),
( 3 ).
1967 с. 58.
The Criminal Law Act Section 7.
1967 с. 80.
1967.
The Criminal Justice Act Sections 37 to 42.
1967. Section 47.
In section 48, in subsection (1 )
the words " of a magistrates '
court or ", the words from
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 c. 62
1885
SCH. 6
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1967 с. 80
-cont.
The Criminal Justice Act
1967 - cont .
" section 72A" to " Scotland )
or", and the words " magis-
trates' court or ", and sub-
section ( 2 ).
In section 50, the words from
" and in " to the end of the
section.
Sections 52 and 53 .
In section 54, subsections (1) to
( 3), (5 ) and (7 ) .
Sections 55 and 57.
Section 95 except subsection
( 1 ).
Section 96.
Section 99.
Section 106( 3)( b) , so far as
relates to section 38(7 ) .
In Schedule 6, paragraph 6.
1968 с. 69.
The Justices of the Peace
Section 4 (5 ) and (6 ) .
Act 1968.
1969 с. 54.
The Children and Young
Section 7( 2 ) .
Persons Act 1969 .
In Schedule 4, paragraph 5(2).
In Schedule 5, paragraph 45.
1971 с. 23 . The Courts Act 1971 .
Section 53(2)(a) .
In Schedule 8 : -
in paragraph 24, sub-para-
graph ( a ) and in sub-
paragraph (b) the words
" 14 ( 5) ";
paragraphs 25 to 27 ;
paragraph 48( a), so far as
relates to sections 40, 41,
47 , 48 and 54 of the
Criminal Justice Act 1967;
paragraphs 51 , 53 and 54.
1971 с. 72. The Industrial Relations In Schedule 3, in paragraph
Act 1971. "
28( 1) the words to a court
of assize or " .
1972 с. 70. The Local Government In section 217(5 ), the words
Act 1972 . from" but" to the end of the
subsection.
1972 с. 71 . The Criminal Justice Act Part I except sections 6, 23(5)
1972.
and (6 ), and 24(2) to ( 4) .
Sections 37, 40, 51 (3), 52 to 57,
and 66(3) and (4 ) .
Schedule 1.
In Schedule 5, the entry relating
to the Criminal Justice Act
1948, paragraphs (b), (e), ( f)
and (g) of the entry relating
to the Criminal Justice Act
1967, and paragraph ( b) of the
entry relating to Part I of
Schedule 9 to the Administra-
tion of Justice Act 1970.
Part III
F
c. 63 1887
OH
PENSE
DIEUET MON DRON
Government Trading Funds
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 63
AnAct to enable certain services ofthe Crownto be financed
by means of trading funds established in pursuance of
orders made by the responsible Minister with Treasury
concurrence; to make consequential provision ( in the
event of a trading fund being established for the Mint)
as to sums received by, or due from, the Treasury in
respect of the coinage; and to amend the Coinage Act
1971 in respect of the establishment and operations of
the Mint. [ 25th October 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled , and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. (1 ) In the case of any of the Crown services to which this Establishment
Act applies, the responsible Minister, if it appears to him expedient of trading
in the interests ofthe improved commercial operation and public funds for certain
accountability of that service, may by order direct that, as services of
from a day appointed by the order, the operations of the service the Crown .
or such of its operations as the order prescribes shall be financed
by means of a trading fund established with public money,
instead of by means of annual votes and appropriations .
( 2 ) The making of an order under this section shall require the
concurrence of the Treasury.
( 3) This Act applies to the following Crown services, namely-
( a ) the Royal Ordnance Factories ;
( b) the Royal Dockyards ;
(c ) the Royal Mint ;
(d ) Her Majesty's Stationery Office ;
Part III F2
1888 Finance .
c . 63
Government Trading Funds Act 1973
( e ) the service which is known at the passing of this Act as
the Supplies Division of the Property Services Agency
of the Department of the Environment and is concerned
with the provision of goods and services to government
departments and other agencies in the public domain;
and
( f ) any other service, managed by a Minister of the Crown or
a government department, in whose case the responsible
Minister and the Treasury are satisfied that its operations
consist of or include trading operations or operations in
the nature of trading ( whether with the public at large or
with government departments, or otherwise ) and are
suitable to be financed by means of a trading fund.
( 4 ) Where, in accordance with subsection (1) above, the
responsible Minister proposes to direct that any of the operations
of a service falling within subsection (3)( f) above shall be financed
by means of a trading fund he shall, if he considers that those
operations consist substantially of the provision of goods and
services in the United Kingdom otherwise than to government
departments, consult such persons as appear to him to be appro-
priate .
( 5 ) In accordance with section 2 below, the capital of a trading
fund shall be provided by way of loan from the National Loans
Fund, subject to the provision made-
( a ) by section 2( 2 ) and (6 ) with respect to public dividend
capital and the return on it; and
( b ) by section 3, as to the payments which are to be made
into and out of the trading fund.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this Act, " the responsible Minister "
in relation to any Crown service, is the Minister of the Crown
who is for the time being responsible for the administration of
the service ; and , in relation to a trading fund , " the funded
operations " are the operations which are to be financed by means
of the fund.
2.- (1) With a view to the establishment of a trading fund for
any service, or to the making and implementation of any further
order extending the funded operations, the responsible Minister
shall with Treasury concurrence determine what Crown assets
and liabilities are properly attributable to those operations and
provide for their appropriation as assets and liabilities of the
fund at values determined by him in accordance with Treasury
directions.
( 2 ) The amount of the difference between the values of assets
and liabilities appropriated to the fund from time to time, less
such amount ( if any ), as the order establishing the fund, or any
such further order, may designate as public dividend capital
ranking as an asset of the Consolidated Fund, shall be deemed to
Government Trading Funds Act 1973 c. 63
1889
have been issued to the trading fund by way of loan from the
National Loans Fund; and this shall be the originating debt of
the trading fund or, on the making of any such further order,
shall be added to the amount of that debt.
( 3) There may be issued out of the National Loans Fund, by
way of further loan, any sums required for the funded operations ;
but the order establishing the trading fund shall limit the amounts
to be issued under this subsection by specifying the maximum
amount by which the total indebtedness of the trading fund to
the National Loans Fund in respect of principal (whether
indebtedness under subsection (2) above or this subsection) may
at any one time exceed the originating debt of the trading fund.
( 4 ) The limit imposed for the purposes of subsection (3) above
may be increased ( but not reduced ) from time to time by order
made by the responsible Minister with Treasury concurrence ;
but the aggregate of the limits in force in respect of all trading
funds shall not exceed £250 million at any one time.
( 5 ) The amount of any loan from the National Loans Fund
to the trading fund ( whether under subsection ( 2) or (3)) shall
be repaid at such times and by such methods, and interest on the
loan shall be paid at such rates and at such times, as the Treasury
may determine.
( 6 ) In the case of a trading fund comprising public dividend
capital designated under subsection ( 2) above, there shall in
respect of a financial year be paid out of the fund into the Consoli-
dated Fund such sums ( if any) by way of return on that capital
and its reserves as the responsible Minister may determine, with
Treasury concurrence, having regard to any balance in the fund
at the end of that year and the amount of the balance which
appears to the responsible Minister and the Treasury to be in
the nature of trading profit.
3.- (1) So long as any operations of a Crown service are Payments
financed by means of a trading fund- into, and
out of , a
( a ) there shall be paid into the fund all such sums as consist trading fund.
of , or represent, payments or finance for the provision
of relevant goods and services, whether provision to
government departments (including the department of
the responsible Minister ) or to others whether in or
outside the public domain; and
(b ) there shall be paid out of the fund all expenditure incurred
by the responsible Minister in respect of the provision of
relevant goods and services ;
and in this subsection " relevant goods and services " means all
goods and services which those operations are directed to
providing.
Part III F3
1890 Management
and
accounting.
c. 63
Government Trading Funds Act 1973
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1)( b) above, there shall
be paid out of the trading fund into the Consolidated Fund such
sums as may be appropriate as representing accruing liabilities
of the Minister for the Civil Service in respect of pensions,
gratuities and other similar benefits for persons who have been
employed in the funded operations and in respect of the adminis-
trative expenses attributable to those liabilities and their discharge ;
and
( a ) where for the fund that Minister is the responsible
Minister, it shall be for him to determine the sums
payable under this subsection; and
( b ) in other cases it shall be for the responsible Minister to
determine them in agreement with the Minister for the
Civil Service,
subject however in either case to any directions given by the
Treasury as to the amount of any payment or the time at which
it is to be made.
( 3) The enactments relating to public receipts, expenditure and
accounting shall have effect subject to the foregoing provisions
of this section, except as may be directed by the Treasury from
time to time; and if any question arises whether any particular
sums are required by those provisions to be paid into, or out of ,
the trading fund, that question shall be determined by the Treasury.
4 .- (1) A trading fund established under this Act for any
Crown service shall be under the control and management of the
responsible Minister; and in the discharge of his functions in
relation to the fund it shall be his duty-
( a ) to manage the funded operations so that the revenue of
the fund is not less than sufficient, taking one year with
another, to meet outgoings which are properly chargeable
to revenue account; and
( b ) to achieve such further financial objectives as the Treasury
may from time to time, by minute laid before the House
ofCommons, indicate as having been determined by the
responsible Minister ( with Treasury concurrence ) to be
desirable of achievement.
( 2) With Treasury concurrence, the responsible Minister may
establish and maintain general, capital and other reserves in the
accounts of the trading fund.
( 3) If at any time it appears to the responsible Minister that
any amount standing in the reserves of the trading fund is surplus
to any forseeable requirements of the funded operations, and he
so directs with Treasury concurrence, that amount shall be paid
into the Consolidated Fund.
Government Trading Funds Act 1973 c. 63
1891
( 4 ) In the case of a trading fund not comprising public dividend
capital designated under section 2( 2 ) above, any excess of the
revenues of the fund for a financial year over the total sums
properly chargeable to revenue account for that year shall be
applied by the responsible Minister for such purposes of the
funded operations as he may determine with Treasury con-
currence, or the whole or part of the excess may, if he so directs
( with that concurrence ) , be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
( 5 ) Any money in the fund which appears to the responsible
Minister not to be immediately required for the funded operations
may be invested by him in such securities of the Government of
the United Kingdom or of the Government of Northern Ireland
as the Treasury may approve, including Treasury Bills and Ways
and Means advances .
( 6 ) The Treasury shall appoint an accounting officer for the
fund, with responsibility for keeping its accounts and proper
records in relation thereto, and preparing and signing a statement
of the accounts in respect of each financial year; and-
( a ) the annual statement of accounts shall be in a form
approved by the Treasury and contain such additional
information with respect to financial results in the
previous year as the Treasury may require to be pro-
vided for the information of Parliament; and
( b) the statement in respect of each financial year shall, on
or before 30th November next following the end of
that year, be transmitted to the Comptroller and
Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the
statement and lay copies thereof , together with his
report thereon, before Parliament.
( 7 ) As respects any financial year during the whole of which
the operations of a service are financed by means of a trading
fund established under this Act, section 5 of the Exchequer and
Audit Departments Act 1921 ( preparation and examination of 1921 c. 52.
accounts of trading services conducted by government depart-
ments) shall not apply to that service; but otherwise subsection
( 6 ) above is without prejudice to anything in that Act or the
Exchequer and Audit Departments Act 1866. 1866 с. 39.
5. If a trading fund is established under this Act for the Mint, Provisions
then as from the day appointed in relation to the fund under as to the coinage.
section 1(1) of this Act-
( a ) any sums received by or on behalf of the Treasury in
respect of coin issued for circulation shall be paid into
the Consolidated Fund; and
( b ) any sums due from the Treasury as payment for coin
withdrawn from circulation shall be charged on and
issued out of that Fund.
Part III F4
1892 c. 63
Government Trading Funds Act 1973
Orders.
The Mint.
1971 с. 24.
6.- (1) Orders made in the exercise of any power conferred by
this Act shall be made by statutory instrument and may be varied
or revoked by a further order made under the power.
( 2 ) No order under section 1 above shall be made unless a
draft of a statutory instrument containing it has been laid before
the House of Commons and approved by a resolution of that
House.
( 3) An order under section 2( 4) above, if not contained in
a statutory instrument of which a draft has been approved by
a resolution of the House of Commons, shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of that House.
( 4 ) Where by virtue of subsection ( 4 ) of section 1 above a
Minister has held consultations in relation to proposals for the
financing of any operations of a service by means of a trading
fund, he shall, before laying, in accordance with subsection ( 2 )
above, a draft instrument containing the order giving effect to
those proposals, lay a report of the results of those consultations,
and of his conclusions , before Parliament.
7.- (1) For purposes of this Act the Chancellor of the
Exchequer is to be regarded as the Minister responsible for the
administration of the Mint; and this Act, so far as it requires the
concurrence of the Treasury for the making of orders, or for
anything to be done under or for the purposes of section 2 or 4,
does not apply to him as responsible Minister in relation to the
Mint.
( 2 ) In section 4 of the Coinage Act 1971 ( which relates to the
constitution and functions of the Mint ), the following shall be
substituted for subsection ( 2 )-
" ( 2 ) There shall be a deputy master of the Mint, appointed
by the Treasury " ;
and subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) are hereby repealed; and subsections
( 6 ) and ( 7) (expenses and receipts ) shall not have effect for so
long as any operations of the Mint are financed by means of a
trading fund.
( 3) Section 5 of the said Act of 1971 ( coining ofbullion taken
to the Mint ) is hereby repealed.
( 4 ) In section 9( 1 ) of the said Act of 1971 ( prohibition of
coins and tokens not issued by authority ) for the words " by or
with the authority of the Mint " there shall be substituted the
words " with the authority of the Treasury".
( 5 ) Notwithstanding anything in the enactments relating to
the assay of gold and silver plate, the Mint may make a reasonable
charge for any work done at the Mint in accordance with those
enactments.
Government Trading Funds Act 1973 c. 63
1893
This subsection is hereby repealed as from 1st January 1975
( the date of the coming into force of superseding provisions of
the Hallmarking Act 1973); and section 38( 2) of the Interpre- 1973 c. 43 .
tation Act 1889 shall apply to this repeal as if this subsection had 1889 с. 63.
been repealed by another Act.
8. This Act may be cited as the Government Trading Funds Citation.
Act 1973 .
c. 64 1895
HONIS
DIEU
PENSE
DROIT
ET
Maplin Development
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 64
An Act to provide for the reclamation from the sea of
certain land for the purpose of the establishment of an
airport and a seaport in south-east Essex, and for the
development for other purposes of so much of the
land as is not required for that purpose ; for the
granting of planning permission required for the
construction and operation of the airport and the
seaport ; and for purposes connected with those
matters . [25th October 1973 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
The Maplin Development Authority
1.- (1 ) There shall be a body known as the Maplin The Maplin
Development Authority, which shall be a body corporate having Development
perpetual succession and a common seal. Authority.
( 2) The Maplin Development Authority shall consist of not
more than eleven members appointed by the Secretary of State
and the Secretary of State shall appoint one of them to be
chairman and one to be deputy chairman of the Authority.
(3) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the Maplin Development Authority.
c .64
1896 Maplin Development Act 1973
Reclamation
and disposal
ofland in
Maplin area.
2.- (1 ) For the purpose of reclaiming land from the sea for
the establishment of an airport and a seaport in the area com-
prising Maplin Sands and Foulness Sands in south- east Essex
the Maplin Development Authority may after such date as the
Secretary of State may by order appoint carry out works in the
line and in accordance with the levels shown on the deposited
plan and the deposited section ; but the works may deviate,
from that line and upwards from those levels, to the extent of
the limits of deviation so shown, and, downwards from those
levels, to any extent.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) of this section, so much of the
reclaimed land as is required for the provision of the airport shall
be made available by the Authority to the British Airports
Authority.
( 3) So much of the reclaimed land as is required for the provi-
sion of air navigation services shall be made available by the
Authority to the Civil Aviation Authority or, if it is part of the
land required for the provision of the airport, either to the Civil
Aviation Authority or to the British Airports Authority.
( 4 ) So much of the reclaimed land as is required for the
provision of the seaport shall be made available by the Authority
to the Port of London Authority.
( 5) The remainder may be-
(a ) used by the Authority for such recreational, amenity
or other purposes, but not commercial or industrial
purposes ; or
(b) made available by the Authority for such purposes,
including commercial or industrial purposes,
as the Secretary of State may approve.
( 6) In considering whether to approve any industrial purpose
as a purpose for which any land may be made available under
subsection (5) (b) of this section the Secretary of State shall
have regard to the interests of the environment of any area that
may be affected by the use of that land for that purpose, and
he shall not give his approval unless satisfied that the use of
the land for that purpose would be consistent with the proper
distribution of industry and employment.
( 7 ) Any question whether or in what state any land is to be
made available under subsection (2), (3) or ( 4) of this section,
or when different parts of the land to be made available under
each of those subsections are to be reclaimed, shall be decided
by the Maplin Development Authority in accordance with
the reasonable requirements of the British Airports Authority
or, as the case may be, the Civil Aviation Authority or the Port
of London Authority but shall, in default of agreement between
the Authorities concerned, be decided by the Secretary of State.
( 8) Land to be made available under this section may be made
available either by the conveyance of the fee simple or by the
c.64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1897
grant of lesser interests, and the Authority shall acquire such
interests in the land or make such arrangements for the convey-
ance or grant as may be necessary for that purpose.
( 9) The power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament ; and before making such an order the Secretary of
State shall consult with the Civil Aviation Authority, the British
Airports Authority, the National Ports Council, the Port of
London Authority, the Maplin Development Authority and such
other persons as appear to him appropriate, and shall lay a
report of the consultations and of his conclusions before
Parliament and shall state in that report his assessment of the
likely effect on other regions of any development to be carried
out in or near the area in which land is to be reclaimed.
3.- ( 1) The Maplin Development Authority may carry out Ancillary
such works and do such other things as may be necessary or functions of
expedient- Maplin
Development
( a) in connection with the works authorised by section 2 Authority.
of this Act or for the maintenance of any land
reclaimed by those works ;
( b) to such extent as the Secretary of State may approve,
for the provision of services for any such land ; and
( c ) for the development of any land which is to be made
available or used as mentioned in subsection ( 5) of
that section ;
and may do anything which is necessary or expedient for the
exercise of its functions under this Act.
( 2) The Maplin Development Authority shall provide for the
local authorities in whose areas any of the land to be reclaimed
under this Act is situated, for other local authorities whose
areas may be affected by the reclamation or use of that land,
and for other organisations representing the interests of persons
in those areas, adequate facilities for consultation with respect
to such matters relating to the Authority's functions as affect
their interests .
4. (1 ) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with Power of
the Maplin Development Authority, give the Authority directions Secretary of
as to the exercise of its functions ( including directions restricting State to give
that exercise), and the Authority shall comply with any such directions.
direction.
( 2 ) A transaction between a person and the Authority shall
not be void by reason only that it was carried out in contraven-
tion of a direction given by the Secretary of State, unless that
person had actual notice of the direction.
c . 64
1898 Maplin Development Act 1973
Application
or exclusion
ofcertain
enactments,
etc.
Acquisition
ofland .
1946с. 49.
1965 с. 56.
Planning
permission,
etc.
1971 с. 78.
5.- (1 ) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect
to the application of the enactments mentioned in that Schedule
( which relate to statutory undertakers and related matters) .
( 2) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the carrying out by the Maplin Development Authority of
works for the reclamation or maintenance of land.
Acquisition of land, planning permission and
extinguishment of rights
6.- (1) The Maplin Development Authority may be auth-
orised by the Secretary of State to acquire land compulsorily
for any purpose connected with the exercise of its functions ;
and the provisions of the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation
Procedure) Act 1946 shall apply in relation to a compulsory
purchase by the Authority as if the Authority were a local
authority and as if this subsection were contained in an Act
in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.
( 2) For the purpose of the acquisition by the Authority of
land by agreement the provisions of Part I of the Compulsory
Purchase Act 1965 (so far as applicable) other than sections 4
to 8, 10, 27 and 31 shall apply.
( 3) A compulsory purchase order made by virtue of this
section may provide for the acquisition of rights over land by
creating them as well as for the acquisition of rights already
inexistence.
( 4 ) Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
the provisions of this section.
7.- (1) Planning permission shall be deemed to have been
granted under Part III of the Town and Country Planning
Act 1971-
( a ) for the carrying out by the Maplin Development
Authority of such development within the limits of
deviation shown on the deposited plan as may be
necessary or expedient for the reclamation of land in
pursuance of this Act or the maintenance of land
so reclaimed ;
( b ) for the construction by the British Airports Authority
of two runways on the centre line shown on the plan
marked " Location of runways " and bound up with
the deposited plan and of other runways on a
parallel centre line in the area so shown ; and
( c ) for the carrying out by the Civil Aviation Authority
of such development of land so reclaimed as may be
necessary or expedient for the exercise by that
Authority of its functions of providing air navigation
services .
c. 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1899
( 2 ) The permission granted by the Town and Country S.I. 1973
Planning General Development Order 1973 for development No. 31 .
by statutory undertakers carrying on a dock, pier, harbour, water
transport, canal or inland navigation undertaking shall extend
to the construction by the Port of London Authority of a sea-
port on land made or to be made available to it under this Act
( or, if that land exceeds 2,500 acres, on the first 2,500 acres
thereof ) and, in connection with the seaport to be constructed ,
to any development on that land, or the first 2,500 acres thereof,
which is development permitted in connection with an existing
dock, pier or harbour.
( 3) For the purposes of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78 .
1971 and any instrument made or having effect as if made under
it any land made or to be made available under this Act to the
British Airports Authority, together with any land within 300
metres of the centre line first mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) ( b) of
this section, shall be deemed to be operational land of the
undertaking of that Authority.
( 4 ) Nothing in section 41 of the Town and Country Planning
Act 1971 (limit on duration of planning permission) shall apply
to any planning permission deemed to have been granted by
virtue of this section.
8.- (1) For the purpose of enabling land to be reclaimed Extinguish-
under this Act the Secretary of State may by order made by ment of
statutory instrument extinguish any public rights of fishery, public rights in
public rights of way, rights of navigation or other public or area .
reclamation
customary rights that may be exercisable in any part of the area
in which land is tobe so reclaimed.
( 2) A draft of any statutory instrument to be made under
this section shall be laid before Parliament.
Protection of amenities, etc.
9.- ( 1) It shall be the duty of the Maplin Development Protection
Authority, before beginning any work of reclamation authorised of flora
by this Act, to consult with the Nature Conservancy Council and fauna.
about the likely effect of the work on any flora or fauna.
( 2) For the purpose of assisting the Nature Conservancy
Council in conserving any of the flora or fauna adversely
affected, or likely to be so affected, by any work of reclamation
authorised by this Act, the Maplin Development Authority shall
pay to that Council such sums as the Secretary of State may,
with the consent of the Treasury, approve.
10 .- (1) It shall be the duty of the Maplin Development Havengore
Authority to take such steps as are necessary to maintain a Creek.
navigable channel in Havengore Creek in accordance with the
provisions of this section, and the Authority may provide instal-
lations for facilitating the use of the channel .
c .64
1900 Maplin Development Act 1973
( 2) Subject to subsections (5) and (6) below, the channel to
be maintained by the Maplin Development Authority shall be
such as to allow direct access to Havengore Creek from the
sea, at all times during a period beginning one hour before and
ending one hour after mean high water springs, by any vessel-
( a) requiring clearance above water level of not more than
4 metres ;
( b) having a depth below water level of not more than 1.2
metres at any point ; and
( c ) possessing no feature (other than its height above or
depth below water level) which would have prevented
it from gaining such access at the time of the passing
of this Act.
(3) The Secretary of State may, out of moneys provided
by Parliament, make such grants to the Maplin Development
Authority towards the cost of providing the installations
mentioned in subsection (1) above as he may, with the consent
of the Treasury, determine.
( 4 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that, before the
passing of this Act, the owner of a vessel requiring clearance
above water level of more than four metres habitually navigated
Havengore Creek in that vessel and-
( a) that, without a reduction of the clearance so required,
the channel maintained in accordance with this section
would not allow or have allowed such access by it as is
mentioned in subsection ( 2) above ; but
( b) that the clearance so required has been or could be
sufficiently reduced by conversion of the vessel at
reasonable expense ;
he may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make to the
owner such grant for or towards the cost of the conversion as he
may with the consent of the Treasury determine.
( 5) The Maplin Development Authority may, for so long as it
considers necessary in connection with the carrying out of any
works authorised by this Act, from time to time close to naviga-
tion so much of Havengore Creek as lies within the limits of
deviation shown on the deposited plan.
( 6) Where the Maplin Development Authority satisfies the
Secretary of State that serious adverse effects have arisen, or are
likely to arise, from any siltation, scouring or alteration of tidal
flow attributable to the maintenance of a navigable channel in
Havengore Creek in accordance with this section the Secretary
of State may by order provide for the closing to navigation of
so much of the creek within the said limits of deviation as he
considers appropriate.
( 7 ) An order under subsection (6) above shall be contained in
a statutory instrument and shall not be made unless a draft of
c. 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1901
the order has been approved by resolution of each House of
Parliament.
( 8) Nothing in this section shall be taken to require the Maplin
Development Authority to take any steps before beginning the
work of reclamation authorised by this Act.
11.-( 1) This section applies to the waters of-
Dredging, etc.
( a) the River Crouch and the River Roach, and
to make good
interference
(b) the creeks and watercourses leading out of those rivers , with sailing
except for Havengore Creek, New England Creek and and other
Shelford Creek.
recreations.
( 2) Any body certified by the Secretary of State as being a
body representative of the persons whose interests are or may be
affected by any mischief to which this section applies may require
the Maplin Development Authority to carry out (subject to
compliance with any provision contained in , or having effect
under, any Act, whether general or local) any dredging or
other works-
( a) which are necessary or expedient for the removal of the
cause of the mischief ; and
( b ) which are reasonably required, having regard to the
cost of the works, and of the degree of benefit likely
to be derived from them ;
and, subject to subsection ( 3) below, the Authority shall comply
with any such requirement.
(3) If the Authority disputes the requirement, the question
shall be referred to the arbitration of a single arbitrator, who
shall be appointed by agreement between the parties or, in default
of agreement, by the President of the Institution of Civil
Engineers.
( 4 ) The mischief to which this section applies is interference
with the facilities in waters to which this section applies for sail-
ing and other recreations as they exist at the passing of this
Act, and the cause of the mischief is siltation, scouring or
alteration of tidal flow occurring as a result of any works carried
out by the Authority for the reclamation or maintenance of
land under this Act.
12. ( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section , Restrictions
material to be used for the reclamation of land in the reclama- on road
traffic.tion area shall not be brought to that area by road.
(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, goods
vehicles shall not be used-
( a) on journeys from the seaport mentioned in section 2( 1 )
of this Act which begin with the vehicles being unloaded
from ships or with the vehicles taking on board goods
c .64
1902 Maplin Development Act 1973
The initial
debt .
unloaded from ships at that seaport and end outside
the reclamation area ; or
( b) on journeys from outside the reclamation area to that
seaport which end with the vehicles being loaded into
ships or with the vehicles discharging goods to be
loaded into ships at that seaport.
( 3) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that roads have been
constructed affording access to the reclamation area which make
the restrictions imposed by subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above un-
necessary, he may by order provide that they shall cease to
have effect on such date as is specified in the order.
( 4 ) Subsections (1) and ( 2) above shall not apply to anything
done in accordance with an order made by the Secretary of
State.
( 5) A person who uses a vehicle in contravention of sub-
section ( 1) or ( 2) above shall be guilty of an offence and liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
(6 ) Any order under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument except an order under subsection ( 4 ) applying only
to specified vehicles or to vehicles of specified persons .
( 7 ) Any power to make an order under this section includes
power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.
( 8) In this section-
" reclamation area " means the area within the limits of
deviation shown on the deposited plan ;
" goods vehicle " means a vehicle constructed or adapted
for the carriage of goods by road.
Financial provisions
13.-( 1 ) The Maplin Development Authority shall on its estab-
lishment assume a debt to the Secretary of State ( in this Act
referred to as " the initial debt") of such amount as the Secre-
tary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine
by notice in writing given to the Authority.
( 2 ) In determining the amount of the initial debt the Secretary
of State shall have regard to the expenses incurred by him before
the establishment of the Authority with a view to the reclama-
tion of land under this Act.
( 3) The amount of the initial debt shall not exceed £2 million.
( 4) The rate of interest payable on the initial debt, the
arrangements for paying off the principal, and the other terms
of the debt shall be such as the Secretary of State may with the
approval of the Treasury from time to time determine.
( 5 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State by way of
interest on or repayment of the initial debt shall be paid into
the National Loans Fund.
c. 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1903
14.-( 1) Subject to subsection (4 ) of this section, the Maplin Borrowing
Development Authority may, with the consent of the Secretary powers.
of State or in accordance with a general authorisation given by
him, borrow temporarily by overdraft or otherwise such sums in
sterling as the Authority may require.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) of this section, the Authority may
borrow from the Secretary of State otherwise than by way of
temporary loan, and the Secretary of State may lend to the
Authority, such sums in sterling as the Authority may require.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) of this section, the Authority may
with the consent of the Secretary of State borrow on such
terms as the Secretary of State may from time to time specify-
( a ) from such persons as he may so specify sums in a
currency other than sterling, and
( b) from the European Investment Bank, sums in any
currency.
( 4 ) The aggregate amount outstanding by way of the principal
of-
( a ) the initial debt ;
( b) any money borrowed by the Authority under this
section; and
( c ) any money borrowed by a subsidiary of the Authority ;
shall not exceed £200 million or such greater sum not exceeding
£ 250 million as the Treasury may specify by order made by
statutory instrument.
( 5 ) An order under this section shall not be made unless a
draft of it has been laid before and approved by the House of
Commons.
( 6 ) The Authority shall not borrow money otherwise than
under this section.
( 7) References in this section to the Secretary of State are
references to him acting with the approval of the Treasury ;
and references in this section to borrowing do not include any
borrowing from a subsidiary of the Authority or from the
Authority.
( 8) Any loan made by the Secretary of State in pursuance of
this section shall be repaid to him at such times and by such
methods, and interest on the loan shall be paid to him at
such rates and at such times, as he may from time to time
determine.
( 9) The Treasury may issue out of the National Loans Fund
to the Secretary of State such sums as are necessary to enable
him to make loans in pursuance of subsection ( 2) of this section
and any sums received by the Secretary of State in pursuance
of subsection (8) of this section shall be paid into that Fund.
c . 64
1904 Maplin Development Act 1973
Guarantees.
Miscellaneous
financial
powers and
duties.
15.-( 1 ) The Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and
on such conditions as they think fit, the repayment of the
principal of and the payment of interest on any sums which the
Maplin Development Authority borrows from a person other
than the Secretary of State.
( 2 ) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section
the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each
House of Parliament ; and where any sum is issued for fulfilling
the guarantee so given the Treasury shall, as soon as possible
after the end of each financial year ( beginning with that in which
the sum is issued and ending with that in which all liability in
respect of the principal of the sum and in respect of interest
thereon is finally discharged ), lay before each House of Parlia-
ment a statement relating to that sum.
( 3) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling a guaran-
tee under this section shall be charged on and issued out of the
Consolidated Fund.
( 4 ) If any sums are issued in fulfilment of a guarantee given
under this section, the Maplin Development Authority shall make
to the Treasury, at such times and in such manner as the
Treasury may from time to time direct, payments of such amounts
as the Treasury so direct in or towards repayment of the sums
so issued and payments of interest, at such rate as the Treasury
so direct, on what is outstanding for the time being in respect
of sums so issued.
( 5) Any sums received by the Treasury in pursuance of sub-
section ( 4) of this section shall be paid into the Consolidated
Fund.
16.-(1 ) It shall be the duty of the Maplin Development
Authority in framing and carrying out proposals involving sub-
stantial outlay to act on lines settled from time to time with
the approval of the Secretary of State ; and to secure that any
subsidiary of the Authority also acts on those lines in framing
and carrying out such proposals .
( 2) The Authority may-
( a ) with the consent of the Secretary of State, subscribe
for or acquire any securities of a body corporate ;
(b) with the consent of the Secretary of State, lend money
to or give a guarantee for the benefit of any person for
the purposes of any undertaking carried on by him or,
if that person is a body corporate, any undertaking
carried on by a subsidiary of that body ;
(c ) turn its resources to account so far as they are not
required for the exercise of the Authority's functions .
(3) Any excess of the revenues of the Authority for any
accounting year over the total sums properly chargeable by it to
revenue account for that year shall be applied by the Authority
c. 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1905
in such manner as the Secretary of State may, after consultation
with the Authority and with the approval of the Treasury, direct ;
and the direction may require the whole or part of the excess
to be paid to the Secretary of State.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury, give to the Authority directions as to any matter
relating to the establishment or management of reserves or
the carrying of sums to the credit of any reserves or the applica-
tion of any reserves for the purposes of its functions.
(5) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury and after consultation with the Authority, direct the
Authority to pay to the Secretary of State the whole or part
of any sums for the time being standing to the credit of any
reserves of the Authority or being of a capital nature and not
required for the exercise of the Authority's functions .
(6) Any sums received by the Secretary of State in pursuance
of this section shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
17.- (1 ) The terms on which any part of the land reclaimed Terms for
by the Maplin Development Authority is made available by it making land
as required by subsections ( 2) to ( 4 ) of section 2 of this Act available .
shall be such as to secure that the Authority recovers so much
of its expenditure as in the opinion of the Secretary of State is
attributable to that part; and the terms on which any other
part of the land is made available by the Authority shall be
the best that can reasonably be obtained, having regard to the
Authority's duties under this Act.
( 2) The reference in subsection (1) of this section to the
Authority's expenditure includes the repayment of and payment
of interest on the initial debt.
18. ( 1) The Maplin Development Authority shall make a Contributions
scheme for the recovery by the Authority of the cost of maintain- to cost of
ing the land reclaimed by it by means of such contributions maintaining
reclaimed
from persons occupying or owning or having interests in any land .
part of the land as may be determined by or under the scheme.
( 2) A scheme under this section may contain such incidental
and supplementary provisions as may appear to the Authority
to be necessary or expedient and may be revoked or amended
by a subsequent scheme under this section.
( 3) A scheme under this section shall not have effect unless
it is approved by the Secretary of State by a statutory instrument,
which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
19.-( 1 ) The Maplin Development Authority shall-
Accounts
( a) keep proper accounts and proper records in relation to and audit.
the accounts ; and
c . 64
1906 Maplin Development Act 1973
1948 с. 38.
Subsidiaries.
( b) prepare in respect of each accounting year a statement
of accounts, in such form as the Secretary of State may
with the approval of the Treasury require, showing
the state of affairs and the profit or loss of the
Authority.
( 2) The accounts of the Authority shall be audited by auditors
appointed by the Secretary of State after consultation with the
Authority, and a person shall not be qualified to be so appointed
unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies-
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales ;
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
the Association of Certified Accountants ;
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;
any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the
purposes of section 161 ( 1)( a) of the Companies Act
1948 by the Secretary of State ;
but a Scottish firm may be so appointed if each of the partners
is qualified to be so appointed.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall for each financial year
prepare, in such form and manner as the Treasury may approve,
an account of-
( a ) sums issued to the Secretary of State in pursuance of
section 14 of this Act, and the disposal by the Secretary
of State of those sums ;
(b) sums required to be paid into the National Loans Fund
in pursuance of section 13 or 14 of this Act ;
( c ) sums required to be paid into the Consolidated Fund
in pursuance of section 16 of this Act ;
and shall send a copy of the account to the Comptroller and
Auditor General not later than the end of November next
following that year ; and the Comptroller and Auditor General
shall examine, certify and report on the account and shall lay
copies of it and of his report on it before Parliament.
Miscellaneous
20. It shall be the duty of the Maplin Development Authority
to exercise its control over any subsidiary of the Authority so
as to ensure that the subsidiary-
( a ) does not do anything which the Authority has no power
to do or has been directed by the Secretary of State
not to do ; and
( b) does not, except with the consent of the Secretary of
State, borrow money from any person other than the
Authority ; and
c .64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1907
( c ) does not, except with the consent of the Secretary of
State, raise money by the issue of shares or stock to
any person other than the Authority.
21. Where through siltation, scouring or an alteration of Liability
tidal flow occurring as a result of any works carried out by the for damage,
Maplin Development Authority for the reclamation or main- etc. causedby
reclamation or
tenance of land under this Act-
maintenance
(a) damage or loss is sustained by any person ; or
works.
( b) additional expenses or liabilities are incurred by any
authority in the exercise of functions under any
enactment ;
the Maplin Development Authority shall pay compensation to
that person or, as the case may be, indemnify that authority.
22. Where the expenditure incurred by a local authority or Payments
statutory undertakers in the performance of their functions is to local
increased as a result of the reclamation of any land under this authorities
and statutory
Act or the development of the reclaimed land, the Maplin undertakers.
Development Authority may with the consent of the Secretary
of State contribute such sums towards meeting the increase as
the Secretary of State may with the concurrence of the Treasury
determine.
23. Where it appears to the Secretary of State-
Payment
( a ) that any person, before 1st December 1972, derived to certain
persons
the whole or part of his means of livelihood from the affected
taking of fish or shellfish or the gathering of white weed by land
within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited reclamation.
plan or from the processing of white weed so
gathered ; and
( b) that after losing the whole or part of the means so
derived as a result of the reclamation of land under
this Act or of works carried out for the reclamation
he will have no reasonable expectation of replacing
the loss by similar means ;
the Secretary of State shall direct the Maplin Development
Authority to pay to that person such sums as he may with the
consent of the Treasury determine.
24.-(1) The Maplin Development Authority shall as soon Reports and
as possible after the end of each accounting year make to the information.
Secretary of State a report on the exercise of its functions during
that year.
( 2 ) The report for any accounting year-
(a) shall set out any direction given to the Authority under
section 4 of this Act, unless the Secretary of State has
notified to the Authority his opinion that it would be
against the national interest to do so ; and
c.64
1908 Maplin Development Act 1973
Interpretation.
1971 с. 78.
1948 с. 38.
Short title.
( b) shall include such information relating to the plans ,
and past and present activities, of the Authority and
the financial position of the Authority, as the Secre
tary of State may from time to time direct.
( 3) There shall be attached to the report for each accounting
year a copy of the statement of accounts in respect of that year
and a copy of any report made on the statement by the auditors.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall lay before Parliament copies
of each report made to him under subsection (1) of this section
and of the statement and report attached to it.
(5) The Authority shall, in addition to the information to
be given under the preceding provisions of this section, furnish
to the Secretary of State such returns or other information
relating to its property, financial position, activities or proposed
activities as the Secretary of State may from time to time require .
25.-( 1) In this Act-
" accounting year ود
means any period of twelve months end-
ing with 31st March or the period beginning with
the passing of this Act and ending with 31st March
; 1974
" land " includes land covered by water and ( except where
the context otherwise requires) any interest in or right
over land ;
" local authority " has the same meaning as in the Town
and Country Planning Act 1971 ;
" securities " means shares, stock, debentures, debenture
stock and any securities of a like nature ;
" statutory undertakers" includes the Post Office and other-
wise has the same meaning as in the Town and Coun-
try Planning Act 1971 ;
" subsidiary " has the same meaning as in the Companies
Act 1948 ;
" the deposited plan " and " the deposited section " mean
the plan and section deposited in connection with the
Bill for this Act with the Clerk of the Essex County
Council and in the office of the Clerk of the Parlia-
ments and the Private Bill Office of the House of
Commons ;
" the initial debt " has the meaning assigned to it by section
13 of this Act.
(2) References in this Act to rights over land include refer-
ences to the right to do, or to place and maintain, any thing
in , on or under the land or in the air- space above its surface.
26. This Act may be cited as the Maplin Development Act
.1973
c.64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1909
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
THE MAPLIN DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
Members
1. In appointing members of the Maplin Development Authority
the Secretary of State shall have regard to the desirability of
securing the services of persons with knowledge and experience of
engineering, aviation, sea transport, planning or commercial or
financial matters or of safeguarding the interests of the environment ;
and four of the members shall be appointed by him after consultation
with one or more local authorities, amenity societies in Essex and
Kent or other bodies appearing to him to be concerned with matters
that may be affected by the exercise of the Authority's functions .
2.- (1 ) Before appointing a person to be a member of the
Authority the Secretary of State shall satisfy himself that that
person will have no such financial or other interest as is likely to
affect prejudicially the exercise of his functions as a member, and
the Secretary of State shall also satisfy himself from time to time
with respect to every member of the Authority that he has no
such interest ; and any person who is, or whom the Secretary of
State proposes to appoint, a member of the Authority shall, whenever
requested by him to do so, furnish him with such information as
the Secretary of State considers necessary for the performance of
his duties under this paragraph.
( 2 ) A member of the Authority who is in any way directly or
indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made
by the Authority shall disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting
ofthe Authority, and the disclosure shall be recorded in the minutes
of the Authority ; and the member shall not take part in any
decision of the Authority with respect to that contract.
( 3) For the purposes of sub -paragraph ( 2 ) above a member of
the Authority shall not be treated as directly or indirectly interested
in a contract by reason only that he is a member of or a person
employed by a body to which land has been or is to be made
available under subsection ( 2), ( 3) or ( 4 ) of section 2 of this Act.
( 4 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 2) above a general notice
given at a meeting of the Authority by a member of the Authority
to the effect that he is a member of a specified company or firm
and is to be regarded as interested in any contract which may, after
the date of the notice, be made with the company or firm shall
be regarded as a sufficient disclosure of his interest in relation to
any contract so made.
(5 ) A member of the Authority need not attend in person at a
meeting of the Authority in order to make any disclosure which
he is required to make under this paragraph if he takes reasonable
steps to secure that the disclosure is made by a notice which is
brought up and read at the meeting.
Section 1.
c.64
1910 Maplin Development Act 1973
SCH. 1
1957 с. 20.
3. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a person
shall hold office as a member or as chairman or deputy chairman
of the Authority in accordance with the terms of his appointment.
4.- (1) A person may at any time resign his office as a member
or as chairman or deputy chairman of the Authority.
( 2) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a member of the
Authority-
( a ) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his
creditors, or
(b ) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness, or
( c ) has been absent from meetings of the Authority for a
period longer than three months without the permission
of the Authority, or
( d ) is otherwise unable or unfit to perform the functions of a
member,
he may remove him from office as a member.
( 3 ) If the chairman or deputy chairman of the Authority ceases
to be a member of the Authority he shall also cease to be chairman
or deputy chairman.
5. In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualifica-
tion Act 1957, as it applies in relation to the House of Commons of
the Parliament of the United Kingdom, there shall be inserted at
the appropriate place the words " The Maplin Development
Authority ".
6. The Authority-
( a ) shall pay to the members of the Authority such salaries or
fees, and such allowances, as the Secretary of State may
with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service
determine, and
(b) as regards any members in whose case the Secretary of State
may so determine with the approval of the Minister for
the Civil Service, shall make provision for or pay to or in
respect of them such pensions, allowances and gratuities as
may be so determined,
and if a person ceases to be a member of the Authority and it
appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances
which make it right that that person should receive compensation,
the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Minister for
the Civil Service require the Authority to pay to that person such
sum as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Minister
for the Civil Service determine.
Staff
7. The number of persons employed by the Authority and the
remuneration paid to them shall be such as may be determined by
the Authority with the consent of the Secretary of State given with
the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service .
8.- (1) The Authority shall, in the case of such of the persons
employed by it as may be determined by the Authority with the
consent of the Secretary of State given with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service, pay such pensions, allowances or
gratuities to or in respect of them as may be so determined, make
c . 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1911
such payments towards the provision of such pensions, allowances
or gratuities as may be so determined or provide and maintain such
schemes (whether contributory or not ) for the payment of such
pensions, allowances or gratuities as may be so determined.
( 2 ) Where a person employed by the Authority and participating
in a scheme for the payment of pensions, allowances or gratuities
which is applicable to such persons becomes a member of the
Authority, his service as a member may be treated for the purposes
of the scheme as service as a person employed by the Authority,
whether or not provision for or in respect of him is made under
paragraph 6( b) above.
Proceedings and instruments
9. The quorum of the Authority and the arrangements relating to
its meetings shall be such as the Authority may determine.
10. The validity of any proceedings of the Authority shall not be
affected by any defect in the appointment of a member or a vacancy
in the office of chairman or deputy chairman.
11. A document purporting to be duly executed under the seal of
the Authority or to be signed on behalf of the Authority shall be
received in evidence and shall be deemed to be so executed or signed
unless the contrary is proved.
Status of Authority and its property
12. The Authority shall be a public body for the purposes of
the Prevention of Corruption Acts 1889 to 1916.
13. The Authority shall not be regarded as the servant or agent
of the Crown or as enjoying any status, privilege or immunity of
the Crown ; and its property shall not be regarded as property
of or property held on behalf of the Crown.
SCH. 1
SCHEDULE 2
Section 5(1).
APPLICATION OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO STATUTORY
UNDERTAKERS ETC.
1. In section 61(1) of the Land Drainage Act 1930 ( which protects 1930 c. 44.
certain undertakings from works executed under that Act) after
paragraph ( h) there shall be added the following paragraph-
"(i ) the undertaking of the Maplin Development Authority. "
2 .- (1 ) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, subsection ( 3) of
section 39 of the Public Health Act 1936 (which exempts buildings 1936 c. 49.
belonging to statutory undertakers from certain drainage require-
ments ) and section 71 of that Act ( which exempts such buildings
from building regulations) shall apply in relation to the Maplin
Development Authority as they apply in relation to statutory
undertakers.
( 2) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, section 330 of the Public
Health Act 1936 ( power of certain undertakers to alter sewers)
c. 64
1912 Maplin Development Act 1973
SCH. 2
1945 с. 42.
1936 с. 49.
1949 с. 74.
1946 с. 49.
1949 с. 67.
1949 с. 97.
1959 с. 25.
1961 с. 33.
1962 с. 58.
1964 с. 40.
1965 с. 36.
1965 с. 59.
1968 с. 41 .
1971 с. 41.
1971 с. 78.
and section 333 of that Act ( protection of certain undertakings from
works executed under that Act) shall apply in relation to the
Authority and any property owned by the Authority as they apply
in relation to a railway company and its railway.
( 3) Nothing in the preceding sub-paragraphs applies in relation
to land which the Maplin Development Authority has made available
under section 2( 5) of this Act.
3.- (1) Section 93 of Schedule 3 to the Water Act 1945 (which
relates to the protection of certain statutory undertakers ) shall apply
with the necessary modifications in relation to any works along,
upon or under any property owned by the Maplin Development
Authority which statutory water undertakers propose to execute,
whether or not that section has been applied to the undertakers
by an order under that Act.
"
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above statutory water undertakers "
means statutory water undertakers within the meaning of the Water
Act 1945 other than a local authority or board supplying water
under the Public Health Act 1936 and includes a person authorised
to construct works by an order under section 23 of the Water Act
1945.
4. Section 47 of the Coast Protection Act 1949 (which gives
protection from works under that Act ) shall apply in relation to
the Maplin Development Authority as it applies in relation to a
river authority.
5.- (1 ) The Maplin Development Authority shall be deemed to be
statutory undertakers and its undertaking a statutory undertaking
for the purposes of-
( a ) the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure ) Act
1946 ;
(b) the Civil Aviation Act 1949 ;
( c ) the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act
1949 ;
( d ) the Highways Act 1959 ;
( e ) section 11 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 ;
( f ) the Pipe- lines Act 1962 ;
(g ) Schedules 3 and 5 to the Harbours Act 1964 ;
( h ) Schedule 6 to the Gas Act 1965 ;
(i ) the New Towns Act 1965 ;
( j ) paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to the Countryside Act 1968 ;
( k ) the Highways Act 1971 ;
( 1 ) the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 .
( 2 ) In the Pipe-lines Act 1962, the New Towns Act 1965 and
the Town and Country Planning Act 1971, " operational land " in
relation to the Authority shall mean land owned or occupied by
the Authority and used or intended for use for the purpose of any
of the functions of the Authority, but excluding land which the
Authority has made available under section 2( 5 ) of this Act.
c .64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1913
SCHEDULE 3
Section 5( 2 ) .
EXCLUSION OR MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS
1. In this Schedule-
" reclamation or maintenance works " means any works carried
out by the Maplin Development Authority for the reclama-
tion or maintenance of land ;
" the limits of deviation " means the limits of deviation shown
on the deposited plan ; and
" the Port of London Authority area " means the area within
the limits described in paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to the
Port of London Act 1968 .
1968 c. xxxii
2.- (1) Paragraphs 3 and 4 of this Schedule shall apply in relation
to reclamation or maintenance works and, subject to sub-paragraph
( 3 ) below-
( a) the provisions mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) below shall
not apply to such works carried out within the limits of
deviation ; and
( b ) a licence under section 73 of the Port of London Act 1968
shall not be required for any reclamation or maintenance
works carried out within that part of the Port of London
Authority area which lies seawards of a line drawn from
Garrison Pier on Shoebury Ness to Garrison Point on the
Isle of Sheppey.
( 2 ) The provisions referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(a) above are-
section 19 of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923 1923 с. 16.
any byelaw made under section 47 of the Land Drainage 1930 c. 44.
Act 1930 or section 34 of the Land Drainage Act 1961 1961 с. 48.
sections 16, 18 and 34 of the Coast Protection Act 1949
1949 с. 74.
sections 28 and 31 of the Land Drainage Act 1961
any byelaw made or having effect as made under
section 5(1) of the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act 1966
1966 с. 38.
section 70 of the Port of London Act 1968 .
( 3) In relation to works carried out outside the Port of London
Authority area after such date as may be certified by the Secretary of
State as the date on which reclamation under this Act has been
completed, sub -paragraph (2) above shall have effect as if the
reference to section 34 of the Coast Protection Act 1949 were
omitted.
3.- (1) If it appears to the Secretary of State that any reclamation
or maintenance works within the limits of deviation but outside the
Port of London Authority area are likely to cause obstruction or
danger to navigation the Maplin Development Authority shall during
their construction and after their completion take such steps for the
prevention of danger to navigation as he may direct.
( 2 ) If it appears to the Port of London Authority that any reclama-
tion or maintenance works within the Port of London Authority area
are likely to cause obstruction or danger to navigation or to prejudice
c .64
1914 Maplin Development Act 1973
SCH. 3
the conservancy of the River Thames the Maplin Development
Authority shall during their construction and after their completion
take such steps for the prevention of the danger or for the conser-
vancy of the river as the Port of London Authority may direct.
( 3) Where a direction is given to the Maplin DevelopmentAuthority
under sub -paragraph ( 2) above, the Authority may within fourteen
days or such longer period as the Secretary of State may allow
appeal against the direction to the Secretary of State ; and on any
such appeal the Secretary of State may confirm, vary or cancel the
direction.
( 4) Subject to sub-paragraph (5 ) below, where the Maplin Develop-
ment Authority fails to comply with a direction given under this
paragraph the Secretary of State or, as the case may be, the Port
of London Authority may take the steps specified in the direction
and recover the costs reasonably incurred in doing so from the
Maplin Development Authority ; and if that Authority disputes
that costs so incurred by the Port of London Authority were
reasonably incurred the question shall be determined by the
Secretary of State.
( 5 ) The Port of London Authority shall not take the steps speci-
fied in a direction given by it if an appeal against the direction
is pending or may be brought (within fourteen days of the giving
of the direction) unless it appears to the Authority that immediate
action is required to prevent danger to navigation ; and may not
recover any costs incurred in taking such steps if the direction is
cancelled on appeal .
( 6 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) above, where the Maplin
Development Authority fails to comply with a direction under
this paragraph which-
( a ) is given by the Secretary of State ; or
(b) is given by the Port of London Authority and expressed
to be given for the purpose of preventing danger to
navigation ;
the Maplin Development Authority shall be liable, on summary
conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 and, on conviction on
indictment, to a fine.
1968 c. xxxii.
(7) Section 76 of the Port of London Act 1968 shall not apply
in relation to anything done by the Maplin Development Authority
in compliance with a direction given by the Port of London Authority
under this paragraph.
1913 с. 31 .
4. The provisions of the Pilotage Act 1913 with respect to com-
( 2& 3 Geo. 5). pulsory pilotage shall not apply to tugs, dredgers, sludge-vessels,
barges and similar craft whilst employed by the Maplin Development
Authority in the exercise of its functions under this Act.
5. The doing of any of the things mentioned in paragraphs (b) to
1967 с. 83.
(e ) of section 7( 4 ) of the Sea Fisheries (Shellfish ) Act 1967 shall not
be an offence under that section if it is done in the carrying out of
reclamation or maintenance works within the limits of deviation ;
but nothing in this paragraph shall affect any liability to make
compensation under that section.
c. 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1915
SCHEDULE 4
Section6.
ACQUISITION OF LAND
PART I
GENERAL
1.- (1) The Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure ) Act 1946 с. 49.
1946 and the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 shall have effect with 1965 c. 56.
the modifications necessary to make them apply to the compulsory
acquisition of a right by virtue of section 6( 3 ) of this Act as they
apply to the compulsory acquisition of land , so that, in appropriate
contexts, references in those Acts to land are to be read as referring,
or as including references, to the right acquired or to be acquired,
or to land over which the right is or is to be exercisable, according
to the requirements of the particular context .
( 2 ) For the purpose of giving effect to section 6( 3) of this Act,
and without prejudice to the general adaptation of enactments
under sub-paragraph (1) above, -
( a ) Part II of this Schedule shall have effect for the adaptation
of Part III of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure ) Act 1946 to cases of compulsory
acquisition of rights ;
( b ) Part III of this Schedule shall have effect for the adaptation
of Part I of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 to such
cases ; and
( c ) as respects compensation in such cases, the enactments
relating to compensation for the compulsory purchase of
land shall apply, with the necessary modifications, as they
apply to compensation on the compulsory purchase of land
and interests in land.
2.- (1 ) Where by a deed or other instrument in which-
( a ) it is stated that it is made in pursuance of a compulsory
acquisition of rights by virtue of section 6 ( 3) of this Act,
or
(b ) it is certified by the Maplin Development Authority that
the instrument is made in connection with the performance
of its functions under this Act,
any person having an interest in land grants or agrees to grant
to the Authority any right over the land, the grant or agreement
shall be binding upon his successors in title and persons deriving
title under him or them (otherwise than by a disposition taking
effect before the date of the grant ) to the same extent as it is
binding upon the grantor, notwithstanding that it would not have
been binding upon such persons apart from this sub-paragraph.
( 2 ) Where by a deed poll under any provision of the Compulsory
Purchase Act 1965 the Authority vests in itself any right over land
as against some person having an interest in the land, that right
shall be binding upon that person's successors in title and persons
deriving title under him or them ( otherwise than by a disposition
c. 64
1916 Maplin Development Act 1973
SCH. 4
1961 с. 33.
taking effect before the date of the deed poll ) to the same extent
as it is, or would have been, binding upon the first-mentioned
person.
( 3) Sub-paragraphs (1) and ( 2 ) above shall apply whether or not
( apart from this paragraph) the right in question is capable in
law of binding interests in the land other than the interest of the
grantor or, as the case may be, the person first mentioned in sub-
paragraph (2) above.
( 4 ) Where any right conferred by a deed or other instrument
to which sub-paragraph (1) or (2) above applies is transferred by
the Authority to a local authority or statutory undertakers, those
sub-paragraphs shall after the transfer apply in favour of the local
authority or statutory undertakers.
( 5 ) As respects registered land , nothing in this paragraph pre-
judices the provisions of the Land Registration Acts 1925 to 1971 .
3.(1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have
effect where there has come into force a compulsory purchase order
made by the Maplin Development Authority in the exercise of
powers conferred by this Act and providing for the acquisition of
a right over land and notice to treat in respect of the right has
been served on a person having an interest in the land.
( 2 ) A person for the time being entitled to that interest (" the
landowner ") may, at any time within six weeks of service of
the notice to treat, or such longer period as may be agreed in
writing by the Authority, but so long only as the notice has not
been withdrawn, serve on the Authority a counter-notice requiring
it, instead of acquiring the right in question, to acquire his interest
so far as it subsists in the land which is shown in the notice to treat
as that over which the right is to be acquired .
( 3 ) As from the date of service of the landowner's counter-
notice-
(a ) the compulsory purchase order shall, as against the land-
owner, cease to have effect so far as it authorises the
acquisition of the right in respect of which the counter-
notice was served and shall have effect instead so as to
authorise the Authority to acquire compulsorily the land-
owner's interest in the land referred to in sub-paragraph
( 2 ) above, and
( b ) the notice to treat referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above
shall be deemed to have been served ( on the date on which
it was in fact served ) in respect of the said interest, instead
of in respect of the right ( without prejudice to the
Authority's power under section 31 of the Land Com-
pensation Act 1961 to withdraw the notice at any time
after this sub-paragraph has effect ) .
( 4 ) Nothing in this paragraph prevents the Authority from exer-
cising any powers ( and in particular any power of entry) which it
has by virtue of having served notice to treat ; and the operation of
sub- paragraph ( 3) above shall not prejudice any such power of the
Authority either as respects a previous exercise of it or as respects
its continuance by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) (b).
c. 64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1917
4. Section 128 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971
SCH . 4
( consecrated land and burial grounds ) shall have effect in relation 1971 c. 78.
to any land acquired by the Maplin Development Authority as
it has effect in relation to land acquired by a statutory undertaker
under Part VI of that Act.
5. Where the Maplin Development Authority is authorised under
section 6 of this Act to acquire compulsorily land forming part of a
common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment, or rights over
such land, it may be authorised under that section to acquire
compulsorily land for giving in exchange for the land or rights
acquired.
PART II
ADAPTATION OF ACQUISITION OF LAND (AUTHORISATION PROCEDURE)
Аст 1946
6. In paragraphs 7 to 10 below, " the Schedule " means Schedule 1
to the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 ;
and in relation to compulsory acquisition of rights by virtue of
section 6(3) of this Act that Schedule shall apply with the modifica-
tions made by those paragraphs.
7. In paragraph 9 of the Schedule (compulsory purchase affecting
land of local authorities, statutory undertakers or National Trust )
for references to compulsory purchase of land there shall be
substituted references to compulsory acquisition of rights over land.
8. In paragraph 10 of the Schedule (land of statutory undertakers) -
( a ) for the words " land comprised in the order " there shall
be substituted the words " land over which a right is to
be acquired by virtue of the order " ;
( b ) for the words " purchase of" there shall be substituted
the words " acquisition of a right over " ;
( c ) for the words " it can be purchased and not replaced "
there shall be substituted the words " the right can be
acquired " ; and
( d ) for sub-paragraph (ii) there shall be substituted the
following-
66 (ii ) that any detriment to the carrying on of the
undertaking, in consequence of the acquisition of the
right, can be made good by the undertakers by the use
of other land belonging to, or available for acquisition
by, them ".
9.- ( 1 ) In paragraph 11 of the Schedule ( common land, open
spaces, etc.) the following shall be substituted for sub-paragraph
(1)
" (1) In so far as a compulsory purchase order authorises
the acquisition of a right over land forming part of a common,
open space, or fuel or field garden allotment, it shall be
Part III G
1946с. 49.
c .64
1918 Maplin Development Act 1973
SCH. 4 subject to special parliamentary procedure unless the Secretary
of State is satisfied-
( a ) that the land, when burdened with that right , will
be no less advantageous to the persons in whom it
is vested and to the persons, if any, entitled to rights
of common or other rights,
ghts, and to the public , than it
was before ; or
( b ) that there has been or will be given in exchange for
the right additional land which will as respects the
persons in whom there is vested the land over which
the right is to be acquired , the persons, if any, entitled
to rights of common or other rights over that land,
and the public, be adequate to compensate them for
the disadvantages which result from the acquisition
of the right, and that the additional land has been
or will be vested in the persons in whom there
is vested the land over which the right is to be
acquired, and subject to the like rights, trusts and
incidents as attach to that land apart from the com-
pulsory purchase order ; or
( c ) that the land affected by the right to be acquired
does not exceed 250 square yards in extent and that
the giving of other land in exchange for the right
is unnecessary, whether in the interests of the persons,
if any, entitled to rights of common or other rights
or in the interests of the public,
and certifies accordingly."
( 2 ) In the said paragraph 11 , in sub-paragraph ( 3), for the words
from " and for discharging " to the end there shall be substituted
the words " and for discharging the land over which any right
is to be acquired from all rights, trusts and incidents to which
it has previously been subject so far as their continuance would
be inconsistent with the exercise of that right".
10. In paragraph 12 of the Schedule for the words " the purchase
of" there shall be substituted the words " the acquisition of a right
over".
1965 с. 56.
PART III
ADAPTATION OF COMPULSORY PURCHASE ACT 1965
11. In relation to a compulsory acquisition of a right by virtue
of section 6( 3) of this Act, the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965
shall apply with the modifications made by paragraphs 12 to 17
below.
12. For section 7 of the Act ( measure of compensation) there
shall be substituted the following-
" 7. In assessing the compensation to be paid by the acquiring
authority under this Act regard shall be had not only to the
extent (if any ) to which the value of the land over which the
c .64
Maplin Development Act 1973 1919
right is to be acquired is depreciated by the acquisition of the
right but also to the damage ( if any ) to be sustained by the
owner of the land by reason of its severance from other land
of his, or injuriously affecting that other land by the exercise
of the powers conferred by this or the special Act ."
13. For section 8( 1) of the Act ( protection for vendor against
severance of house, garden etc. ) there shall be substituted the
following-
" (1) No person shall be required to grant any right over
part only-
( a ) ofany house, building or manufactory ; or
(b ) of a park or gardenbelonging to ahouse,
if he is willing to sell the whole of the house, building, manu-
factory, park or garden, unless the Lands Tribunal determines
that-
( i ) in the case of a house, building or manufactory,
the part over which the right is proposed to be
acquired can be made subject to that right
without material detriment to the house, building
or manufactory ; or
( ii ) in the case of a park or garden, the part over
which the right is proposed to be acquired can
be made subject to that right without seriously
affecting the amenity or convenience of the
house ;
and if the Lands Tribunal so determine, the Tribunal shall
award compensation in respect of any loss due to the acqui-
sition of the right, in addition to its value ; and thereupon the
party interested shall be required to grant to the acquiring
authority that right over that part of the house, building.
manufactory, park or garden.
(1A ) In considering the extent of any material detriment to
a house, building or manufactory, or any extent to which the
amenity or convenience of a house is affected, the Lands Tri-
bunal shall have regard not only to the right which is to be
acquired over the land, but also to any adjoining or adjacent
land belonging to the same owner and subject to compulsory
purchase ".
14. The following provisions of the Act ( being provisions stating
the effect of a deed poll executed in various circumstances where
there is no conveyance by persons with interests in the land ) -
section 9( 4) ( refusal by owners to convey),
Schedule 1, paragraph 10( 3) (owners under incapacity ),
Schedule 2, paragraph 2( 3) (absent and untraced owners), and
Schedule 4, paragraphs 2 ( 3) and 7( 2 ) (common land ),
shall be so modified as to secure that, as against persons with
interests in the land which are expressed to be overridden by the deed ,
the right which is to be compulsorily acquired is vested absolutely
in the acquiring authority.
Part III G2
SCH. 4
c .64
1920 Maplin Development Act 1973
SCH. 4 15. Section 11 of the Act ( powers of entry ) shall be so modified
as to secure that, as from the date on which the acquiring authority
have served notice to treat in respect of any right, they have power,
exercisable in the like circumstances and subject to the like condi-
tions, to enter for the purpose of exercising that right ( which shall
be deemed for this purpose to have been created on the date of
service of the notice ) ; and sections 12 ( penalty for unauthorised
entry ) and 13 ( entry on sheriff's warrant in the event of obstruction)
shall be modified correspondingly.
16. Section 20 of the Act ( protection for interests of tenants at
will, etc.) shall apply with the modifications necessary to secure
that persons with such interests as are mentioned in inthat section
are compensated in a manner corresponding to that in which they
would be compensated on a compulsory acquisition of that land,
but taking into account only the extent (if any ) of such interference
with such an interest as is actually caused, or likely to be caused,
by the exercise of the right in question.
17. Section 22 of the Act (protection of acquiring authority's
possession where by inadvertence an estate, right or interest has
not been got in ) shall be so modified as to enable the acquiring
authority, in circumstances corresponding to those referred to in
that section, to continue entitled to exercise the right acquired,
subject to compliance with that section as respects compensation.
1921
ELIZABETH II
CHONI
DIFU
PENSE
DROIT
LET
Local Government (Scotland)
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 65
An Act to make provision with respect to local govern-
ment and the functions of local authorities in
Scotland; to amend Part II of the Transport Act
1968; and for connected purposes.
[ 25th October 1973]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS, AUTHORITIES AND ELECTIONS
New areas and councils
1.-( 1) For the administration of local government on and New local
after 16th May 1975, Scotland shall have local government areas government
in accordance with the provisions of this section.
areas in
Scotland.( 2) Scotland (other than Orkney, Shetland and the Western
Isles) shall be divided into local government areas to be known
as regions, and those regions shall be the regions named in Part
I of Schedule 1 to this Act and shall comprise the areas respec-
tively described in column 2 of the said Part I , being administra-
tive areas existing immediately before the passing of this Act.
(3) Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles shall be local
government areas to be known as islands areas, and shall com-
prise the areas respectively described in column 2 of Part II
of the said Schedule, being administrative areas existing
immediately before the passing of this Act.
Part III G3
1922 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
Constitution
of councils
of regions,
islands
areas and
districts.
Chairman.
( 4 ) In each region there shall be local government areas to
be known as districts, and the districts shall be the districts
named in column 2 of Part III of the said Schedule and shall
comprise the areas respectively described in column 3 of the
said Part III, being administrative areas existing immediately
before the passing of this Act.
( 5) On 16th May 1975, all local government areas existing
immediately before that date, that is to say, all counties, counties
of cities, large burghs, small burghs and districts, shall cease
to exist, and the council of every such area shall also cease to
exist.
( 6 ) Part IV of the said Schedule shall have effect in relation
to the boundaries of the new local government areas .
2.-( 1 ) For every region, islands area and district there shall
be a council consisting of a chairman and councillors, and
each such council shall have all such functions as are vested in
them by this Act or otherwise.
( 2 ) Each such council shall be a body corporate by the name
" The Regional Council ", " The Islands Council " or "The
District Council ", as the case may be, with the addition of the
name of the particular region, islands area or district , and shall
have a common seal.
3.- (1) The chairman of each such council as aforesaid shall
be elected by the council from among the councillors, and in
the case of an equality of votes the chairmanship shall be deter-
mined by lot as between those who received an equal number
of votes.
( 2) The term of office of the chairman shall be four years
from the date of his election as chairman, except in the case of
the first and second ordinary elections of chairman of a district
council when the term of office shall be three years or, in the
case of the filling of a casual vacancy, when the council may
decide that the person elected to fill the vacancy should serve
as chairman for the remainder of the term of office of the
council.
( 3 ) The election of the chairman shall be the first business
transacted at the first meeting of the council held after the
ordinary election of councillors, and at that meeting, until the
chairman is elected, the returning officer, and failing him such
councillor as may be selected by the meeting, shall preside.
( 4 ) A person holding the office of chairman shall be eligible
for re-election as chairman but shall cease to hold that office
upon ceasing to be a councillor.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1923
( 5 ) On a casual vacancy occurring in the office of chairman,
PART I
an election to fill the vacancy shall be held as soon as practic-
able by the council at a meeting of the council the notice of
which specifies the filling of the vacancy as an item of business,
and the meeting shall be conducted in the same manner as an
ordinary election of chairman.
( 6 ) The title of " Lord Provost" shall attach to the chairman
of each of the district councils of the cities of Aberdeen, Dundee,
Edinburgh and Glasgow, the chairman of each other district
council shall be known by such title as the district council, with
the consent of the Secretary of State, may decide and the chair-
man of each regional or islands council shall be known as the
convener of that council.
( 7 ) A council may pay the chairman, for the purpose of
enabling him to meet the expenses of his office, such allowance
as the council think reasonable.
Election of Councillors
4-( 1) Councillors for a local government area shall be Term of office
elected by the local government electors for that area in accord- and
retirement of
ance with this Act and Part I of the Act of 1949.
councillors.
(2) The ordinary election of councillors for a regional or
islands council shall take place in 1974 and every fourth year
thereafter.
( 3) Subject to the provisions of subsection ( 6) below and of
section 37 (3 ) of this Act, the term of office of regional or islands
councillors shall be four years and they shall retire together at the
end of such term on the day of the ordinary election of such
councillors.
( 4 ) The first ordinary election of councillors for a district
council shall take place in 1974, the second such election shall
take place in 1977 and the third such election shall take place
in 1980 ; thereafter such elections shall take place every fourth
year.
( 5 ) Subject to the provisions of subsection (6) below and of
section 37(3) of this Act, the term of office of district councillors
shallbe
(a) for those elected in 1974 and 1977, three years ;
(b) for those elected in 1980 and later, four years ;
and they shall retire together at the end of such term on the
day of the ordinary election of district councillors.
(6) A person elected to the office of councillor at an election
held under the provisions of section 9 or 10 of this Act shall
hold office only until the day of the next ordinary election.
5.-( 1) For the purpose of the election of councillors-
Electoral
( a) every region and every islands area shall be divided divisions and
into electoral divisions ; and
wards.Part III G4
1924 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
Returning
officers.
Conduct of
local
government
elections.
1969 с. 15.
(b) every district shall be divided into wards ;
and each such division or ward shall return one councillor.
(2) There shall be a separate election for each electoral
division or ward.
6.- (1 ) Every local authority shall appoint an officer of the
authority to be the returning officer for each election of coun-
cillors for the authority, and if the person so appointed dies,
resigns or is for any other reason unable to act, the authority
may appoint another person to be returning officer at that
election.
( 2) A returning officer appointed under this Act may by
writing under his hand appoint one or more persons to discharge
all or any of his functions .
( 3) A local government election shall not be liable to be
questioned by reason of a defect in the title, or want of title, of
the person presiding at or conducting the election, if that person
was then in actual possession of, or acting in , the office giving
the right to preside at or conduct the election.
7.-( 1 ) Elections of councillors for local government areas
shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by the
Secretary of State, and accordingly references in the Act of
1949 and in the Representation of the People Act 1969 to local
elections rules shall, as respects Scotland, be construed as refer-
ences to rules made under this section.
( 2) Rules made under this section shall apply the parliamen-
tary elections rules in Schedule 2 to the Act of 1949 subject to
such adaptations, alterations and exceptions as seem appropriate
to the Secretary of State.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2)
above, rules made under this section shall prescribe that the
nomination paper of a candidate for election as a councillor for
a local government area shall contain a statement declaring that
the candidate-
( a ) consents to be nominated as a candidate ;
( b) if elected, will accept office as a councillor and will
faithfully perform the duties of the office ;
(c) has attained the age of 21 years and is a British subject
or citizen of the Republic of Ireland and not subject
to any legal incapacity ; and
( d ) is not subject to any of the disqualifications for office
set out in section 31 of this Act.
( 4) The statement mentioned in subsection (3) above shall also
contain particulars of the candidate's qualification for office
under paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 29( 1 ) of this Act, in such
form as may be prescribed by rules made under this section.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
1925
(5) All expenditure properly incurred by a returning officer
PART I
in relation to the holding of an election of a councillor to a
local authority shall be paid by the council of that authority,
but only (in cases where there is a scale fixed for the purposes
of this section by that council) in so far as it does not exceed
that scale.
(6 ) Before a poll is taken at an election for a local govern-
ment area, the council for that area shall, at the request of the
returning officer or of any person acting as returning officer,
advance to him such reasonable sum in respect of his expenses
at the election as he may require.
(7) A statutory instrument containing rules made under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament.
8. In every year in which ordinary elections of councillors for Day of
local government areas are held, the day of election shall be the ordinary
first Tuesday in May. election.
9.-( 1 ) If at an election of a councillor for a local authority Election
the poll is, in accordance with the provisions of section 13 of the where poll
Representation of the People Act 1969, abandoned or counter- counter-
abandoned or
manded by reason of the death of a candidate, the returning manded on
officer for the election which, by reason of such abandonment death of
or countermanding, has not been duly held or has failed , shall candidate.
order an election to be held as soon as practicable thereafter 1969 c. 15.
on a date to be fixed by him, and he shall remain the returning
officer for that election.
( 2) At any such election, no fresh nomination shall be neces-
sary in the case of a candidate who remained validly nominated
for the election in respect of which the poll was abandoned
or countermanded.
10.-( 1 ) If for any reason a local authority or members of a Provision in
local authority are not elected in accordance with the provisions case of
of this Act or of Part I of the Act of 1949 and the case is not non- election
of local
otherwise provided for, or if there is for any reason no legally authority, etc.
constituted local authority for any area or the number of mem-
bers of a local authority then in office is less than the quorum
ascertained in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 7
to this Act, the Secretary of State may direct the holding of
an election for filling such vacancies as exist, and the election
shall be held as soon as practicable thereafter on a date to be
fixed by the Secretary of State.
( 2) The Secretary of State may, in the said direction, make such
provision as seems to him expedient for authorising any person
1926 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
to act in place of a local authority pending the election of
members of the authority by an election under subsection (1 )
above, and any direction under this section may contain such
incidental, consequential, transitional or supplementary pro-
visions as may appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary
or proper.
Establishment
11.-( 1) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect
of new local
authorities
to the establishment of the new local authorities, the suspension
and
of elections of existing local authorities and related matters, and
supplementary this Part of this Act shall have effect, in relation to such
provisions. establishment, subject to the provisions of that Schedule.
( 2 ) Until 16th May 1975 the registration officer for any part
of a constituency shall be the person who would, by virtue of
the Act of 1949 , have held that office apart from the changes to
local government areas and authorities effected by this Act.
( 3) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of
amending and otherwise modifying the operation of the Repre-
sentation of the People Acts and other enactments relating to
parliamentary and local government elections, being amend-
ments and modifications necessary or expedient in consequence
of other provisions of this Act.
( 4 ) In this Part of this Act " the Act of 1949 " means the
1949 с. 68.
Representation of the People Act 1949, and " registration
officer " has the same meaning as in that Act.
Local
Government
Boundary
Commission
for Scotland.
Proposals
for changes
inlocal
government
areas.
PART II
CHANGES IN LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS
Proposals by Local Government
Boundary Commission for Scotland
12.-( 1 ) There shall be a Local Government Boundary Com-
mission for Scotland (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the
Boundary Commission ") who shall carry out the functions
conferred on them by or under this Act.
( 2) The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the Boundary Commission.
13. The Boundary Commission may, in consequence of a
review conducted by them under this Part of this Act, make
proposals to the Secretary of State for effecting changes appear-
ing to the Commission desirable in the interests of effective and
convenient local government by any of the following means or
any combination of those means (including the application of
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c .65
any of the following paragraphs to an area constituted or altered under any of those paragraphs) :
(a ) the alteration of a local government area ;
( b) the constitution of a new local government area ;
( c ) the abolition of a local government area ;
( d ) a change of electoral arrangements for any local gov-
ernment area which is either consequential on any
change in local government areas proposed under this
section or is a change ( hereafter in this Part of this Act
referred to as a "substantive change " ) which is
independent of any change in local government areas
soproposed .
PART II
14.-(1 ) Subject to sections 15 and 16 of this Act, it shall be Duty and
the duty of the Boundary Commission, not less than ten nor more power to
than fifteen years after 16th May 1975 and thereafter at intervals review local
of not less than ten nor more than fifteen years from the areas.
government
submission of the last report of the Commission on the previous
review under this subsection, to review all local government
areas for the purpose of considering whether to make such
proposals in relation to all or any or any part of those areas as
are authorised by section 13 of this Act and what proposals, if
any, to make, and the Commission shall formulate any such
proposals accordingly.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, the Boundary
Commission may at any time, subject to sections 15 and 16
of this Act, review all or any or any part of the local govern-
ment areas for the purpose of considering whether to
make such proposals in relation to them as are authorised by
section 13 of this Act, and what proposals, if any, to make, and
the Commission shall formulate any such proposals accordingly.
(3) If the Boundary Commission receive a request from a local
authority or from any person that they should conduct a review
under subsection ( 2) above with respect to any local government
area in which the authority or person appears to the Commission
to have an interest, the Commission shall consider the request.
( 4 ) In any case where the Secretary of State has made an
order under section 1 of the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 1968 с. 16.
designating any land as, or as an extension of, a new town and
the area of the new town as so designated or so extended is not
wholly comprised within one district , he shall, as soon as prac-
ticable after the order has become operative, send to the
Boundary Commission a notice stating that the order is in
operation and specifying the districts within which that area is
situated, and on receipt of such a notice it shall be the duty
of the Commission, subject to section 15(3) of this Act, to
1927
1928 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
review the areas of those districts for the purpose of considering
whether to make such proposals in relation to them as are
authorised by section 13 of this Act and what proposals, if any,
to make, and the Commission shall formulate any such proposals
accordingly.
Powers of
Secretary
ofState in
relation to
reviews.
15.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by direction given to the
Boundary Commission vary the length of any interval specified in
section 14( 1) of this Act either as respects the whole review or
as respects any particular case or cases .
( 2) Subject to section 16 of this Act, the Secretary of State
may direct the Boundary Commission to conduct a review of the
local government areas as a whole, or of any one or more such
areas or parts thereof, for the purpose of considering whether to
make such proposals in relation to the areas as are authorised by
section 13 of this Act and what proposals, if any, to make, and
the Commission shall formulate any such proposals accordingly .
( 3) The Secretary of State may direct the Boundary Commis-
sion not to undertake during a specified period a review of any
one or more local government areas or parts of such areas which
they have the duty or power to review under section 14 of
thisAct.
( 4) The Secretary of State may give directions to the Boundary
Commission for their guidance in conducting reviews under this
Part of this Act and in making proposals in consequence thereof ,
and the directions may relate to all such revi reviews or to any
particular review or class of review.
(5) Adirection shall not be given under subsection ( 4 ) above
with respect to any review conducted under this Part of this
Act except after consultation with associations appearing to
the Secretary of State to be representative of local authorities.
(6) The Secretary of State may give directions to the Boundary
Commission with respect to the order in which areas are to be
reviewed by them under sections 14 and 15( 2) of this Act.
Substantive
16 .- (1) No review shall be conducted under section 14 or 15
changes in of this Act for the purpose of making proposals for a substantive
electoral
change of electoral arrangements, but the following provisions
arrangements. of this section shall have effect with respect to the making of
such proposals .
( 2) It shall be the duty of the Boundary Commission not less
than ten nor more than fifteen years after the submission of the
report on the initial review of electoral arrangements for a local
government area under Schedule 5 to this Act and thereafter, so
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1929
far as is reasonably practicable, at intervals of not less than ten nor more than fifteen years from the submission of the last report
of the Commission under this subsection in relation to that area,
to review the electoral arrangements for that area for the purpose
of considering whether to make proposals to the Secretary of
State for a substantive change in those arrangements and what
proposals, if any, to make, and the Commission shall formulate
any such proposals accordingly.
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 2) above, the Boundary
Commission may at any time, whether at the request of a local
authority or otherwise, review the electoral arrangements for a
local government area for the purpose of considering whether to
make proposals to the Secretary of State for a substantive
change in those arrangements and what proposals, if any, to
make and the Commission shall formulate any such proposals
accordingly.
PART II
17.-( 1 ) Where the Boundary Commission have-
Commission's
( a) in accordance with section 14 or 15 of this Act been reports and
their imple-
conducting a review of any area ; or
mentation.( b ) in accordance with section 16 of this Act been con-
ducting a review of electoral arrangements,
on which they have a power or duty to formulate proposals
to the Secretary of State, and in either case the Commission
are of the opinion that they are in a position to submit to the
Secretary of State a report on the review or any part of it, they
shall, not later than the expiry of any time limit applicable to
the review in question in terms of section 14, 15 or 16 of this
Act, submit a report to him on the review or that part, together
with the proposals they have formulated thereon, or, as the
case may be, a notification that they have no proposals to put
forward thereon.
(2) The Secretary of State may if he thinks fit by order give
effect to any proposals made to him by the Boundary Com-
mission, either as submitted to him or with modifications :
Provided that an order giving effect to any such proposals
shall not be made until after the expiry of six weeks from the
day on which those proposals were submitted to him.
( 3) If in relation to any area the Secretary of State decides
to make an order under this section giving effect with modifica-
tions to proposals made to him by the Boundary Commission,
he may, if he thinks fit , direct the Commission to conduct a
further review of that area or, as the case may be, of its
electoral arrangements and to make a report to him containing
revised proposals with respect to that area or those arrangements
within a time specified in the direction .
1930 PART II
Procedure
for reviews.
c .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
( 4) Where, following the submission of any report by the Com-
mission under this section, the Secretary of State decides to make
an order thereunder which abolishes or alters the boundaries of
any local government area, he shall lay any such report before
Parliament together with the order, and any statutory instrument
containing such an order shall be subject to annulment in pur-
suance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
Conduct of Reviews
18.-( 1 ) Where the Boundary Commission propose to conduct
a review under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act ,
they shall take such steps as they think fit to secure that persons
who may be interested in the review are informed of the proposal
to conduct it and of any directions of the Secretary of State
which are relevant to it.
( 2 ) In conducting any such review, the Boundary Commission
shall-
( a ) consult-
(i ) the council of any local government area
affected by the review, and such other local authori-
ties, community councils and public bodies as appear
to them to be concerned ;
(ii ) any bodies representative of staff employed by
local authorities who have asked the Boundary Com-
mission to consult them ; and
(iii) such other persons as they think fit ;
( b) take such steps as they think fit for seeing that persons
who may be interested in the review are informed of
any draft proposals or any interim decision not to
make proposals, and of the place or places where
those proposals or that decision can be inspected ;
( c ) in particular, deposit copies of those proposals or that
decision at the offices of the council of any local
government area which may be affected thereby and
require any such council to keep the copies available
for inspection at their offices for a period specified in
the requirement ; and
( d ) take into consideration any representation made to
them within that period.
(3) Where the Boundary Commission make a report under this
Part of this Act they shall-
( a) take such steps as they think fit for securing that persons
who may be interested in the report are informed of it
and of the place or places where it can be inspected ;
( b ) in particular, deposit copies of the report at the offices
of the council of any local government area which may
be affected thereby and require any such council to
keep the copies available for inspection at their offices
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1931
until the expiration of six months after the making of
PART II
an order giving effect, with or without modifications,
to any proposals contained in the report, or after a
notification by the Commission that they have no pro-
posals to put forward or, as the case may be, by the
Secretary of State that he does not propose to give
effect to the proposals of the Commission.
( 4 ) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the
procedure of the Boundary Commission in conducting any review
under this Part of this Act shall be such as they may determine.
19.-( 1 ) The Boundary Commission may cause a local inquiry Local
to be held with respect to any review carried out by them inquiries.
under this Part of this Act.
( 2 ) Subsections (3) to (6) and (8) of section 210 of this Act
shall apply in relation to an inquiry held under this section with
the substitution for references to a Minister of references to the
Boundary Commission.
Supplementary Provisions
20. Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect with respect to Initial review
the initial review of local government areas and electoral of areas and
arrangements. electoral
arrangements.
21.-( 1) The Boundary Commission may appoint one or more Delegation of
members of the Commission-
functions of
Commission.( a ) tohold any local inquiry or to carry out any consultation
or investigation which the Commission are required
or authorised to hold or carry out under this Act ;
and
(b) to report to the Commission accordingly.
( 2) At the request of the Boundary Commission the Secretary
of State may appoint one or more persons as assistant com-
missioners for all or any of the purposes specified in subsection
(1)(a) and (b) above.
( 3) The appointment of an assistant commissioner under
subsection ( 2) above-
(a) shall be for such period or for such purpose or purposes
as may be specified in the terms of his appointment ;
and
( b ) shall be on such terms and conditions as to remunera-
tion and otherwise as may be determined by the Sec-
retary of State with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service.
1932 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART II
22. No local authority shall have power to promote private
Restriction on
promotionof
legislation for forming or abolishing any local government area
private legislation or for altering, or altering the status or electoral arrangements
for changing
local government
of, any local government area.
areas, etc.
Change of
23.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, the council of a
name of
region, islands area or district may, by a resolution passed by
region, islands
area or
a majority of the whole number of the members of the council
district.
at a meeting of the council specially convened for the purpose
with notice of the object, change the name of the region, islands
area or district.
( 2) Notice of any change of name made under this section-
(a) shall be sent by the council concerned to the Secretary
of State, to the Director General of the Ordnance
Survey and to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths
and Marriages for Scotland ; and
( b) shall be published in such manner as the Secretary of
State may direct.
(3) A change of name made in pursuance of this section shall
not affect any rights or obligations of any council, authority or
person, or render defective any legal proceedings ; and any legal
proceedings may be commenced or continued as if there had been
no change of name.
( 4) The name of a region, islands area or district shall not be
changed under this section unless the change is made with the
consent of the Secretary of State .
Consequential
and
transitional
arrangements
relating to
Part II.
24.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations of general
application make such incidental, consequential, transitional or
supplementary provision as may appear to him to be necessary
or proper for the purposes or in consequence of orders under
this Part of this Act or for giving full effect thereto ; and nothing
in any other provision of this Act shall be construed as prejudic-
ing the generality of this subsection.
(2) Regulations under this section may apply, with or without
modifications, or extend , exclude or amend, or repeal or revoke,
with or without savings, any provision of a local Act or any
instrument made under an Act.
( 3) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
( 4 ) An order under this Part of this Act may include the like
provision in relation to the order as may be made by regulations
of general application under this section by virtue of subsections
( 1) and (2) above ; and nothing in any other provision of this
Act shall be construed as prejudicing the generality of this sub-
section.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
1933
PART II
( 5) Any such order may also include provision with respect
to-
( a ) the name of any altered area ;
( b) the constitution and election of public bodies in any
area affected by the order ;
(c) the retiral of existing councillors for electoral areas which
have been abolished or the assignment of such coun-
cillors and of other existing councillors to new or altered
electoral areas, and the first election of councillors for
any new or altered electoral areas ;
( d ) without prejudice to paragraph (c ) above, the holding
of a fresh election of councillors for all electoral areas
in the local government area in question in a case
where substantial changes have been made to some of
those areas ;
(e ) the abolition or establishment, or the restriction or
extension, of the jurisdiction of any public body in or
over any part of the area affected by the order ;
( f ) the register of electors to be used at any election of
regional, islands or district councillors for any electoral
area affected by the order.
(6) In this section and in section 25 of this Act, " public body "
means a local authority, joint board or joint committee.
25.-( 1 ) Subject to any regulations made under section 24 of Transitional
this Act and to the provisions of any order made under this Part agreements as
of this Act, any public bodies affected by the alteration, abolition to property
and finance.
or constitution of any area by an order under this Part of this
Act may from time to time make agreements with respect to any
property, income, rights, liabilities and expenses (so far as affected
by the alteration, abolition or constitution ) of, and any financial
relations between, the parties to the agreement.
(2) The agreement may provide-
(a ) for the transfer or retention of any property, rights and
liabilities , with or without conditions, and for the joint
use of any property ;
( b) for the making of payments by either party to the
agreement in respect of property, rights and liabilities
so transferred or retained, or of such joint use, and in
respect of the remuneration or compensation payable
to any person ; and
(c ) for the making of any such payment either by way of a
capital sum or of a terminable annuity.
1934 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
1972 с. 59.
Variation and
revocation of
orders under
Part II.
( 3) In default of agreement as to any matter, the matter shall
be referred to the arbitration of a single arbiter agreed on by
the parties, or in default of agreement appointed by the Secretary
of State, and the award of the arbiter may provide for any matter
for which an agreement under this section might have provided ;
but the provisions of section 3 of the Administration of Justice
( Scotland) Act 1972 (power of arbiter to state case to Court of
Session ) shall not apply in relation to an arbitration under
this section.
( 4) Any sum required to be paid by a public body in pursuance
of an agreement or award under this section shall be defrayed in
such manner as may be specified in the agreement or award and,
failing the agreement or award so specifying, in such manner as
the public body making the payment may determine.
( 5) Any capital sum received by a public body in pursuance of
an agreement or award under this section shall be treated as
capital and shall be applied with the sanction of the Secretary
of State either in the repayment of capital debt or for any other
purpose for which capital money may be applied.
26.-( 1 ) The power conferred by section 233 of this Act to
vary and revoke orders under this Act shall, in the case of orders
under this Part of this Act, apply only in relation to any supple-
mentary provision contained in any such order, and an order
varying or revoking any such provision shall only be made after
compliance with subsections (2) and (3) below.
( 2 ) When the Secretary of State proposes to make any such
varying or revoking order he shall prepare a draft of the order,
shall send copies of the draft to such local or public authorities
and community councils as appear to him to be concerned, and
shall give public notice, in such manner as appears to him
sufficient for informing persons likely to be concerned, that the
draft has been prepared, that a copy of the draft is available for
inspection at one or more places specified in the notice and that
representations with respect to the draft may be made to him
within two months of the publication of the notice.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall consider any representations
duly made with respect to the draft and may, if he thinks fit ,
make an order either in the form of the draft or subject to
modifications.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry to be held
with respect to a draft order under this section.
( 5) In this section " supplementary provision " means any such
provision as could be made by an order under this Part of this
Act by virtue of section 24 or 215 of this Act.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
1935
27. In considering the framing or approval of a scheme or PART II
of an amendment to a scheme under Part IV of this Act, a local Consultation
authority or the Secretary of State may consult the Boundary with
Commission on any matter relating to the boundaries of the area Boundary
Commission
of a community council.
on schemes for
community councils.
28.-( 1) In this Part of this Act-
Supple-
" electoral arrangements means, in relation to a local mentary .
ود
government area, the number of councillors of the
council for that area, the number and boundaries of
the electoral areas into which that area is for the time
being divided for the purpose of the election of the
councillors, and the designation of any electoral area ;
" local government area " means a region, islands area or
district ;
" substantive change" has the meaning assigned to it by
section 13 (d ) of this Act.
( 2 ) In considering the electoral arrangements for local govern-
ment areas for the purposes of this Part of this Act, the Secretary
of State and the Boundary Commission shall so far as is
reasonably practicable comply with the rules set out in Schedule
6 to this Act, and the said arrangements shall be in accordance
with the provisions of section 5 of this Act.
( 3) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect, nor shall
anything done thereunder affect, the area of the registration
district for which a registrar is required to be appointed under the
Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act 1965 c. 49.
1965 or the provisions of that Act relating to registration districts.
PART III
GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO MEMBERS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
AND PROCEEDINGS
Qualifications and disqualifications
29.-(1 ) A person shall, unless disqualified by virtue of this Qualifications
Act or any other enactment, be qualified to be nominated as a for
candidate for election as, or to be elected, or to be, a member nomination,
election and
of a local authority if he has attained the age of 21 years, holding office
is a British subject or a citizen of the Irish Republic and not as member
subject to any legal incapacity and-
oflocal
authority.(a) is, on the day on which he is nominated as a candidate, a
local government elector for the area of the authority ;
or
1936 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III
Re - election.
Disqualifica-
tions for
nomination,
election and
holding office
as member
oflocal
authority.
1949 с. 68.
( b) has, during the whole of the twelve months preceding
the day on which he is nominated as a candidate,
occupied as owner or tenant any land or other premises
in the area of the authority ; or
( c ) his principal or only place of work in the twelve months
preceding the day on which he is nominated as a
candidate has been in the area of the authority ; or
( d ) has, during the whole of the twelve months preceding
the day on which he is nominated as a candidate,
resided in the area of the authority.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) above, " owner " includes heir of entail in
possession, liferenter and beneficiary entitled under any trust to
the rents and profits of land or other premises, and does not
include fiar of land or other premises subject to a liferent, or
tutor, curator, judicial factor or commissioners .
30. A person ceasing to hold office to which he is elected
under this Act shall, unless he is not qualified or is disqualified,
be eligible for re-election.
31.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and ( 3) below, a person
shall be disqualified for being nominated as a candidate for
election as , or for being elected, or for being, a member of a local
authority if-
(a) he or a partner of his holds any paid office or employ-
ment (other than the office of chairman ) or other place
of profit in the gift or disposal-
(i) of the authority ; or
(ii) of any joint committee or joint board the
expenses of which are defrayed in part by the
authority ; or
( b) he is a person whose estate has been sequestrated by a
court in Scotland or who has been adjudged bankrupt
elsewhere than in Scotland ; or
( c) he has, within five years before the day of nomination,
or election or since his election, as the case may be,
been convicted in the United Kingdom, the Channel
Islands, the Isle of Man or the Irish Republic of any
offence and has had passed on him a sentence of im-
prisonment ( whether suspended or not) for a period of
not less than three months without the option of a fine ;
or
( d ) he is disqualified for being elected or for being a member
of that authority under Part III of the Representation
of the People Act 1949.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
1937
(2) Where a person is disqualified under subsection ( 1) above
PART III
by reason of his estate having been sequestrated, the disqualifica-
tion shall cease if and when-
(a ) the sequestration of his estate is recalled or reduced ; or
(b) he obtains his discharge from a court in Scotland.
(3 ) Where a person is disqualified under subsection (1) above
by reason of having been adjudged bankrupt, then-
( a) if the bankruptcy is annulled on the ground that he
ought not to have been adjudged bankrupt or on the
ground that his debts have been paid in full, the dis-
qualification shall cease on the date of the annulment ;
(b) if he is discharged with a certificate that the bankruptcy
was caused by misfortune without any misconduct on
his part, the disqualification shall cease on the date of
his discharge ; and
( c) if he is discharged without such a certificate, his dis-
qualification shall cease on the expiration of five years
from the date of his discharge.
( 4 ) A person who is for the time being a member, officer or
servant of, or an officer or servant of a subsidiary ( within the
meaning of the Transport Act 1962) of, the Passenger Transport 1962 с. 46.
Executive for an area which falls within a region shall be
disqualified for being elected or being a member of the council
of that region.
32.-( 1) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, proceedings against Proceedings
any person on the ground that he is disqualified ( within the for dis-
meaning of this section ) for being nominated as a candidate qualification.
for election as a member of a local authority may be instituted
before the sheriff principal by any opposing candidate at the
election.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, proceedings against any
person on the ground that he acted, or claims to be entitled
to act, as a member of a local authority while disqualified for so
acting within the meaning of this section may be instituted before
the sheriff principal by the local authority concerned or by
any four or more local government electors for the area
concerned.
(3) Proceedings under this section may not be instituted after
the alleged disqualification has ceased to exist, but proceedings
pending at the time of such cessation may continue.
( 4 ) Where in proceedings under this section it is proved that
a person has acted as a member of a local authority while
disqualified for so acting, the sheriff principal may-
( a) make a declaration to that effect and declare that the
office in which the person has acted is vacant ;
1938 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III
Validity of
acts done by
unqualified
persons.
Resignation.
Vacation of
officeby failure to
attend
meetings.
( b) grant interdict against the person so acting ;
( c ) order the person to pay to the authority such sum not
exceeding £ 100 as the sheriff principal thinks fit.
(5) Where in proceedings under this section it is proved
that the person concerned claims to act as a member of a
local authority and is disqualified for so acting, the sheriff
principal may make a declaration to that effect and declare
that the office in which the person claims to be entitled to act
is vacant and grant interdict against the person so acting.
(6) The sheriff principal shall have the same powers and privi-
leges as a judge on the trial of a parliamentary election petition.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section, a person shall be deemed
to be disqualified for acting as a member of a local authority
if he is not qualified to be, or is disqualified for being, a
member of the authority.
33. The acts and proceedings of any person elected to an
office under this Act and acting in that office shall, notwithstand-
ing any question as to the validity of his election or his disquali-
fication or want of qualification, be as valid and effectual as if
he had been duly elected and qualified.
Resignation and Vacation of Office
34. A member of a local authority may, at any time, resign
his office as member by a notice in writing signed by him and
delivered to the proper officer of the authority, and his resigna-
tion shall take effect upon the expiration of three weeks after
the date of delivery of the notice or upon such earlier date,
if any, as may be stated in the notice as the date on which
the resignation is to take effect.
35.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (2) and ( 3) below, if a member
of a local authority fails throughout a period of six consecutive
months to attend any meeting of the authority, he shall, unless
the failure was due to some reason approved by the authority,
cease to be a member of the authority.
(2) Attendance as a member at a meeting of any committee
or sub- committee of the authority, or at a meeting of any joint
committee, joint board or other body by whom for the time
being any of the functions of the authority are being discharged,
and attendance as representative of the authority at a meeting
of any body of persons, shall be deemed for the purposes of
subsection ( 1) above to be attendance at a meeting of the
authority.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
1939
( 3) A member of any branch of Her Majesty's naval, military
PART III
or air forces when employed during war or any emergency
on any naval, military or air force service, and a person whose
employment in the service of Her Majesty in connection with
war or any emergency is such as, in the opinion of the Secretary
of State, to entitle him to relief from disqualification on account
of absence, shall not cease to be a member of a local authority
by reason only of a failure to attend meetings of the local
authority if the failure is due to that employment.
36. For the purpose of filling a casual vacancy in any office Casual
for which an election is held under this Act, the date on which vacancies.
the vacancy is to be deemed to have occurred shall be
( a) in the case of death, on the date of death ;
(b ) in the case of resignation, the date on which the notice
of resignation takes effect ;
(c) in the case of the election of a person who is not
qualified to be elected or who is disqualified for being
elected a member of a local authority, or of a member
of a local authority ceasing to be qualified to be a
member or becoming disqualified for being a member,
the date on which the office has been declared vacant
by the sheriff principal or the date of the determination
of any appeal ;
( d ) in the case of a full number of members of a local
authority not being elected at an election, the date of
the election ;
(e) in the case of an election being declared void on an
election petition, the date of the decision of the election
court;
( f ) in the case of a vacancy arising from any other cause,
not being a vacancy arising in ordinary course, such
date as the local authority may determine.
37.-( 1 ) On a casual vacancy occurring in the office of coun- Filling
cillor, an election to fill the vacancy shall be held within three of casual
months from the date on which the vacancy is deemed to have vacancies.
occurred, and the day of election to fill the vacancy shall be
fixed by the returning officer .
( 2) Where a casual vacancy in any such office occurs within
six months before the date of the next ordinary election, an
election shall not be held under subsection ( 1) above unless, on
the occurrence of the vacancy (or in the case of a number of
simultaneous vacancies, the occurrence of the vacancies) , the total
number of unfilled vacancies in the membership of the council
exceeds one third of the whole number of members ; and where
an election under subsection (1) above is not held, the vacancy
shall be filled at the next ordinary election.
1940 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART III
(3) A person elected to fill a casual vacancy in the office of
councillor shall hold office until the day of the next ordinary
election .
Restrictions on voting
Disability of
38.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of section 60 of this Act,
members of
authorities
if a member of a local authority has any pecuniary interest, direct
for voting on
or indirect, in any contract , proposed contract or other matter,
account of
and is present at a meeting of the local authority at which the
interest in
contract or other matter is the subject of consideration, he shall
contracts, etc. at the meeting, and as soon as practicable after its commence-
ment, disclose the fact and shall not take part in the consideration
or discussion of the contract or other matter or vote on any
question with respect to it.
( 2) If any person fails to comply with the provisions of sub-
section ( 1) above, he shall for each offence be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £200 unless he proves that he
did not know that the contract, proposed contract or other matter
in which he had a pecuniary interest was the subject of con-
sideration at that meeting.
(3) A local authority may, by standing orders, provide for the
exclusion of a member of the authority from a meeting of the
authority while any contract, proposed contract or other matter
in which he has a pecuniary interest, direct or indirect, is under
consideration.
( 4 ) The following, that is to say-
( a ) the receipt by the chairman of a council of an allowance
to meet the expenses of his office or his right to receive,
or the possibility of his receiving, such an allowance ;
(b) the receipt by a member of a local authority of an
allowance or other payment under any provision of
sections 45 to 48 of this Act or his right to receive, or
the possibility of his receiving, any such payment ;
shall not be treated as a pecuniary interest for the purposes of
this section.
Pecuniary
interests for
purposes of
section 38 .
39.-( 1 ) For the purposes of section 38 of this Act, a person
shall be treated, subject to the following provisions of this section
and to section 41 of this Act, as having indirectly a pecuniary
interest in a contract, proposed contract or other matter, if-
(a ) he or any nominee of his is a member of a company
or other body with which the contract was made or is
proposed to be made or which has a direct pecuniary
interest in the other matter under consideration ; or
( b) he is a partner, or is in the employment, of a person with
whom the contract was made or is proposed to be made
or who has a direct pecuniary interest in the other
matter under consideration.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1941
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) above does not apply to membership of or PART III
employment under any public body, and a member of a com-
pany or other body shall not by reason only of his membership
be treated as having an interest in any contract, proposed con-
tract or other matter if he has no beneficial interest in any
securities of that company or other body.
( 3) In the case of married persons living together, the interest
of one spouse shall, if known to the other, be deemed for the
purpose of section 38 of this Act to be also an interest of the
other.
40.-( 1) A general notice, given in writing to the proper General
officer of the authority by a member thereof, to the effect that notices and
he or his spouse is a member or in the employment of a specified recording of
disclosures
company or other body , or that he or his spouse is a partner or for purposes
in the employment of a specified person, or that he or his of section 38.
spouse is the tenant of any premises owned by the authority,
shall, unless and until the notice is withdrawn, be deemed to be
a sufficient disclosure of his interest in any contract, proposed
contract or other matter relating to that company or other body
or to that person or to those premises which may be the subject
of consideration after the date of the notice.
( 2) The proper officer of the authority shall record, in a book
to be kept for the purpose, particulars of any disclosure made
under section 38 of this Act and of any notice given under
this section, and the book shall be open at all reasonable hours
to the inspection of any local government elector for the area
of the local authority.
41.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State, as respects a member of any Removal or
local authority, may, subject to such conditions as he may think exclusion of
fit to impose, remove any disability imposed by section 38 of
disability, etc.
this Act in any case in which the number of members of a local
authority disabled by that section at any one time would be so
great a proportion of the whole as to impede the transaction of
business, or in any other case in which it appears to the Secretary
of State in the interests of the inhabitants of the area that the
disability should be removed.
( 2 ) The power of the Secretary of State under subsection ( 1 )
above includes power to remove, either indefinitely or for any
period, any such disability which would otherwise attach to
any member, or any class or description of member, by reason of
such interests, and in respect of such matters, as may be specified
by the Secretary of State.
(3) Nothing in section 38 of this Act precludes any person
from taking part in the consideration or discussion of, or voting
on, any question whether an application should be made to
the Secretary of State for the exercise of the powers conferred
by subsections ( 1) and (2) above.
1942 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III
Interpretation
of sections 39
and41.
1958 с. 45.
1962 с. 47
1935 c. ii .
( 4 ) Section 38 of this Act does not apply to an interest in a
contract, proposed contract or other matter which a member
of a local authority has as a ratepayer or inhabitant of the
area, or as an ordinary consumer of water or to an interest in
any matter relating to the terms on which the right to participate
in any service, including the supply of goods, is offered to the
public.
( 5) For the purposes of section 38 of this Act, a member shall
not be treated as having a pecuniary interest in any contract,
proposed contract or other matter by reason only of an interest
of his or of any company, body or person with which he is
connected, as mentioned in section 39 of this Act, which is so
remote or insignificant that it cannot reasonably be regarded as
likely to influence a member in the consideration or discussion
of , or in voting on, any question with respect to that contract
or matter.
( 6 ) Where a member of a local authority has an indirect
pecuniary interest in a contract, proposed contract or other
matter by reason only of a beneficial interest in securities of a
company or other body, and the total nominal value of those
securities does not exceed £1,000 or one- hundredth of the total
nominal value of the issued share capital of the company or
body, whichever is the less, and if the share capital is of more
than one class, the total nominal value of shares of any one
class in which he has a beneficial interest does not exceed one-
hundredth of the total issued share capital of that class, sections
38 and 39 of this Act shall not prohibit him from taking part in
the consideration or discussion of the contract or other matter or
from voting on any question with respect to it, without prejudice,
however, to his duty to disclose his interest.
42.- (1) In sections 39 and 41 of this Act, " securities " and
" shares " have the same meaning respectively as in the Preven-
tion of Fraud (Investments ) Act 1958 .
( 2 ) In section 39 of this Act, " public body " includes any body
established for the purpose of carrying on under national owner-
ship any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, the
governing body of any university, or college, school or hall of
a university, college of education or central institution or of any
institution established under section 81 ( 2) of the Education
(Scotland) Act 1962, and the National Trust for Scotland for
Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by
the Order confirmed by the National Trust for Scotland Order
Confirmation Act 1935.
In this subsection, “ college of education " and " central
institution " have the meanings assigned to them by section 145
of the said Act of 1962.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с .65
1943
Meetings and proceedings PART III
43. The provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act shall have Meetings and
effect with respect to the meetings and proceedings of local proceedings
authorities and their committees. oflocal
authorities.
44.-( 1) For the purpose of securing the admission, so far as Admission of
practicable, of the public ( including the press ) to all meetings public and
of committees of local authorities as well as to meetings of local press to local authority
authorities themselves, the Public Bodies ( Admission to Meetings ) meetings .
Act 1960 (in this section referred to as " the 1960 Act ") shall 1960 с. 67.
have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to section 2(1) of the 1960 Act (applica-
tion of section 1 of that Act to any committee of a body whose
membership consists of or includes all members of that body)
section 1 of the 1960 Act shall apply to any committee constituted
under an enactment specified in section 56(9) of this Act and
to any committee appointed by one or more local authorities
under section 57 of this Act, not being a committee falling
within section 2(1 ) of the 1960 Act.
( 3) Where section 1 of the 1960 Act applies to a committee
by virtue of subsection ( 2 ) above, then, for the purposes of
subsection (4) (c) of that section, premises belonging to the local
authority or one or more of the local authorities which appointed
the committee shall be treated as belonging to the committee.
Allowances to members of local authorities and other bodies
45.-( 1 ) Any member of a local authority who is a councillor Attendance
shall be entitled to receive a payment by way of attendance allowance and
allowance, that is to say, a payment for the performance of financial loss
allowance.
any approved duty, being a payment of such reasonable amount,
not exceeding the prescribed amount, as the local authority
may determine.
( 2 ) The amount prescribed under subsection ( 1 ) above may
be prescribed by reference to any period of twenty- four hours.
( 3) The amount of any allowance determined by a local
authority under subsection ( 1) above may vary according to
the time of day and the duration of the duty, but shall be the
same for all members of the authority entitled to the allowance
in respect of a duty of any description at the same time of day
and of the same duration.
( 4 ) Any member of a body to which this section applies who
is not entitled under subsection ( 1) above to receive attendance
allowance for the performance of an approved duty shall be
entitled to receive a payment by way of financial loss allowance
that is to say, a payment not exceeding the prescribed amount
in respect of any loss of earnings necessarily suffered, or any
1944 c.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART III
additional expenses (other than expenses on account of travelling
or subsistence) necessarily suffered or incurred by him for the
purpose of enabling him to perform that duty.
Travelling
46.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below a member of a body
allowance and to which this section applies shall be entitled to receive payments
subsistence
allowance.
by way of travelling allowance or subsistence allowance where
expenditure on travelling ( whether inside or outside the United
Kingdom ) or, as the case may be, on subsistence is necessarily
incurred by him for the purpose of enabling him to perform
any approved duty as a member of that body, being payments
at rates determined by that body, but not exceeding, in the
case of travel for the purpose of an approved duty within the
United Kingdom, such rates as may be specified by the Secretary
ofState.
( 2) A member of a body shall not be entitled to a payment
under this section by way of subsistence allowance in respect
of the performance of an approved duty except in respect of a
duty performed at a distance of more than three miles from
his usual place of residence.
Allowances
for attending
conferences
and meetings.
47.- (1 ) The following bodies, that is to say-
(a ) any local authority ;
(b) any other body to which this section applies and which
has power by virtue of any enactment to send represen-
tatives to any conference or meeting to which this
section applies ;
may pay any member of the authority or other body attending
any such conference or meeting such allowances in the nature
of those payable under sections 45 and 46 of this Act as they
think fit, being payments of such reasonable amounts as they
may determine in any particular case or class of case and not
exceeding the amounts prescribed under section 45 of this Act
and, except in the case of a conference or meeting held outside
the United Kingdom, specified under section 46 of this Act
for the corresponding allowances under those sections.
(2) Where a body mentioned in subsection ( 1) (b) above has
power under any enactment other than this Act or any instru-
ment under such an enactment to pay expenses incurred in
attending a conference or meeting to which this section applies ,
the amount payable under that enactment or instrument shall not
exceed the amount which would be payable in respect of the
attendance under that subsection.
( 3) In relation to a local authority, this section applies to a
conference or meeting held inside or outside the United Kingdom
and convened by any person or body (other than a person or
body convening it in the course of a trade or business or a
body the objects of which are wholly or partly political) for the
purpose of discussing matters which in their opinion relate to
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
1945
the interests of their area or any part of it or the interests of PART III
the inhabitants of their area or any part of it.
( 4) In relation to any other body to which this section applies ,
other than a water development board within the meaning of
the Water (Scotland ) Act 1967, this section applies to a con- 1967 c. 78.
ference or meeting convened by one or more such bodies or
by an association of such bodies.
(5 ) In relation to any water development board as aforesaid,
this section applies to a conference or meeting held inside or
outside the United Kingdom and convened by any other person
or body (other than a person or body convening it in the course
of a trade or business or a body the objects of which are wholly
or partly political) for the purpose of discussing matters which in
the opinion of the board relate to their functions.
48.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, a local authority Payment of
may- expenses of
official and
( a ) defray any travelling or other expenses reasonably courtesy
incurred by or on behalf of any members in making visits, etc.
official and courtesy visits, whether inside or outside
the United Kingdom, on behalf of the authority ;
(b) defray any expenses incurred in the reception and
entertainment by way of official courtesy of distin-
guished persons visiting the area of the authority and
persons representative of or connected with local govern-
ment or other public services whether inside or outside
the United Kingdom and in the supply of information
to any such persons.
( 2 ) In the case of a visit within the United Kingdom, the
amount defrayed under this section by a local authority in respect
of the expenses of any member of the authority in making a
visit within the United Kingdom shall not exceed the payments
which he would have been entitled to receive by way of travelling
allowance or subsistence allowance under section 46 of this Act
if the making of the visit had been an approved duty of that
member.
49.-( 1 ) Sections 45 to 47 of this Act shall apply to the Provisions
following bodies-
supplementary
to sections
( a ) all local authorities ;
45 to 48.
( b) Valuation Appeal Committees established under the
Valuation and Rating ( Scotland) Act 1956 ;
1956 с. 60.(c ) any joint committee of two or more local authorities,
whether appointed or established under this Act or
any other enactment ;
( d ) any board, joint board, joint authority or other com-
bined body, all the members of which are representa-
tives of local authorities ;
1946 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III ( e) any body prescribed for the purposes of those sections
and on which any such body as is mentioned in any of
the foregoing paragraphs is represented; and
( f ) the Commission for Local Authority Accounts in
Scotland.
( 2) In sections 45, 46 and 48 of this Act, the expression
" approved duty ", in relation to a member of abody, means any
of the following duties , that is to say-
( a) attendance at a meeting of the body, or of any of its
committees or sub-committees ;
( b) the doing of any other thing approved by the body, or
anything of a class so approved, for the purpose of, or
in connection with, the discharge of the functions of the
body, or of any of its committees or sub-committees ;
( c ) where, in pursuance of a duty imposed on or a power
granted to the body by any enactment or instrument
( including a Royal Charter), he has been appointed by
or on the nomination of the body to be a member of
some other body prescribed for the purposes of this
paragraph (whether or not also prescribed for the pur-
poses of sections 45 to 47 of this Act ), the doing of
anything as a member of that other body for the pur-
pose of, or in connection with, the discharge of the
functions of that other body.
( 3) For the purposes of sections 45 to 48 of this Act a
member of a committee or sub- committee of a local authority
or other body mentioned in subsection ( 1) above shall be
deemed to be a member of that body.
( 4 ) Section 38 ( 4) of this Act shall apply in relation to a member
of any body mentioned in subsection ( 1) above to whom it would
not otherwise apply as it applies in relation to a member of a
local authority ; and no other enactment or instrument shall pre-
vent a member of any such body from taking part in the con-
sideration or determination of any allowance or other payment
under any of the provisions of sections 45 to 48 of this Act.
Regulations as 50.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the
to allowances. manner in which sections 45 to 48 of this Act are to be adminis-
tered, and in particular, and without prejudice to the generality
of the foregoing provision, may make regulations-
( a ) providing for the avoidance of duplication in payments
under those sections , or between payments under any
of those sections and any other Act, and for the deter-
mination of the body or bodies by whom any payments
under those sections are to be made, and, where such
payments are to be made by more than one body, for
the apportionment between those bodies of the sums
payable ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1947
( b ) specifying the forms to be used and the particulars to
be provided for the purpose of claiming payments
under those sections ;
( c ) providing for the publication by a body to which sections
45 to 47 of this Act apply, in the minutes of that body
or otherwise, of details of such payments.
( 2) A statutory instrument containing regulations under section
45 or 49 of this Act or this section shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
PART III
PART IV
COMMUNITY COUNCILS
51.-( 1 ) Every local authority within the meaning of this Part Establishment
of this Act shall, before 16th May 1976, or such later date as may and general
be agreed by the Secretary of State, submit to the Secretary of purpose of
State , in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, community
councils.
a scheme for the establishment of community councils for their
area.
( 2 ) In addition to any other purpose which a community
council may pursue, the general purpose of a community council
shall be to ascertain, co- ordinate and express to the local
authorities for its area, and to public authorities, the views of
the community which it represents, in relation to matters for
which those authorities are responsible, and to take such action
in the interests of that community as appears to it to be expedient
and practicable.
( 3) In this Part of this Act , except subsection (2) above,
" local authority " means an islands council or a district council.
52.-( 1 ) Every local authority shall give public notice of their Schemes.
intention to frame a scheme for the establishment of community
councils, and any such notice shall invite the public, within a
period of not less than eight weeks from the date of the notice,
to make suggestions as to the areas and composition of the com-
munity councils .
( 2) After considering suggestions made under subsection ( 1 )
above, the local authority shall prepare and give public notice
of a draft scheme which shall contain-
( a ) a map showing the boundaries of the proposed areas
of community councils and their populations, and the
boundaries of any area for which the local authority
consider a community council to be unnecessary ;
( b) where a local authority consider that a community
council is unnecessary for any area, a statement of
their reasons for arriving at this conclusion ;
1948 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
Amendment
ofschemes.
( c) provisions relating to qualifications of electors, elec-
tions or other voting arrangements, composition, meet-
ings, financing and accounts of community councils ;
( d ) provisions concerning the procedures to be adopted
by which the community councils on the one hand and
the local and public authorities with responsibilities in
the areas of the community councils on the other will
keep each other informed on matters of mutual
interest ; and
(e) such other information as, in the opinion of the local
authority, would help the public to make a reasonable
appraisal of the scheme.
( 3) The notice mentioned in subsection (2) above shall invite
the public, within a period of not less than eight weeks from the
date of the notice, to make to the local authority representa-
tions as respects the draft scheme.
( 4 ) After considering any representations made under sub-
section (3) above, the local authority may amend the draft
scheme to take account of those representations and shall submit
the scheme to the Secretary of State for his approval along with
any outstanding representations and their comments upon them.
( 5) The Secretary of State, after holding, if he thinks fit, a
local inquiry in relation to the whole scheme or any part thereof,
may approve, with or without modifications, a scheme submitted
to him under subsection ( 4) above, or may refer the scheme
back, in whole or in part, for further consideration by the local
authority concerned.
(6) After the Secretary of State has approved a scheme, the
local authority shall give public notice of the scheme in its
approved form together with public notice of such a scheme as
it applies to each proposed area, by exhibition in that area,
and any such notice shall contain an invitation to electors in the
area concerned to apply in writing to the local authority for the
establishment of a community council in accordance with the
scheme.
( 7) Where not less than 20 electors apply as mentioned in
subsection (6) above, the local authority shall, within not more
than six weeks from the date of the application, organise, in
accordance with the scheme, elections or other voting arrange-
ments for the purpose of establishing the community council .
53.-( 1 ) Having regard to changing circumstances and to any
representations made to them, every local authority shall from
time to time review schemes made and approved under section
52 of this Act and, where they consider that such a scheme
ought to be amended, they shall give public notice of their
proposals, inviting any community council concerned and the
public to make to the local authority representations as respects
the proposals.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
1949
( 2) Where no representations as respects proposals are made
PART IV
under subsection ( 1 ) above or any made have been withdrawn,
the scheme shall have effect as amended by the proposals .
( 3) Where representations as aforesaid are not withdrawn,
the local authority may amend their proposals to take account
of those representations and shall submit their proposals to
the Secretary of State for his approval along with any out-
standing representations and their comments upon them .
( 4) The Secretary of State, after holding, if he thinks fit, a
local inquiry in relation to proposals submitted to him under
subsection (3) above, may approve the proposals, with or with-
out modifications, or may refuse to approve them, and where he
approves the proposals, the local authority shall give public
notice of the proposals and the scheme shall have effect as
amended by the proposals.
54.-(1 ) If, contrary to section 51 of this Act, a local authority Default
fail to submit to the Secretary of State a scheme for their area powers of the
or any part thereof, he may himself prepare a scheme, carry out Secretary of
State under
any consultations which seem to him to be appropriate, and, Part IV.
if he thinks fit , hold a local inquiry in relation to the scheme.
(2) After considering those consultations and the result of any
local inquiry, the Secretary of State may confirm the scheme
subject to such, if any, modifications as he thinks fit , and may
organise, in accordance with the scheme, elections or other voting
arrangements for the purpose of establishing a community coun-
cil or councils for the area or areas concerned.
( 3) If, contrary to section 53 of this Act , a local authority
fail to review a scheme or make proposals in pursuance of such
review, the Secretary of State may propose amendments to the
scheme, carry out consultations and hold a local inquiry as
aforesaid.
( 4 ) After considering those consultations and the result of any
local inquiry, the Secretary of State may confirm the amend-
ments subject to such, if any, modifications as he thinks fit.
(5) Where a scheme or amendments are confirmed by the
Secretary of State under this section, he shall give public notice
of the scheme or amendments as confirmed.
( 6 ) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State by virtue
of this section, which he certifies as having been incurred in
performing the functions of a local authority , may be recovered
by him from that authority .
55. Regional, islands and district councils may make such Assistance to
contributions as they think fit towards the expenses of com - community
munity councils within their areas , may make loans to those coun- councils.
cils and may, at the request of such community councils, provide
Part III H
1950 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
them with staff, services, accommodation, furniture, vehicles and
equipment, on such terms as to payment or otherwise as may be
agreed between the councils concerned.
PART V
INTERNAL ORGANISATION
Discharge of functions
Arrangements for discharge
56.-( 1) Subject to any express provision contained in this
Act or any Act passed after this Act, a local authority may
offunctions
arrange for the discharge of any of their functions by a com-
bylocal authorities.
mittee of the authority, a sub- committee, an officer of the
authority or by any other local authority in Scotland.
(2) Where by virtue of this section any functions of a local
authority may be discharged by a committee of theirs, then,
unless the local authority otherwise direct, the committee may
arrange for the discharge of any of those functions by a sub-
committee or an officer of the authority.
( 3) Where by virtue of this section any functions of a local
authority may be discharged by another local authority, sub-
sections ( 1) and (2) above shall apply in relation to those
functions as they apply in relation to the functions of that
other authority, except that-
( a) the foregoing provision shall have effect subject to the
terms of the arrangement relating to the functions ; and
( b) that other authority shall not, by virtue of this sub-
section, arrange for the discharge of those functions
by some other local authority.
( 4 ) Any arrangement made by a local authority or committee
under this section for the discharge of any functions by a com-
mittee, sub-committee, officer or local authority shall not prevent
the authority or committee by whom the arrangement is made
from exercising those functions .
( 5) Two or more local authorities may discharge any of their
functions jointly and, where arrangements are in force for them
to do so, -
( a) they may also arrange for the discharge of those func-
tions by a joint committee of theirs or by an officer of
one of them, and subsection (2) above shall apply in
relation to those functions as it applies in relation to
the functions of the individual authorities ; and
( b) any enactment relating to those functions or the authori-
ties by whom or the areas in respect of which they are
to be discharged shall have effect subject to all neces-
sary modifications in its application in relation to those
functions and the authorities by whom and the areas
in respect of which (whether in pursuance of the
arrangements or otherwise) they are to be discharged.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
1951
( 6) A local authority's functions with respect to determining
PART V
a rate or borrowing money shall be discharged only by the
authority.
( 7 ) A local authority shall not make arrangements under this
section for the discharge of any of their functions under the
Diseases of Animals Act 1950 by any other local authority.
1950 с. 36.
( 8) Any enactment, except one mentioned in subsection (9)
below, which contains any provision-
(a ) which empowers or requires local authorities or any
class of local authorities to establish committees ( in-
cluding joint committees) for any purpose or enables
a Minister to make an instrument establishing com-
mittees of local authorities for any purpose, or em-
powering or requiring a local authority or any class
of local authorities to establish committees for any
purpose ; or
(b) which empowers or requires local authorities or any
class of local authorities to arrange or to join with
other authorities in arranging for the exercise by com-
mittees so established or by officers of theirs of any
of their functions or provides that any specified func-
tions of theirs shall be discharged by such committees
or officers, or enables any Minister to make an instru-
ment conferring such a power, imposing such a require-
ment or containing such a provision ;
shall, to the extent that it makes any such provision, cease to
have effect.
( 9) The following enactments are exempted from subsection
( 8 ) above-
( a) section 36 of the Fire Service Act 1947 so far as relating 1947 c. 41 .
to administration schemes ;
(b) sections 19, 20, 21 and 21A of the Police (Scotland ) Act 1967 с. 77.
1967 ( amalgamation schemes) ;
(c) section 2 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (social 1968 с. 49.
work committees) ;
(d ) paragraph 3 of Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1968
( children's panel advisory committees) ;
(e) section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 (superannua- 1972 с. 11 .
tion of persons employed in local government service,
etc.) ;
( f ) section 9 of the said Act of 1972 (superannuation of
teachers ) .
( 10) This section shall not authorise a local authority to
arrange for the discharge by any committee, sub- committee or
local authority of any functions which, by any enactment men-
tion in subsection (9) above, are required or authorised to be
discharged by a specified committee, but the foregoing pro-
vision shall not prevent a local authority who are required by
Part III H2
1952 c. 65
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTV
1970 с . 39.
or under any such enactment to establish, or delegate functions
to, a committee established by or under any such enactment
from arranging under this section for the discharge of their
functions by an officer of the local authority or committee, as
the case may be.
(11) In accordance with such directions as the Secretary of
State may give in that regard, the Strathclyde Regional Council
shall before 31st December 1974 prepare and submit to him for
his approval proposals setting forth the arrangements made by
them for the discharge of their functions under the Education
( Scotland) Acts 1939 to 1973 and the Social Work (Scotland)
Acts 1968 and 1972 .
(12 ) The Secretary of State may approve, with or without
modifications , proposals submitted to him under subsection ( 11)
above or may refuse to approve them, and any such proposals
may be varied or revoked by subsequent proposals which shall
be submitted to the Secretary of State for approval or otherwise
as aforesaid.
(13) The Strathclyde Regional Council shall cause their said
functions to be discharged in accordance with any proposals
approved under subsection ( 12) above, and on 15th May 1978
subsections (11) and (12) above and this subsection shall cease
to have effect.
(14) References in this section and section 57 below to the
discharge of any of the functions of a local authority include
references to the doing of anything which is calculated to
facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the discharge of any
of those functions.
(15) Nothing in this section affects the operation of the Local
Authorities ( Goods and Services) Act 1970.
Appointment
57.- ( 1 ) For the purpose of discharging any functions of a
of committees. local authority in pursuance of arrangements made under
section 56 of this Act-
( a ) the authority may appoint a committee of the authority ;
or
(b) two or more local authorities may appoint a joint com-
mittee of those authorities ; or
(c ) any such committee may appoint one or more sub-
committees .
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the number of
members of a committee appointed under subsection (1 ) above,
their term of office, and the area (if restricted) within which the
committee are to exercise their authority, shall be fixed by the
appointing authority or authorities or, in the case of a sub-
committee, by the appointing committee.
(3) A committee appointed under subsection ( 1) above, other
than a committee for regulating and controlling the finance of
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с.65
1953
the local authority or of their area may, subject to section 59
PARTV
below, include persons who are not members of the appointing
authority or authorities or, in the case of a sub-committee, the
authority or authorities of whom they are a sub- committee, but
at least two -thirds of the members appointed to any such com-
mittee (other than a sub-committee) shall be members of that
authority or those authorities, as the case may be.
( 4 ) A local authority may appoint a committee, and two or
more local authorities may join in appointing a committee,
to advise the appointing authority or authorities on any matter
relating to the discharge of their functions, and any such
committee-
( a ) may consist of such persons ( whether members of the
appointing authority or authorities or not) appointed
for such term as may be determined by the appointing
authority or authorities ; and
( b) may appoint one or more sub- committees to advise the
committee with respect to any such matter.
(5 ) Every member of a committee appointed under this section
who at the time of his appointment was a member of the appoint-
ing authority or one of the appointing authorities shall, upon
ceasing to be a member of that authority, also cease to be a
member of the committee ; but for the purposes of this section
a member of a local authority shall not be deemed to have
ceased to be a member of the authority by reason of retirement
if he has been re- elected a member thereof not later than the
day of his retirement.
58. The expenses incurred by a joint committee appointed Expenses
under this Part of this Act or any other enactment shall be ofjoint
defrayed by the appointing local authorities in such proportions
committees.
as they may agree or, in case of disagreement, as may be
determined by the Secretary of State.
59.-( 1) Subject to section 126 of this Act, a person who is Disqualifica-
disqualified under Part III of this Act for being elected or being tion for
a member of a local authority shall be disqualified for being membership
a member of a committee ( including a sub- committee) of that andjoint
of committees
authority, or being a representative of that authority on a joint committees.
committee of the authority and another local authority, whether
the committee or joint committee are appointed under this Act
or under any other enactment.
( 2) Section 32 of this Act shall, so far as applicable, apply
with respect to membership of or a claim to be entitled to act as
a member of a committee or sub-committee of a local authority
or of a joint committee appointed by local authorities as it
applies to membership of or claims to be entitled to act as a
member of a local authority.
Part III H3
1954 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART V
Disability
for voting on
account of
interests in
contracts, etc.
Membership
ofbodies to
cease on
ceasing to be
member of
authority .
Standing
orders, etc.
Application
of foregoing
provisions of
Part V to
police authorities
and joint
police
committees.
1967 с. 77.
60. Sections 38 to 42 of this Act shall apply as respects
members of a committee or sub- committee of a local authority
or of any joint committee appointed by two or more local autho-
rities, whether the committee, sub- committee or joint committee
are appointed under this Act or under any other enactment, as
they apply in respect of members of local authorities, subject to
the following modifications-
( a) as respects members of a committee or sub- committee,
references to meetings of the committee or sub-
committee shall be substituted for references to meetings
of the local authority ; and
(b) as respects members of a joint committee, references to
meetings of the joint committee shall be substituted for
references to meetings of the local authority.
61. Where a local authority by virtue of any enactment or
instrument or otherwise appoint a member of the authority
to be a member of any court or body, then, unless otherwise
specifically provided in the enactment or instrument regulating
the constitution of the court or body, the person so appointed
shall cease to be a member of the court or body on ceasing to
be a member of the authority.
62. A local authority appointing a committee, and local
authorities appointing a joint committee, either under this Act
or under any other enactment, may make, vary or revoke
standing orders respecting the quorum, proceedings and place
of meeting of the committee, joint committee or any sub-
committee of any such committee, but, subject to any such
standing orders, the quorum, proceedings and place of meeting
shall be such as the committee, joint committee or sub- committee
may determine.
63.- ( 1) Subsections (2) to (4) below shall have effect for the
purposes of the application of the foregoing provisions of this
Part of this Act to a local authority in relation to their functions
as a police authority.
( 2 ) A police authority may not arrange under section 56( 1 ) of
this Act for the discharge of any of their functions by another
police authority or a district council.
( 3) The following provisions of this Part of this Act shall not
apply to a police authority-
(a ) in section 56, subsections (3), (5) and ( 10) ,
(b) section 57( 1 ) (b) .
( 4 ) Section 62 of this Act shall not apply in a case where a
joint police committee are constituted by or under an amalgama-
tion scheme made under Part I of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1955
(5) Subsections ( 1) and (2) of section 56 of this Act shall apply
PART V
to a joint police committee as they apply to a local authority
except that-
(a ) they may not arrange for the discharge of any of their
functions by another joint police committee or a police
authority or district council, or
(b) if the function relates to part only of the combined area
in respect of which the committee are exercising
functions, they may not arrange for the discharge of
that function by any other person .
Staff
64.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a local authority Appointment,
shall appoint such officers as they think necessary for the proper etc. of staff.
discharge by the authority of their functions and the carrying
out of any obligations incurred by them in connection with an
agreement made by them in pursuance of section 65 of this
Act.
(2) An officer appointed under subsection ( 1 ) above shall
hold office on such reasonable terms and conditions, including
conditions as to remuneration, as the authority appointing him
think fit.
(3) Where an action has been brought against an officer of a
local authority in respect of an act done by him in the execution
or purported execution of any enactment and the circumstances
are such that he is not legally entitled to require the authority
to indemnify him, the authority may nevertheless indemnify him
against the whole or a part of any damages or expenses which
he may have been ordered to pay or may have incurred if they
are satisfied that he honestly believed that the act complained
of was within the scope of his employment and that his duty
under the enactment required or entitled him to do it.
( 4 ) Any enactment, except one mentioned in subsection (5)
below, which requires or empowers local authorities or any
class of local authorities to appoint a specified officer shall, to
the extent that it makes any such provision, cease to have effect.
(5) The following enactments are excepted from subsection (4)
above-
(a ) sections 18 and 19 of the Fire Services Act 1947 (chief 1947 с. 41 .
officers and members of fire brigades) ;
(b) section 6(3) of the Representation of the People Act 1949 c. 68.
1949 ( registration officers) ;
(c) section 86 of the Education ( Scotland) Act 1962 1962 с. 47.
( directors of education) ;
( d ) section 41 of the Weights and Measures Act 1963 1963 с. 31 .
( weights and measures inspectors) ;
(e) section 3 of the Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968 1968 с. 49.
( directors of social work) ;
Part III H4
1956 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTV
1968 с. 49.
1970 с. 40. 1965 с. 49.
1970 с. 39.
1967 с. 77.
Placing of
staff of local
authorities at
disposal of
other local
authorities.
Security to
be taken in
relation to
officers.
Members
oflocal
authorities
not to be
appointed as officers.
( f ) section 36 of the Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968
(reporters) ; and
( g) section 67( 3) ( b) of the Agriculture Act 1970 (agricultural
analysts and deputies) .
( 6 ) Nothing in this section affects the operation of section
7 of the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages ( Scotland )
Act 1965 (registrars ) or the operation of the Local Authorities
( Goods and Services) Act 1970.
( 7 ) Nothing in subsections ( 1) and (2) above affects the
operation of section 9 of the Police ( Scotland ) Act 1967
( employees other than constables) .
65.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to any powers exercisable apart
from this section, a local authority may enter into an agree-
ment with another local authority for the placing at the disposal
of the latter for the purposes of their functions, on such terms
as may be provided by the agreement, of the services of officers
employed by the former, but shall not enter into any such
agreement with respect to any officer without consulting him .
( 2) For superannuation purposes, service rendered by an
officer of a local authority whose services are placed at the
disposal of another local authority in pursuance of this section
is service rendered to the authority by whom he is employed,
but any such officer shall be treated for the purposes of any
enactment relating to the discharge of local authorities' functions
as an officer of that other local authority.
66.- (1) A local authority shall, in the case of an officer
employed by them, whether under this or any other enactment,
who by reason of his office or employment is likely to be
entrusted with the custody or control of money, and may, in
the case of any other officer employed by them, take such
security for his duly accounting for all money or property which
may be entrusted to him, as the local authority consider
sufficient.
( 2 ) A local authority may, in the case of a person not em-
ployed by them but who is likely to be entrusted with the
custody or control of money or property belonging to the local
authority, take such security as they think sufficient for the
personduly accounting for all such money or property.
( 3) A local authority shall defray the cost of any security
taken under this section, and every such security shall be
produced to the auditor at the audit of the accounts of the local
authority.
67. A person shall, so long as he is, and for twelve months
after he ceases to be, a member of a local authority, be dis-
qualified for being appointed by that authority to any paid office,
other than to the office of chairman.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1957
68.- (1) If it comes to the knowledge of an officer employed,
PARTV
whether under this Act or any other enactment, by a local Disclosure by
authority that a contract in which he has any pecuniary interest, officers of
whether direct or indirect ( not being a contract to which he interest in
is himself a party ), has been, or is proposed to be, entered contracts.
into by the authority or any committee thereof, he shall, as
soon as practicable, give notice in writing to the authority of
the fact that he is interested therein.
For the purposes of this section, an officer shall be treated as
having indirectly a pecuniary interest in a contract or proposed
contract if he would have been so treated by virtue of section 39
of this Act had he been a member of the authority.
( 2 ) An officer of a local authority shall not, under colour of
his office or employment, accept any fee or reward whatsoever
other than his proper remuneration.
( 3) Any person who contravenes the provisions of subsection
( 1) or (2) above shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £200.
( 4) References in this section to a local authority shall include
references to a joint committee appointed under section 57 of
this Act or any other enactment.
PART VI
MISCELLANEOUS POWERS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
Subsidiary powers
69.-( 1) Without prejudice to any powers exercisable apart Subsidiary
from this section but subject to the provisions of this Act and powers
any other enactment passed before or after this Act, a local of local
authority shall have power to do any thing ( whether or not
authorities.
involving the expenditure, borrowing or lending of money or
the acquisition or disposal of any property or rights) which is
calculated to facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the
discharge of any of their functions.
( 2) A local authority shall not by virtue of this section raise
money, whether by means of rates or borrowing, or lend money
except in accordance with the enactments relating to those
matters respectively.
(3) Without prejudice to section 53 of the Countryside 1967 c. 86.
( Scotland ) Act 1967 ( contributions by or to local authorities),
two or more local authorities may make arrangements for
defraying any expenditure incurred by one of them in exercising
any functions exercisable by both or all of them.
Land transactions
70.-( 1 ) For the purposes of- Acquisition
ofland by
( a) any of their functions under this or any other enact- agreement.
ment, or
1958 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTVI
( b) the benefit, improvement or development of their area,
a local authority may acquire by agreement any land, whether
situated inside or outside their area.
(2) A local authority may acquire by agreement any land
for any purpose for which they are authorised by this or any
other enactment to acquire land, notwithstanding that the land
is not immediately required for that purpose; and, until it is
required for the purpose for which it was acquired, any land
acquired under this subsection may be used for the purpose of
any of the authority's functions .
( 3) For the purpose of the purchase of land by agreement by
a local authority, the Lands Clauses Acts (except so much
thereof as relates to the acquisition of land otherwise than by
agreement, and the provisions relating to access to the special
1845 с. 19.
Act, and except sections 120 to 125 of the Lands Clauses Con-
solidation (Scotland ) Act 1845), and section 6 and sections 70
1845 с. 33.
to 78 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland) Act
1845 (as originally enacted and not as amended by section 15
1923 с. 20.
of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1923) are
hereby incorporated with this section, and, in construing those
Acts for the purposes of this section, this section shall be deemed
to be the special Act and the local authority shall be deemed
to be the promoters of the undertaking or company, as the case
may require.
( 4 ) Where two or more local authorities acting together would
have power to acquire any land by agreement by virtue of this
section, nothing in any enactment shall prevent one of those
authorities from so acquiring the land on behalf of both or
all of them in accordance with arrangements made between
them, including arrangements as to the subsequent occupation
and use of the land.
(5) References in the foregoing provisions of this section to
acquisition are references to acquisition by purchase, feu, lease
or excambion.
Acquisition
71.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, for the purposes of
ofland
any of their functions under this or any other enactment, a local
compulsorily . authority may be authorised by the Minister concerned with
the function in question to purchase compulsorily any land,
whether situated inside or outside their area.
( 2) A local authority may not be authorised under subsection
( 1) above to purchase land compulsorily for any purpose in
relation to which their power of acquisition is by any enactment
expressly limited to acquisition by agreement.
(3) Where one or more local authorities propose, in exercise
of the power conferred by subsection ( 1) above, to acquire any
land for more than one purpose, the Minister or Ministers whose
authorisation is required for the exercise of that power shall
.....
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1959
not be concerned to make any apportionment between those
PART VI
purposes nor, where there is more than one local authority,
between those authorities, and-
( a ) the purposes shall be treated as a single purpose and
the compulsory acquisition shall be treated as requiring
the authorisation of the Minister, or the joint authorisa-
tion of the Ministers, concerned with those purposes ;
and
( b) where there is more than one local authority concerned,
the authorities may nominate one of them to acquire
the land on behalf of them all and the authority so
nominated shall accordingly be treated as the acquiring
authority for the purposes of any enactment relating
to the acquisition.
( 4) The Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scot- 1947 c. 42.
land ) Act 1947 shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase
of land in pursuance of subsection ( 1) above as if that sub-
section were contained in an Act in force immediately before the
commencement of that Act.
72. The title to all land acquired by a local authority shall be Title to land.
taken in the corporate name of the authority.
73.- (1 ) Subject to Part II of the Town and Country Planning Appropriation
( Scotland ) Act 1959 and to the following provisions of this of land.
section, a local authority may appropriate for the purpose of any 1959 c. 70.
function, whether statutory or otherwise, land vested in them
for the purpose of any other such function.
( 2 ) A local authority may not exercise their power of appro-
priation under subsection (1) above with respect to any land
specified in subsection ( 3)( a) below except with the consent of
the Minister concerned with the function for which the land is
held immediately before the appropriation, or with respect to any
land specified in subsection (3)(b) below except with the consent
of the Secretary of State.
( 3) The land to which subsection (2) above applies is-
( a ) land which was acquired not more than ten years before
the date of the proposed appropriation in the exercise
of compulsory powers by a local authority (including,
in respect of an acquisition before 16th May 1975, any
existing local authority) and which has not subsequently
been appropriated by that or any other local authority
for any purpose other than that for which it was
acquired; and
( b) land which consists or forms part of a common or open
space, or is held for use as allotments.
74 .-(1) Subject to Part II of the Town and Country Planning Disposal of
( Scotland) Act 1959 and to subsection ( 2 ) below, a local authority land.
may dispose of land held by them in any manner they wish. 1959 с. 70.
1960 c .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VI
( 2) Except with the consent of the Secretary of State, a local
authority shall not dispose of land under subsection (1 ) above
for a consideration less than the best that can reasonably be
obtained.
Disposal, etc. ,
ofland
forming
partofthe
common
good.
75.- (1 ) The provisions of this Part of this Act with respect
to the appropriation or disposal of land belonging to a local
authority shall apply in the case of land forming part of the
common good of an authority with respect to which land no
question arises as to the right of the authority to alienate.
( 2) Where a local authority desire to dispose of land forming
part of the common good with respect to which land a question
arises as to the right of the authority to alienate, they may apply
to the Court of Session or the sheriff to authorise them to
dispose of the land, and the Court or sheriff may, if they think
fit, authorise the authority to dispose of the land subject to
such conditions, if any, as they may impose, and the authority
shall be entitled to dispose of the land accordingly.
( 3) The Court of Session or sheriff acting under subsection (2)
above may impose a condition requiring that the local authority
shall provide in substitution for the land proposed to be disposed
of other land to be used for the same purpose for which the
former land was used.
Special
provisions
as to land
acquired
for public
recreation
from heir
ofentail.
76. Where an heir of entail in possession of land disposes of
land to a local authority for the purpose of public recreation
under the provisions of this Act or any other enactment ( not
being land within a quarter of a mile of the mansion house in
the natural possession of the heir of entail or part of any garden,
orchard or enclosure adjacent to the mansion house which has
usually been in the natural possession of the proprietor) and such
land does not exceed in all twenty acres, and where the persons
in right of heritable securities or other charges affecting such
land refuse to consent to such disposal, such lands shall be dis-
burdened of the said heritable securities and charges if the
sheriff, upon the application of the heir of entail in possession
duly intimated to the said persons who shall be entitled to appear
and object, finds that the lands comprised in the heritable
securities or charges other than the land being acquired by the
local authority afford adequate security.
Payment of
77. Any purchase money or compensation payable in
purchase or
pursuance of this Part of this Act by a local authority in respect
compensation of land acquired from another local authority which would but
moneyby
one local
for this section be required to be paid into court in manner
authority
provided by the Lands Clauses Acts may, if the Minister con-
to another.
cerned with the purpose for which the land was held by the
last mentioned authority consents, instead of being paid into
court, be paid and applied as that Minister may determine, and
the decision of that Minister shall be final.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1961
Buildings, contracts, etc. PART VI
78.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below and section 94 of Power
this Act, a local authority may, for the purpose of any of their to erect
functions or for the benefit or improvement of their area, erect buildings, etc.
buildings or execute any other works on any land belonging to
them or, where they are satisfied that the terms of the lease of
land are such as to make it prudent for them to do so, on land
leased by them, or convert, alter, enlarge or improve any
existing building or other works belonging to them or, where
they consider it prudent, any existing building or other works
let to them.
(2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not of itself authorise a local
authority to do anything contrary to the conditions contained in
the title to or lease of any such land or building or other works
or authorise land held for one purpose to be used for another
purpose.
79. A local authority may acquire or provide and furnish and Provision of
maintain halls, offices and other buildings, whether within or offices, etc.
without the area of the authority, to be used for the purpose
of transacting the business of the authority or the business of
any other body for which the authority are required or autho-
rised by or under any enactment to provide accommodation, or
for the purpose of public meetings or assemblies.
80. For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part Interpretation
of this Act, the functions of a local authority shall be deemed of
to include the provision of accommodation for any committee,
" functions ".
court or other body which the authority are required or autho-
rised to provide, notwithstanding that the committee, court or
body may exercise functions not vested in the authority.
81.-( 1 ) A local authority may make standing orders with Contracts
respect to the making of contracts by them or on their behalf. of local
authorities.
( 2) A local authority shall make standing orders with respect
to the making by them or on their behalf of contracts for the
supply of goods or materials or for the execution of works.
(3) Standing orders made by a local authority with respect
to contracts for the supply of goods or materials or for the
execution of works shall include provision for securing com-
petition for such contracts and for regulating the manner in
which tenders are invited, but may exempt from any such
provision contracts for a price below that specified in standing
orders and may authorise the authority to exempt any contract
from any such provision when the authority are satisfied that
the exemption is justified by special circumstances.
( 4 ) A person entering into a contract with a local authority
shall not be bound to inquire whether the standing orders of the
1962 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VI
authority which apply to the contract have been complied with ,
and non- compliance with such orders shall not invalidate any
contract entered into by or on behalf of the authority.
66
( 5 ) In this section the expression contracts " includes, in
relation to the execution of works, arrangements for the execu-
tion of those works by persons employed by the local authority.
Private legislation
Power of local
82.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where a local
authority to
authority are satisfied that it is expedient to promote or oppose
promote or
oppose private any private legislation in Parliament, the local authority may,
legislation.
in accordance with the procedure provided by this section, pro-
mote or oppose the same accordingly and may defray the
expenses incurred in relation thereto.
(2) A resolution of a local authority to promote or oppose
private legislation under subsection ( 1) above shall be-
(a ) passed by a majority of the whole number of the
members of the authority at a meeting of the authority
held after ten clear days' notice of the meeting and
of its purpose has been given by advertisement in one
or more newspapers circulating in the area of the
authority, such notice being given in addition to the
ordinary notice required to be given for the convening
of a meeting of the authority ; and
(b ) in the case of the promotion of private legislation, con-
firmed by a like majority at a further such meeting con-
vened in accordance with paragraph (a ) above and
held as soon as may be after the expiration of fourteen
days after the draft of the provisional order has been
submitted to the Secretary of State in accordance with
the provisions of the Act of 1936 and, if the resolution
is not confirmed, the local authority shall take all
necessary steps to withdraw the same.
(3) Where under section 2 of the Act of 1936, the Chairman
of Committees of the House of Lords and the Chairman of Ways
and Means in the House of Commons are of opinion that pro-
visions contained in a draft provisional order ought to be dealt
with by private Bill and not by provisional order, the deter-
mination of the Chairmen shall forthwith be reported to the
local authority concerned, and unless the authority resolve to
proceed with the promotion of a private Bill dealing with the
matters to which the said provisions relate or any of them, such
a private Bill shall not be promoted, but if such a private Bill
is to be promoted, the proceedings of the authority with respect
to the promotion of a provisional order under this section shall
be deemed to apply to the promotion of such a Bill.
( 4 ) In ascertaining for the purpose of this section the whole
number of members of a local authority, no account shall be
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
1963
taken of any vacancy which may at the time exist in the member- PART VI
ship of the authority.
( 5) No payment shall be made by a local authority to a
member of the authority for acting as counsel or agent in
promoting or opposing private legislation under this section .
( 6) Nothing in this section shall affect the right of any local
authority connected with the locality to which any draft pro-
visional order referred to Commissioners under the Act of 1936
relates to make a report to the Commissioners respecting the
provisions of the draft order.
( 7) In this section-
" Act of 1936 " means the Private Legislation Procedure 1936 c. 52.
( Scotland ) Act 1936 ;
66 provisional order " means a provisional order under the
Act of 1936 ;
" private legislation in Parliament " and " private legisla-
tion " include a provisional order and the confirmation
Bill relating thereto under the Act of 1936, and also
any local or personal Bill.
Miscellaneous
83.-( 1 ) A local authority may, subject to the provisions of Power
this section, incur expenditure which in their opinion is in the of local
authorities
interests of their area or any part of it or all or some of its to incur
inhabitants, but a local authority shall not, by virtue of this expenditure
subsection, incur any expenditure for a purpose for which they for certain
are, either unconditionally or subject to any limitation or to purposes not
otherwise
the satisfaction of any condition, authorised or required to authorised.
make any payment by or by virtue of any other enactment.
( 2) It is hereby declared that the power of a local authority to
incur expenditure under subsection ( 1) above includes power to
do so by contributing towards the defraying of expenditure by
another local authority in or in connection with the exercise of
that other authority's functions.
(3) A local authority may, subject as aforesaid, incur expendi-
ture on contributions to any of the following funds, that is to
say-
( a) the funds of any charitable body in furtherance of its
work in the United Kingdom ; or
( b) the funds of any body which provides any public service
in the United Kingdom otherwise than for the pur-
poses of gain ; or
(c) any fund which is raised in connection with a particular
event directly affecting persons resident in the United
Kingdom on behalf of whom a public appeal for con-
tributions has been made by a chairman of a regional,
1964 с.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VI
Powers
oflocal
authorities
with respect to
emergencies
ordisasters.
islands or district council, a chairman of a community
council, a lord- lieutenant or by a body of which any
of these persons is a member.
( 4 ) The expenditure of a local authority under this section in
any financial year shall not exceed the product of a rate of
2p in the pound for their area for that year or, if some other
amount, whether higher or lower, is fixed by an order made
by the Secretary of State, shall not exceed the product of a rate
of that amount in the pound for their area for that year.
( 5) A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-
section (4) above may apply to all local authorities or may make
different provision in relation to local authorities of different
descriptions.
( 6 ) Any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
84.-( 1 ) Where an emergency or disaster involving destruc-
tion of or danger to life or property occurs or is imminent
or there is reasonable ground for apprehending such an
emergency or disaster, and a local authority are of opinion that
it is likely to affect the whole or part of their area or all or some
of its inhabitants, the authority may-
( a ) incur such expenditure as they consider necessary in
taking action themselves (either alone or jointly with
any other person or body and either in their area or
elsewhere in or outside the United Kingdom ) which is
calculated to avert, alleviate or eradicate in their area
or among its inhabitants the effects or potential effects
of the event ; and
( b) make grants or loans to other persons or bodies on
conditions determined by the authority in respect of
any such action taken by those persons or bodies.
(2) Where a local authority take any such action as afore-
said which will involve their incurring expenditure or make
any such grant or loan, they shall as soon as practicable notify
the Secretary of State of the action they have taken or of any
grant or loan they have made, and the Secretary of State may
direct them to cease taking that action or to take it only to such
extent as he may specify in the direction or not to make any
further grant or loan or to make one not exceeding such amount
as he may specify.
(3) The power conferred by subsection ( 1 ) above shall be in
addition to, and not in derogation of, any power conferred on
a local authority by or under any other enactment, including
any enactment contained in this Act.
( 4 ) In this section, " local authority " includes an existing
local authority.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
1965
85. A local authority may accept, hold and administer- PART VI
( a) for the purpose of discharging any of their functions, Acceptance
gifts of property, whether heritable or moveable, made of gifts of property.
for that purpose ; or
( b ) for the benefit of the inhabitants of their area or of
some part of it, gifts made for that purpose ;
and may execute any work (including works of maintenance or
improvement) incidental to or consequential on the exercise of
the powers conferred by this section.
86.- (1) A local authority may enter into a contract with Insurance
any person whereby, in consideration of payments by the by local
authority by way of premium or otherwise, that person under - authorities against
takes to pay to the authority such sums as may be provided accidents to
in the contract in the event of any member of the authority members.
meeting with a personal accident, whether fatal or not, while
he is engaged on the business of the authority.
( 2) Any sum received by the authority under any such con-
tract shall, after deduction of any expenses incurred in the
recovery thereof, be paid by them to, or to the personal represen-
tatives of, the member concerned.
( 3) The provisions of the Life Assurance Act 1774 shall not 1774 c. 48.
apply to any such contract, but any such contract shall be
deemed for the purposes of the Insurance Companies Act 1958 1958 c. 72.
to be a policy of insurance upon the happening of personal
accidents.
( 4 ) In this section, the expression " member of the authority "
includes a member of a committee or sub- committee of the
authority who is not a member of that authority.
87.-(1 ) A council may conduct, or assist in the conducting Research and
of , investigations into, and the collection of information relating the collection
to, any matters concerning their area or any part thereof and of
information.
may make, or assist in the making of arrangements whereby
any such information and the results of any such investigation
are made available to any other local authority in the area,
any government department or the public.
(2 ) The appropriate Minister with respect to any matter may
require a council to provide him with any information with
respect to that matter which is in the possession of, or available
to, that council or any other local authority in the area of the
council in consequence of the exercise of any power conferred
by or under any enactment ; and where such requirement is
made in respect of any information which is in the possession
of, or available to, any other local authority in the area, but
not the council, the council may require that other authority
to furnish them with that information.
1966 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART VI
( 3) In this section " council " means a regional or islands
council.
Provision of
88.-( 1 ) A local authority may make, or assist in the making
information,
of, arrangements whereby the public may on application readily
etc., relating
obtain, either at premises specially maintained for the purpose
to matters affecting local
or otherwise, information concerning the services available
government.
within the area of the authority provided either by the authority
or by other authorities or by government departments, or by
charities and other voluntary organisations, and other informa-
tion as to local government matters affecting the area.
(2) A local authority may-
( a ) arrange for the publication within their area of inforna-
tion on matters relating to local government ; and
( b) arrange for the delivery of lectures and addresses and
the holding of discussions on such matters ; and
( c ) arrange for the display of pictures, cinematograph films
or models or the holding of exhibitions relating to such
matters ; and
( d ) prepare, or join in or contribute to the cost of the
preparation of, pictures, films, models or exhibitions
to be displayed or held as aforesaid.
Subscriptions
89. A local authority may pay reasonable subscriptions,
to local
whether annually or otherwise, to the funds-
government associations.
( a) of any association of local authorities formed ( whether
inside or outside the United Kingdom) for the purpose
of consultation as to the common interests of those
authorities and the discussion of matters relating to
local government, or
( b) of any association of officers or members of local autho-
rities which was so formed.
Power to
encourage
visitors and
provide
conference
and other
facilities.
90.-( 1 ) A local authority may (either alone or jointly with
any other person or body) -
( a) encourage persons, by advertisement or otherwise, to
visit their area for recreation, for health purposes or
to hold conferences, trade fairs and exhibitions in their
area ; and
(b) provide, or encourage any other person or body to
provide, facilities for recreation, conferences, trade fairs
and exhibitions or improve, or encourage any other
person or body to improve, any existing facilities for
those purposes.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, a local authority
may contribute to any organisation approved by the Secretary of
State for the purposes of this subsection and established for
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
the purpose of encouraging persons to visit the United Kingdom or any part thereof.
PART VI
91.-( 1 ) A local authority may do, or arrange for the doing Social,
of, or contribute towards the expenses of the doing of, anything cultural and
( whether inside or outside their area) necessary or expedient for recreative
activities.
the purpose of the provision of adequate facilities for social,
cultural and recreative activities, and in particular, but without
prejudice to that generality, for any of the following purposes,
that is to say-
( a) the provision of an entertainment of any nature or of
facilities for dancing ;
( b) the development and improvement of the knowledge,
understanding and practice of the arts and crafts ;
(c ) the provision of a theatre, cultural centre, arts centre ,
concert hall, dance hall, community centre or other
premises suitable for social, cultural or recreative
activities ;
( d ) the maintenance of a band, orchestra or theatrical com-
pany or any other body for the promotion of all or
any of the activities aforesaid ;
( e) any purpose incidental to the matters aforesaid, includ-
ing the provision of refreshments or programmes and
the advertising of any such activities.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of
subsection ( 1 ) above, a local authority-
( a) may for the purposes therein specified enclose or set
apart any part of a park or pleasure ground belonging
to the authority or under their control ;
( b) may permit any premises provided by them for the
purposes of subsection (1 ) above and any part of a
park or pleasure ground enclosed or set apart as afore-
said, to be used by any other person, on such terms as
to payment or otherwise as the authority think fit, and
may authorise that other person to make charges for
admission thereto ;
( c ) may themselves make charges for admission to or
participation in any entertainment given or social,
cultural or recreative activity promoted by them and
for any refreshment or programme supplied at or in
connection with any such entertainment or activity.
(3) Regional councils shall have a duty, in consultation with
district councils within their region, to ensure that there is an
adequate provision of facilities for the inhabitants of their region
for social, cultural and recreative activities.
( 4 ) Subsection (2) above shall not authorise any authority to
contravene any covenant or condition subject to which a gift or
1967
1968 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VI
1959 с. 51 .
Transfer of
securities on
alteration of
area, etc.
lease of a public park or pleasure ground has been accepted or
made without the consent of the donor, grantor, lessor or other
person entitled in law to the benefit of the covenant or condition.
( 5 ) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of any
enactment by virtue of which a licence is required for the public
performance of a stage play or the public exhibition of cinemato-
graph films, or for boxing or wrestling entertainments or for
public music or dancing, or for the sale of exciseable liquor .
(6) No certificate shall be granted under the Licensing (Scot-
land ) Acts 1959 to 1969 for the sale of exciseable liquor in any
premises provided under this section in Scotland, but nothing in
this subsection shall render it unlawful to grant under section 60
of the Licensing ( Scotland ) Act 1959 a special permission for an
entertainment on any such premises.
92.-( 1 ) Where any securities are standing in the books of a
company in the name of a local authority the following provisions
shall have effect-
( a ) if the name of the authority is changed, then at the
request of the authority and on production of a statu-
tory declaration by the proper officer of the authority
specifying the securities and verifying the change of
name and identity of the authority, the company
shall enter the securities in the new name of the local
authority in like manner as if the securities had been
transferred to the authority under that name ;
(b) if by virtue of anything done under any provision of this
Act or any enactment similar to any such provision
( whenever passed), any other local authority have become
entitled to the securities or any dividends or interest
thereon, as the case may be, a certificate of the proper
officer of the council of that other authority or the
scheme, order or award under which that other autho-
rity have become so entitled, shall be a sufficient
authority to the company to transfer the securities into
the name of the local authority specified in that behalf
in the certificate, or in the scheme, order or award, as
the case may be, and to pay the dividends or interest to
that authority ;
( c ) if in any other case any other local authority have become
entitled to the securities or any dividends or interest
thereon, as the case may be, the Court of Session may
on the petition of that other authority make an order
vesting in that other authority the right to transfer the
securities or to receive the dividends or interest, as the
case maybe.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1969
( 2) In this section, the expression-
PARTVI
" company " includes the Bank of England and any com-
pany or person keeping books in which any securities
are registered or inscribed ;
" securities " has the same meaning as in the Prevention of 1958 c. 45.
Fraud (Investments ) Act 1958.
PART VII
FINANCE
Funds, revenue and expenses
93.-( 1 ) Every local authority shall have a general fund and, General fund.
subject to subsection (2) below-
( a ) all sums received by or on behalf of the authority shall
be paid into that fund ;
( b) all fees , commissions, discounts allowed on payment of
accounts and expenses payable to or recovered by any
officer of a local authority in respect of any business
relating to the authority whether by reason of his office
or otherwise shall be accounted for and paid into that
fund ;
and all sums payable by the authority shall be paid out of that
fund.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to sums received or
payable-
( a) which relate to funds or property held by a local
authority as trustees for any purpose under any deed
of trust or other instrument ;
(b) which, in the case of an islands or district council, relate
to the common good of the islands area or district,
as the case may be ;
( c ) with respect to which it is otherwise provided in any
other provision of this Act or in any other enactment.
94.- (1) It shall not be lawful for a local authority to incur Capital
any liability to meet capital expenses except with the consent expenses.
of the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State may, if he
thinks fit, give his consent for the purposes of this section-
( a ) subject to such conditions as may be specified in the
consent ;
( b) in relation to such project , or to such programme of
works, or to such class of works, or to such amount,
as may be so specified ;
1970 PART VII
Financial
administra-
tion .
Accounts
and audit.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
( c) in relation to expenses to be met by the authority with-
in such financial year as may be so specified.
( 2 ) In this section " capital expenses " means any expenses
which are to be charged to a capital or borrowing account,
or which, being of a capital nature, are to be met otherwise
than out of current revenue.
95. Without prejudice to section 69 of this Act, every local
authority shall make arrangements for the proper administration
of their financial affairs and shall secure that the proper officer
of the authority has responsibility for the administration of those
affairs.
Accounts and audit
96.-( 1 ) Every local authority shall keep accounts of all trans-
actions relating to all funds of the authority and, subject to any
provision contained in regulations made under section 105 of this
Act, the accounts of the general fund of a local authority shall
comprise such current, capital and borrowing accounts as may
be necessary for the purpose of distinguishing transactions for
different purposes.
( 2 ) All accounts of a local authority shall be made up in
respect of each financial year.
( 3) Every local authority shall, in addition to preparing
accounts in respect of any financial year, prepare in duplicate
an abstract of the accounts for that year .
( 4 ) The accounts of every local authority in respect of any
financial year shall be audited by a professional accountant ,
who is either an officer of the Commission for Local Authority
Accounts or is an approved auditor appointed by the Com-
mission in accordance with the provisions of this Part of
thisAct.
( 5 ) The financial year of a local authority shall be the
period of twelve months beginning with 16th May, so however
that-
( a ) the Secretary of State may direct, either in relation to
local authorities generally or in relation to a particular
local authority, that their financial year shall be such
period as the Secretary of State may specify ; and
( b) for the purposes of subsections ( 2) to ( 4) above, the first
financial year of any local authority shall be the period
beginning with the date on which the authority comes
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
1971
into existence in accordance with the provisions of PARTVII
this Act and ending with 15th May 1976 ;
and references in this Act and in any other enactment (whether
passed or made before or after the passing of this Act ) to the
financial year of a local authority shall be construed in accord-
ance with the provisions of this subsection.
97.-( 1 ) There shall be established a body, to be known as the Establishment
Commission for Local Authority Accounts in Scotland ( here- of Commis-
after in this Part of this Act referred to as " the Commission "), Authority
sion for Local
which shall consist of such number of members, not being more Accounts in
than twelve or less than nine, as the Secretary of State may Scotland.
determine, and the members shall be appointed by the Secretary
of State after consultation with such associations of local
authorities as appear to him to be concerned and with such other
organisations or persons as he may think appropriate.
(2) The Commission shall have the following functions, that
is to say-
( a) securing the audit of all accounts of local authorities
in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this
Act ;
(b) considering all reports made in accordance with the
said provisions and investigating all matters raised
by any such report ;
(c ) making recommendations to the Secretary of State and
to local authorities in accordance with the said
provisions ; and
(d ) advising the Secretary of State on any matter relating
to the accounting of local authorities which he may
refer to them for advice.
(3) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with the
Commission, with such associations of local authorities as appear
to him to be concerned and with such other organisations or
persons as he may think appropriate, give to the Commission
directions of a general character as to the discharge of their
functions, and the Commission shall give effect to any direction
so given.
(4) There shall be a Controller of Audit who shall be appointed
by the Commission after consultation with, and subject to
the approval of, the Secretary of State, and the Commission may
appoint such other officers, and may appoint such agents, as
they may determine.
(5) The provisions of Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect
in relation to the Commission.
1972 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VII
Expenses and
accounts of
Commission.
( 6 ) In this Part of this Act " auditor" includes the Controller
of Audit, officers of the Commission, being professional accoun-
tants, and approved auditors appointed by the Commission
for the purpose of conducting audits or, as the case may be,
a particular audit, under this Part of this Act, and " approved
auditor " means an auditor who is qualified under subsection (7)
below.
( 7) An auditor is qualified for the purposes of subsection (6)
above if, and only if, he is a member, or a firm all the members of
which are members, of one or more of the following bodies-
that is to say-
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales.
The Association of Certified Accountants.
The Institute of Municipal Treasurers and Accountants.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.
Any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom for the time being approved by the Secretary
of State.
98. (1 ) The Commission shall have power to incur such
expenses as appear to them to be necessary or expedient for the
proper discharge of their functions, and-
(a) the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, pay to the Commission grants of such
amounts, at such times and subject to such conditions
as he may determine in respect of expenses incurred
by the Commission as aforesaid ;
( b) such part of the expenses of the Commission as is not
met by grants under paragraph (a ) above shall be
met by local authorities in accordance with regulations
made by the Secretary of State after consultation with
such associations of local authorities as appear to him
to be concerned.
( 2 ) A statutory instrument containing regulations made by
the Secretary of State under paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 1)
above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
( 3) The Commission shall keep proper accounts and other
records in relation to their accounts and shall prepare in respect
of each financial year a statement of account in such form as
the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury,
direct .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1973
( 4 ) The statement of account prepared by the Commission
PART VII
in respect of each financial year shall be submitted to the Secre-
tary of State before such date as he may, with the approval of
the Treasury, direct.
( 5) The Secretary of State shall, on or before 30th November
in each year, transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General
the statement of account prepared by the Commission for the
financial year last ended.
( 6 ) The Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and
certify the statement of account transmitted to him under sub-
section (5) above and shall lay before Parliament copies of that
statement together with his report thereon.
99. In auditing the accounts of any local authority under General
this Part of this Act, an auditor shall, by examination of the duties of
accounts and otherwise, satisfy himself that-
auditors.
( a ) the accounts have been prepared in accordance with
regulations made under section 105 of this Act and
comply with the requirements of all other enactments
and instruments applicable to the accounts ;
( b) proper accounting practices have been observed in the
preparation of the accounts .
100.-( 1 ) An auditor shall have a right of access at all reason- Auditor's
able times to all such documents relating to the accounts of a right of
local authority as it appears to him to be necessary to examine access to
documents.
for the purpose of auditing those accounts under this Part of
this Act and shall be entitled to require from any officer of that
authority or any other person holding or accountable for any
such document such information and explanation as he thinks
necessary for the said purpose and, if he thinks it necessary for
providing any such information or explanation, to require any
such officer or other person to attend before him in person and
produce any such documents.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, every local
authority shall provide an auditor with every facility and all
information which he may reasonably require for the purpose
of auditing their accounts.
(3) If any person wilfully or negligently fails to comply with
any requirement of an auditor under subsection ( 1) above, he
shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 and to an additional
fine not exceeding £20 for each day on which the offence con-
tinues after conviction thereof.
1974 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VII
Right of
interested
person to
inspect and
object to
accounts :
completion
ofaudit.
101.-( 1 ) Any person interested may inspect a copy of the
abstract of the accounts of a local authority prepared by the
authority under section 96( 3) of this Act and may take copies
or extracts from it without charge.
( 2) Any person interested may object to the accounts of a
local authority or to any part of those accounts by-
( a ) sending his objection in writing, together with a state-
ment of the grounds thereof , to the auditor, and
( b) sending a copy of that objection and statement to the
authority and to any officer of the authority who may
be concerned.
(3) Where any person objects under subsection (2) above to
the accounts of a local authority, the auditor shall, if so
requested by that person or authority or by any officer of the
authority who may be concerned, afford to that person or
authority or officer, as the case may be, an opportunity of
appearing before and being heard by the auditor with respect to
that objection ; and any such person or officer may so appear
and be heard either personally or by a representative.
( 4) Within fourteen days of the completion of the audit of the
accounts of a local authority the auditor shall place on each
duplicate abstract of those accounts prepared by the authority
under section 96(3) of this Act a certificate, in such form as the
Commission may direct, to the effect that he has audited the
accounts in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this
Act ; and the auditor shall, on so certifying, forthwith send one
duplicate abstract of the accounts to the Commission and the
other duplicate abstract to the local authority.
Reports to
Commission
byController
of Audit.
102.- (1) The Controller of Audit shall make to the Com-
mission such reports as they may require with respect to the
accounts of local authorities audited under this Part of this
Act and shall send a copy of any report so made to any local
authority which is named in that report.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, the Controller
of Audit may make a report to the Commission on any matters
arising out of or in connection with the accounts of a local
authority in order that those matters may be considered by the
local authority concerned or brought to the attention of the
public, and shall send a copy of any report so made to any
local authority which is named in that report.
Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
1975
(3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1 ) above, if the Controller
of Audit, having considered the audit under this Part of this
Act of the accounts of any local authority and having made such
further inquiries (if any) as he may think fit-
(a ) is of the opinion-
(i) that any item of account is contrary to law, or
(ii) that there has been a failure on the part of
any person to bring into account any sum which
ought to have been brought into account, or
(iii ) that any loss has been incurred or deficiency
caused by the negligence or misconduct of any person
or by the failure of the authority to carry out any
duty imposed on them by any enactment ; or
( b) is of the opinion that any sum which ought to have been
credited or debited to one account of the authority
has been credited or, as the case may be, debited to
another account of the authority ; and
( c ) is not satisfied that the authority has taken or is taking
such steps as may be necessary to remedy the matter ;
he shall make to the Commission a special report with respect
to the said accounts, setting forth his opinion as aforesaid and
the grounds thereof.
( 4) The Controller of Audit shall, on making a special
report under subsection (3) above with respect to the accounts
of any local authority, forthwith send a copy of that special
report-
( a ) to that authority ;
( b) to any officer of the authority who may be concerned ;
(c ) if the matter raised by the special report has been
made the subject of objection under section 101 of
this Act, to the person making that objection ;
(d ) to any other person who in his opinion may be affected
thereby .
PART VII
103.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, the Commission Action by
shall consider any report made to them by the Controller of Commission
on reports by
Audit and may, if they think fit , hold a hearing into any matter Controller of
raised by that report ; and the Commission may thereafter makeAudit.
to the Secretary of State or to any local authority such recom-
mendation as appears to the Commission to be appropriate in
the light of the report.
( 2) Where a special report is made to them under section
102(3) of this Act with respect to the accounts of any local
authority, the Commission-
1976 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTVII ( a) shall consider that special report and any observations
on it made in writing by the authority or by any
person to whom a copy of it was sent under section
102( 4) of this Act, being observations made within
fourteen days of the date on which such copy was
sent as aforesaid to the authority or, as the case may
be, that person or such longer period as the Com-
mission may in any particular case allow ;
( b) may if they think fit , and shall if so requested by the
authority or by any person to whom a copy of the
special report was sent as aforesaid, hold a hearing
into any matter raised by the special report ; and
( c ) may if they think fit , and shall if so directed by the
Court of Session, state a case on any question of law
arising on the special report for the opinion of the
Court of Session.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, if after consideration of
the matters referred to in subsection ( 2 ) above the Commission
find that any item of expenditure is contrary to law, or that
there has been a failure to bring into account any sum which
ought to have been brought into account, or that any loss or
deficiency has been incurred or caused as mentioned in section
102(3) (a) of this Act, or that a local authority have not taken
steps to remedy such a matter as is referred to in section 102(3) (b)
of this Act, the Commission shall send the special report together
with their findings to the Secretary of State and may recommend
him to make an order-
(a) requiring any person whom they find responsible for
incurring or authorising that expenditure, or for that
failure, or for that loss or deficiency, as the case may
be, to pay to the local authority concerned an amount
not exceeding the amount of the said expenditure, or
of the said sum, or of the said loss or deficiency ; or,
as the case may be,
( b) directing the authority to make such rectification of
their accounts as appears to the Commission to be
necessary.
( 4 ) The Commission shall not recommend that any officer or
member of a local authority be ordered to pay any amount to
the authority by reason only of his having signed a cheque or
order in respect of any payment, if he satisfies the Commission-
( a ) in the case of an officer of the authority, that before
signing the cheque or order he advised the authority
in writing that in his opinion the payment was con-
trary to law ; or
( b) in the case of a member of the authority, that the
payment was made in pursuance of an order of the
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1977
authority or of an authorised committee thereof and that before he signed the cheque or order the authority
had not been advised by any officer of the authority
that in the opinion of that officer the payment was
contrary to law.
( 5) The Commission shall, on making a recommendation under
subsection (3) above in relation to a special report made to them
with respect to the accounts of any local authority, forthwith
send a copy of that recommendation to the authority and to any
person to whom a copy of the special report was sent under
section 102(4) of this Act.
( 6 ) At any hearing held by them under this section the Com-
mission-
( a) shall afford an opportunity of appearing before and
being heard by the Commission to the representative of
any local authority which is likely to be affected by
any recommendation of the Commission and to, or to
the representative of, any other person who is likely to
be so affected ;
( b) may require the attendance of members or officers of
any local authority to give oral evidence to the
Commission.
( 7 ) If any person wilfully or negligently fails to comply with
any requirement of the Commission under paragraph (b) of
subsection (6) above, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall
be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.
PARTVII
104.-( 1 ) Where recommendations are made to the Secretary Action by
of State under section 103(3) of this Act the Secretary of State Secretary of
may make an order giving effect to any recommendation, with State on
recommenda-
or without modifications, or may decline to make such an order. tion by
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall not make an order under Commission
under
subsection ( 1 ) above requiring a person to pay an amount to a
s. 103(3).
local authority if the Secretary of State is satisfied that that
person acted reasonably or in the belief that his action was
authorised by law, and the Secretary of State shall, in deciding
whether or not to make such an order as aforesaid and, if he
decides to make it, what amount to specify therein, have regard
to all the circumstances of the case, including such information
as may be available to him as to the means of any person
concerned and his ability to pay any amount to the local
authority .
( 3) Where by virtue of an order made under subsection ( 1 )
above two or more persons are required to pay an amount to a
local authority, those persons shall, if the order so specifies, be
liable jointly and severally to pay that amount to the authority.
1978 PART VII Regulations as
to accounts.
c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
( 4) The Secretary of State shall, on making an order under
subsection ( 1 ) above requiring a person to pay an amount to a
local authority, forthwith cause a copy of that order to be sent-
(a ) to that person ;
(b) to the Commission ; and
( c ) to that authority.
(5) Any amount which, by virtue of an order made under
subsection ( 1 ) above, is due to be paid by any person to a local
authority shall be paid by that person to the authority within
fourteen days of the date on which a copy of that order was
sent to him under subsection ( 4) above ; and, if that amount is
not so paid, it shall be the duty of the Commission to recover
the amount on behalf of the authority and if need be to institute
proceedings for that purpose; and the authority shall reimburse
the Commission for any expenses incurred by the Commission
so far as not recovered from the person liable to pay the amount .
( 6 ) A local authority shall give effect to any direction given
to them in an order under subsection ( 1) above.
105.-( 1) The Secretary of State may by regulations under
this section make such provision as appears to him to be
necessary or expedient for the purpose of rendering sections
96 to 104 of this Act of full effect and, without prejudice to
the foregoing generality, such regulations may contain pro-
visions with respect to the following matters, that is to say-
( a) the form, preparation, keeping and authentication of
the accounts of local authorities and of any abstract
of such accounts ;
( b) the date in each year before which such accounts and
abstract are to be authenticated on behalf of a local
authority ;
( c ) the deposit by a local authority, within such period as
may be specified in the regulations, of copies of such
abstract at the offices of the authority or at any other
place, and the publication by the authority of informa-
tion with respect to such accounts ;
(d ) the exercise, within such period as may be specified
in the regulations, of the rights of inspection and
objection conferred by section 101 of this Act in
relation to any such abstract and accounts, and the
steps to be taken by a local authority for informing
persons of those rights ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
1979
( e) the giving of public notice by a local authority of any
order made in relation to them by the Secretary of
State under section 104( 1) of this Act.
(2) Before making regulations under this section, the Secretary
of State shall consult with such associations of local authorities
as appear to him to be concerned.
( 3) If any person wilfully or negligently contravenes any
provision of any regulations made under this section, con-
travention of which is declared by the regulations to be an
offence, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
summary conviction, in the case of a first offence, to a fine
not exceeding £20, and, in the case of a second or subsequent
offence, to a fine not exceeding £50.
(4) A statutory instrument containing regulations made by
the Secretary of State under this section shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
PART VII
106.-( 1 ) The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act Application
and any regulations made by the Secretary of State under sec- of ss. 93
to 105 to
tion 105 of this Act shall, subject to any necessary modifications, bodies other
apply with respect to the following bodies, that is to say- than locai
( a ) any committee, joint committee or joint board all the authorities
members of which, other than any ex officio members, and to officers.
are appointed by one or more local authorities ;
( b) the trustees for any charity, foundation, mortification,
or other purpose, where a local authority, or some
members of such an authority as such, are the sole
trustees for such charity, foundation, mortification or
other purpose ;
(c ) any water development board within the meaning of
the Water (Scotland ) Act 1967 ;
1967 с. 78.as they apply with respect to a local authority ; and any pro-
vision contained in any enactment with respect to such a com-
mittee, joint committee or joint board, or in any trust deed
or other instrument regulating any such charity, foundation,
mortification or other purpose as aforesaid, shall, so far as
inconsistent herewith, cease to have effect :
Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in relation
to a water development board within the meaning of the said
Act of 1967 until 16th May 1975.
( 2) Where an officer of a body whose accounts are required
to be audited in accordance with this Part of this Act receives
any money or other property on behalf of that body, or
1980 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VII
receives any money or other property for which he ought to
account to that body, the accounts of that officer shall be
audited by the auditor of the accounts of the body, and sections
96 to 105 of this Act and any regulations made by the Secre-
tary of State under section 105 of this Act shall, subject to any
necessary modifications, apply accordingly to those accounts
and that audit.
Expenses
oflocal
authorities
under public
general Acts
to be met
out of rates.
Determination
and levy of
regional,
district and
general rates.
Rating
107. The expenses of a local authority in discharging func-
tions under any public general Act, so far as not met otherwise ,
or so far as not otherwise provided in any such Act, shall be
met out of rates levied under this Part of this Act.
108.- ( 1 ) Every local authority shall, in respect of the
financial year beginning with 16th May 1975 and of each sub-
sequent financial year, determine before such date as may be
prescribed a rate to be known-
( a ) in the case of a regional council, as the regional
rate ;
( b) in the case of an islands council, as the general rate ;
and
(c ) in the case of a district council, as the district rate ;
and each such rate shall be levied in respect of that financial
year in accordance with the following provisions of this Part
of this Act.
(2) It shall be the duty of every local authority to determine
such regional, general or district rate, as the case may be, as will
provide sufficient moneys to meet such part of the total
estimated expenses to be incurred by the authority during the
financial year in respect of which the rate is to be levied (after
taking account of any balance or estimated balance at the end
of the financial year immediately preceding that year) as falls
to be met out of moneys raised by rates, together with such
additional amount as is, in the opinion of the authority,
required-
( a) to cover expenses previously incurred,
( b) to meet contingencies,
( c ) to meet any expenses which may fall to be met before
the moneys to be received in respect of the regional,
general or district rate, as the case may be, for the
financial year next following the first -mentioned
year will become available.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1981
109.-( 1 ) The local authority for the purpose of levying such
PART VII
rates as are mentioned in section 108 of this Act shall be- Rating
authorities.
( a ) in the case of the regional rate and the district rate, the
regional council ; and
( b ) in the case of the general rate, the islands council ;
and in this Act, and in any other enactment (whether passed or
made before or after the passing of this Act ) , the expression
rating authority " shall be construed in accordance with the"
provisions of this subsection.
( 2 ) In respect of each financial year every district council shall,
before such date as may be prescribed, intimate to the regional
council within whose region their district falls the district rate
determined by them in respect of that year, together with such
further information with respect to that rate as may reasonably
be required for the preparation of demand notes for the purposes
of levying the rate.
110.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, aregional regional
Payments by
council shall be liable to pay to the council of each district council to
which falls within their region, in respect of the district rate district
for any financial year, the amount produced by the district rate councils in
determined by that district council in respect of that year, and respect of
district rates.
the regional council shall make payments, in accordance with
regulations made by the Secretary of State under section 111 of
this Act, to the district council on account of the district rate.
( 2 ) The amount due by a regional council to a district council
in respect of the district rate for any financial year shall be
ascertained in the prescribed manner after the end of that year,
and-
( a ) if that amount exceeds the aggregate amount of the
payments made on account of that rate under sub-
section ( 1) above, the balance shall be paid by the
regional council to the district council ;
(b ) if that amount is less than the aggregate amount of the
said payments, the balance shall be set off against the
payments on account of the district rate in respect
of the financial year next following the said year.
( 3) The cost of, and any losses on, the collection of all rates
levied by a regional council, and the cost of any rebates, dis-
counts, reductions or remissions given by that council, shall be
treated as deductions in estimating and ascertaining the amounts
produced by each of the rates levied by the council in such
manner and to such extent as may be prescribed.
Part III I
1982 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VII
Secretary of
State may
make
regulations
with respect
to rates.
1967 с. 78.
111.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with
such associations of local authorities as appear to him to be con-
cerned, make regulations-
( a ) prescribing any matter which is required or authorised
to be prescribed by any provision contained in sections
107 to 110 of this Act or in this section ;
( b) making such provision with respect to any other matter
as appears to him to be necessary or expedient for the
purpose of rendering the said sections 107 to 110 of full
effect;
( c) making provision for any matter with respect to which
he is empowered or obliged by this Act, or by any other
enactment, to make provision in regulations under this
section ;
( d ) providing for the payment of interest, at such rate as
may be prescribed, by a regional council to a district
council in a case where any amount due in respect of
the district rate is not paid on or before such date as
may be prescribed ;
( e ) providing for the payment of interest, at such rate as
may be prescribed, by a local authority to another local
authority, to a committee, joint committee or joint
board all the members of which, other than any ex
officio members, are appointed by one or more local
authorities, or to a water development board within
the meaning of the Water (Scotland) Act 1967, in a
case where any amount due in respect of a requisition
made under any enactment is not paid on or before
such date as may be prescribed.
(2) A statutory instrument containing regulations made by the
Secretary of State under this section shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
Rate rebates
Duty of
112.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Secre-
Secretary of
tary of State shall, with the consent of the Treasury, prescribe
State to make standard
by regulations a scheme ( hereafter in this Part of this Act
scheme for
referred to as " the standard scheme ") for the grant by rating
rate rebates.
authorities to persons to whom this section applies of rebates
from rates calculated in accordance with the provisions of the
standard scheme by reference to the needs and the resources of
such persons.
( 2) Regulations under subsection (1) above shall be so made
as to secure that the standard scheme shall have effect in respect
of rebate periods beginning on or after 16th May 1974.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
( 3) In preparing the standard scheme the Secretary of State PART VII
shall have regard to the provisions of the schemes for the time
being in force under sections 15 and 16 of the Housing ( Financial 1972 с. 46.
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 (rent rebates and rent allowances)
and, without prejudice to the generality of the power conferred
by subsection ( 1 ) above, the standard scheme may contain
provisions corresponding, so far as the Secretary of State con-
siders appropriate, to provisions of Part I of Schedule 2, or of
Part I of Schedule 3, to the said Act of 1972 ( model schemes
of rent rebates and rent allowances) .
( 4) No person shall be entitled in respect of a rebate period
beginning on or after 16th May 1974 to a rebate under section 5
of the Rating Act 1966 ( rate rebates) but, where any person is 1966 c. 9.
entitled to a rebate under that section in respect of any period
beginning before that date, then, notwithstanding the repeal of
sections 5 to 8 of the said Act of 1966 by this Act, a rating
authority may grant that rebate under those sections on or after
thatdate.
(5) A statutory instrument containing regulations under sub-
section ( 1) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 6 ) In this section and in sections 113 to 115 of this Act-
" application ” means an application for a rate rebate under
the standard scheme or, in the case of a rating autho-
rity which has varied the standard scheme under
section 114 of this Act, under the standard scheme as
so varied ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by the standard scheme or,
in the case of a rating authority which has varied the
standard scheme as aforesaid, by the standard scheme
as so varied;
“ rate " does not include a domestic water rate within the
meaning of the Water (Scotland) Act 1949 ;
1949 с. 31 .
" rating authority " means, in relation to a rebate period
beginning before 16th May 1975, a rating authority
within the meaning of section 209 of the 1947 Act ;
" rebate period " means a period in respect of which a rate
rebate may be granted under this Part of this Act, being
such period as may be prescribed, and different periods
may be prescribed in relation to different classes of
person.
1983
113.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below and to section 16( 2) Persons to
of the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 (rate rebate to which whom s. 112
persons in receipt of supplementary benefit might otherwise be applies.
1966 с. 20.Part III 12
1984 c . 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTVII entitled to be reduced if their requirements were determined
without regard to any rate rebate ), section 112 of this Act shall
apply to any of the following persons who makes an application
in such form as the rating authority may require, that is to say-
( a) aperson who is the occupier of , and resides or is usually
resident in , lands and heritages which are a dwelling-
house and which at the relevant date have a rateable
value which does not exceed any limit prescribed ;
( b) a person who is the occupier of , and resides or is usually
resident in, lands and heritages which at the relevant
date have a rateable value which does not exceed any
limit prescribed and which, though not a dwelling-
house, are used mainly for the purposes of a private
dwelling or private dwellings ;
( c ) a person who, not being the occupier of such lands and
heritages as are mentioned in paragraph (a ) or para-
graph (b) above, is the tenant of , and resides or is
usually resident in , a part of any such lands and
heritages, being a part which at the relevant date has
a rateable value which does not exceed any limit pre-
scribed, and in respect of which he makes payments to
the occupier by way of rent.
For the purposes of this subsection " relevant date " means
the date of the beginning of the rebate period in respect of which
an application is made.
(2) Regulations under section 112 above may make provision
as respects rate rebates where two or more persons are joint
occupiers of such lands and heritages as are mentioned in
paragraph (a) or paragraph ( b) of subsection (1) above, or joint
tenants of such a part thereof as is mentioned in paragraph (c)
of that subsection.
( 3) For the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) above
lands and heritages which are not a dwelling-house shall be
deemed to be used mainly for the purposes of a private dwelling
or private dwellings-
(a) if it appears to the rating authority that, having regard
to all the circumstances at the date of the making of an
application, the proportion of the rateable value of
the lands and heritages as shown in the valuation roll in
force at that date which is attributable to the part of
the lands and heritages used for the purposes of a
private dwelling or private dwellings is greater than the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 65
proportion thereof which is attributable to the part used for other purposes ; or
( b) if at the said date a rate rebate in respect of the rebate
period in question has already been granted to some
other person in respect of those lands and heritages or
any part thereof.
PARTVII
( 4 ) For the purposes of paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) above,
the rateable value of any part of lands and heritages shall be
taken to be such value as is found by proper apportionment of
the rateable value shown in the valuation roll in respect of those
lands and heritages, and any question arising under this subsec-
tion as to the proper apportionment of any rateable value shall be
determined by the sheriff and the decision of the sheriff on any
such question shall be final.
( 5) Where in pursuance of section 244 of the 1947 Act (re-
mission of rates on account of poverty) a rating authority is for
the time being giving to any person to whom section 112 of this
Act applies any relief from the rates chargeable for any rebate
period in respect of the lands and heritages or part of the lands
and heritages to which an application relates, that authority shall
grant a rebate in respect of those rates only if , and to the extent
that, the amount of such rebate exceeds the aggregate amount
given to that person by way of such relief in that rebate period.
114.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a rating Variation of
authority may, in respect of a rebate period beginning on or standard
after 16th May 1975, with the consent of the Secretary of State, scheme by
rating
vary for their area the provisions of the standard scheme ; and, authority .
where a rating authority have varied the standard scheme under
this section, the standard scheme as so varied shall have effect,
subject to subsection (6) below, for the purpose of the grant of
rate rebates under this Part of this Act by that authority .
(2) Any variation of the standard scheme by a rating authority
under subsection (1) above shall be so made as to secure that, on
the best estimate which the rating authority can make-
( a) no person shall be granted less rate rebate in respect
of any rebate period than he would have been granted
under the standard scheme ; and
( b ) the total of the rate rebates which will be granted under
the standard scheme as so varied for any financial year
will not exceed 110 per cent. of the total of the rate
rebates which would have been granted for that year
under the standard scheme.
Part III 13
1985
1986 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PARTVII
1970 с. 55.
1916 с. 65.
1917 с. 51 .
1939 с. 82.
1939 с. 83 .
1947 с. 19.
1951 с. 8.
1969 с. 65.
(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers con-
ferred by subsection ( 1 ) above, a variation under that subsection
of the standard scheme may provide that, in ascertaining for the
purposes of a rate rebate the income of a person to whom
section 112 of this Act applies and his spouse (if any), there is a
total disregard of war disablement pension and special widow's
pension and of payments accepted by the Secretary of State as
being analogous to such pensions .
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may accept a payment as being
analogous to such a pension as is mentioned in subsection (3)
above-
( a) by directing rating authorities in general to regard pay-
ments of that description as analogous for the purposes
of that subsection, or
(b) by notifying a rating authority that he accepts such a
payment as analogous for those purposes.
(5) The Secretary of State's consent under subsection ( 1) above
may be given generally or in a particular case and shall be
subject to such conditions (if any) as may be specified in the
consent.
(6) Where a rating authority has varied the provisions of the
standard scheme under subsection ( 1 ) above and any person
shows to the satisfaction of that authority that the standard
scheme as so varied does not in his case fulfil the condition
mentioned in paragraph (a ) of subsection (2) above, that person
may apply for a rate rebate under the standard scheme, and in
relation to that application the standard scheme shall have effect
in place of the standard scheme as so varied, and the authority
may grant a rate rebate under the standard scheme to that
person.
( 7 ) In this section-
66 war disablement pension " means war disablement pension
within the meaning of any regulations for the time being
in force under the Family Income Supplements Act
1970;
" special widow's pension " means-
(a) any widow's pension or allowance granted
in respect of a death due to service or war injury
under powers conferred by or under the Ministry of
Pensions Act 1916, the Air Force ( Constitution )
Act 1917, the Personal Injuries (Emergency Provi-
sions) Act 1939, the Pensions ( Navy, Army, Air
Force and Mercantile Marine) Act 1939, the Polish
Resettlement Act 1947, the Home Guard Act 1951
or the Ulster Defence Regiment Act 1969 ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .65
1987
( b) a pension or allowance for a widow granted PART VII
under any scheme under the Injuries in War (Com- 1914 с. 30.
pensation ) Act 1914, the Injuries in War Compen- 1914 c. 18.
sation Act 1914 ( Session 2), or the Injuries in War 1915 c. 24.
( Compensation) Act 1915 or under any War Risk
Compensation Scheme for the Mercantile Marine.
115.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall pay to any rating Grants
authority granting rate rebates in respect of any rebate period towards rate
beginning on or after 16th May 1974 under the standard scheme rebates .
or under the standard scheme as varied under section 114 of
this Act a grant equal to nine tenths of the aggregate net stan-
dard amount of rate rebates for the financial year in which that
rebate period, or part thereof, falls .
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above the reference to the aggregate net
standard amount of rate rebates for a financial year shall be
construed, in relation to any rating authority-
( a) except in such a case as is mentioned in paragraph (b)
below, as a reference to the aggregate net amount
granted by that authority by way of rate rebates for
that year ;
( b) in a case where that authority have varied the standard
scheme under section 114 of this Act, as a reference to
the aggregate net amount which would have been
granted by that authority by way of rate rebates for
that year if they had not so varied the standard scheme ;
calculated or estimated by following such methods and prin-
ciples as the Secretary of State may direct, either generally or
in any particular case .
( 3) Any grant payable under this section to a rating authority
shall be paid at such times as the Secretary of State may with the
consent of the Treasury determine.
Valuation
116.-( 1 ) Each region and each islands area shall be a valua- Valuation
tion area, and the council of each region and the council of areas and
each islands area shall be the valuation authority for that region authorities and appoint-
or, as the case may be, that area ; and on and after 16th May ment of
1975 the valuation authorities constituted under this section shall assessors, etc.
have and exercise in relation to valuation the powers conferred
by the Valuation Acts on the councils of burghs, being counties
of cities, and counties.
( 2) Every valuation authority shall appoint, in accordance
with the provisions of section 1 of the Valuation and Rating 1956 c. 60.
( Scotland ) Act 1956, an assessor and such number of depute
assessors as the authority may consider necessary for the purposes
Part III 14
1988 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VII
of the Valuation Acts ; and any assessor or depute assessor
appointed under the said Acts or under the 1947 Act and holding
office immediately before 16th May 1975 (other than an assessor
or depute assessor appointed under this section ) shall cease to
hold office on that date.
( 3) Adepute assessor appointed under this section shall have
and may exercise all the functions of an assessor so appointed.
( 4 ) An assessor or depute assessor appointed under this section
shall hold office on such reasonable terms and conditions, includ-
ing conditions as to remuneration, as the authority appointing
him think fit.
( 5 ) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State, if it appears to
him that to do so would be of public or local advantage, to make
an order combining the council of the Highland Region and
the councils of the three islands areas, or any two or more of
those councils, for such of their functions under the Valuation
Acts as may be specified in that order ; and an order under this
subsection may include such incidental, consequential and
supplemental provisions as appear to the Secretary of State
to be necessary or expedient for bringing the order into opera-
tion and giving full effect thereto.
(6 ) The assessor of a region in making up the valuation roll
of the region shall distinguish in the roll lands and heritages
situated within the boundaries of each district of that region.
( 7) A statutory instrument containing an order made by the
Secretary of State under subsection (5) above shall be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
66
( 8) In this section the expression " the Valuation Acts " means
1854 с. 91 .
the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act 1854 and the Acts amending
that Act, and includes this Act.
Postponement 117. The revaluation of lands and heritages which, by virtue of
of revaluation sections 9( 1) and 10(1 ) of the Valuation and Rating ( Scotland)
until 1978-79. Act 1956, falls to be carried out in the year 1976-77 shall be
1956 с. 60. postponed until the year 1978-79, and accordingly-
( a) in paragraph ( a ) of the said section 9( 1), for the words
" 1961-62 " there shall be substituted the words
1978-79 " ;"
( b) in paragraph (a) of the said section 10(1 ), for the words
1961-62 " there shall be substituted the words66
" 1978-79 ", and in paragraph ( b) of that subsection,
for the words " in respect of each of the four years
following the year 1961-62 " there shall be substituted
the words " in respect of each year after the year 1971-
72 and before the year 1978-79, and in respect of each
of the four years following the year 1978-79 " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
1989
Miscellaneous PARTVII
118.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, every authority to Local
which this section applies shall make a return to the Secretary financial
of State in respect of each financial year-
returns.
( a) of their revenue and expenses ;
( b) in the case of a rating authority, of the revenue received
from each rate levied in their area and, where the
rating authority is a regional council, of the amount
paid to any district council in respect of the district rate
and to any other local authority in respect of a requis-
tion made under any enactment.
( 2) Returns under this section shall be in such form, shall
contain such particulars, shall be authenticated in such manner,
and shall be submitted to the Secretary of State by such date,
as the Secretary of State may direct, and a direction under this
subsection may impose different requirements in relation to
returns of different classes .
( 3) If it appears to the Secretary of State that sufficient
information about any of the matters mentioned in subsection
(1 ) above has been supplied to him by an authority under any
other enactment , he may exempt that authority from all or
any of the requirements of this section so far as they relate
to that matter.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State shall, in respect of each year, cause
a summary to be made of the returns sent to him under this
section and of any information supplied to him under any other
enactment in consequence of which he has granted an exemp-
tion under subsection ( 3) above and shall lay that summary
before both Houses of Parliament.
( 5 ) In this section references to an authority to which this
section applies are references to a local authority, any commit-
tee, joint committee or joint board the members of which, other
than ex officio members, are appointed by one or more local
authorities or any water development board within the meaning
of the Water (Scotland) Act 1967 or any river purification board 1967 c. 78.
within the meaning of section 135 of this Act.
119.-( 1) As soon as may be after the first election of coun- Initial
cillors for a new local authority, each existing rating authority expenses of
whose area, or part of whose area, for rating purposes falls with- new local
in the area of that new local authority shall , in accordance with authorities.
the provisions of this section, cause the appropriate contribu-
tion to be paid into the general fund of the new local authority.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) above " the appropriate contribution "
means
( a) in the case of a contribution to a regional council,
three quarters,
1990 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTVII 1963 с. 12.
1956 с. 60.
(b) in the case of a contribution to an islands council, the
whole,
(c ) in the case of a contribution to a district council , one
quarter,
of an amount calculated in accordance with subsection (3)
below.
( 3) The amount referred to in subsection (2) above shall be
( a) in a case where the whole of the area for rating
purposes of the existing rating authority falls within
the area of the new local authority, an amount equal
to the product of a rate of 1p in the pound, or the
standard penny rate product, whichever is the higher,
for the first -mentioned area for the year 1973-74 ;
(b) in a case where a part only of the area for rating pur-
poses of the existing rating authority falls within the
area of the new local authority, an amount which bears
the same proportion to the amount calculated in accord-
ance with paragraph (a) above as the rateable valuation
of that part of the first-mentioned area for the year
1973-74 bears to the rateable valuation of the whole of
that area for that year.
( 4 ) A new local authority may before 16th May 1975 borrow
for the purpose of meeting any expenses incurred by them before
that date.
(5) With a view to providing sums which may be transferred
by an order under section 215 of this Act to one or more new
local authorities, any existing rating authority may include in
any rate levied by them in respect of the year 1974-75 provision
to meet contingencies or to meet any expenses which, if this
Act had not been passed, would have fallen to be met by the
existing authority on or after 16th May 1975 and before the
moneys to be received in respect of the rate for the year 1975-76
would have become available .
( 6 ) In this section-
" product of a rate of 1p in the pound " and " standard
penny rate product " have the same meanings respec-
tively as they have in Part I of the Local Govern-
ment ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1963 ;
" rateable valuation " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 43 ( 1) of the Valuation and Rating (Scotland)
Act 1956 ;
" rating authority " means a rating authority within the
meaning of section 209 of the 1947 Act ;
" year " has the same meaning as in the said Act of 1963 .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1991
120.-( 1 ) Rate support grant orders under section 3 of the
PART VII
Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1966 shall be made in advance Rate support
for a period of one year, instead of for successive periods of two grant.
years, and accordingly-
1966 с. 51 .
( a) in section 3( 3) of that Act, for the words from 66
suc-
cessive periods " to the end of the subsection there shall
be substituted the words " a period of one year " ;
( b) a rate support grant order made before the passing
of this Act shall, in so far as it was made in respect of
the year 1974-75, cease to have effect .
( 2) If in the exercise of the power conferred on him by section
4 of the said Act of 1966 the Secretary of State at any time after
15th May 1975 redetermines for the year 1974-75 the amount
and portion mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 2(2)
of the said Act of 1966, he may by an order made under the said
section 4, instead of increasing to any extent the amount fixed
by the rate support grant order made in respect of that year
as the aggregate amount of the rate support grants and any
element of those grants for that year, increase to that extent the
amount fixed by the rate support grant order made in respect of
the year 1975-76 as the aggregate of the rate support grants and
any element of those grants for the last-mentioned year.
( 3) Expressions used in this section and in sections 2 to 4
of the said Act of 1966 have the same meanings in this section as
in those sections.
121.-( 1 ) The rate of interest fixed by subsection (2) below Rates of
shall be substituted for the rate or, as the case may be, the interest in
relation to
maximum rate of interest determined by or under the following certain sums
enactments (which relate among other things to the interest due to local
payable to local authorities on certain sums due to them ), that authorities.
is to say-
section 56(3) of the Water (Scotland ) Act 1946 ;
section 10(2) of the Coast Protection Act 1949 ;
1946 с. 42.
1949 с. 74.
sections 29(5) and 31(4 ) of the Housing ( Financial Pro- 1968 c. 31 .
visions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ;
section 23(5) of the Mines and Quarries ( Tips) Act 1969 ; 1969 с. 10.
section 25(3) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1969. 1969 с. 34.
( 2) The said rate shall be one-quarter per cent above the
relevant rate determined by the Treasury in relation to loans
made for a period of fifteen years under section 3 of the National 1968 с. 13 .
Loans Act 1968 (local loans by the Loan Commissioners) ; and
in this subsection " the relevant rate " means the rate applying
on whichever of the following dates, namely 16th May or 16th
November or such other date as may be prescribed by regula-
tions under section 111 of this Act , most closely precedes the
date from which interest first becomes payable in relation to
1992 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VII
Miscellaneous
amendments
of enactments
relating to
finance.
Education
authorities.
Education
committees. the sum in question, or, where more than one rate has been
so determined, such one of those rates as the Treasury may
from time to time direct either generally or with respect to any
particular enactment.
(3) As soon as may be after giving a direction under sub-
section (2) above the Treasury shall cause it to be published in
the Edinburgh Gazette.
122. Schedule 9 to this Act shall have effect for making
amendments and modifications of enactments relating to local
government finance which are not replaced by the foregoing
provisions of this Part of this Act.
PART VIII
FUNCTIONS
Education
123. The education authority for the purposes of the
Education (Scotland) Acts 1939 to 1973 shall be a regional or
islands council.
124.-( 1 ) Every education authority shall appoint a com-
mittee , which shall be known as the education committee, to
which (subject to any arrangement under section 127 of this
Act, as read with section 56 of this Act , for the discharge by
the education committee of any function ) all their functions as
such authority shall stand referred.
In this subsection, “ referred " means remitted to the com-
mittee for consideration and report to the authority but without
power to the committee to discharge any function on behalf of
the authority.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of section 59 of this Act, an
education authority shall appoint to their education committee
persons who are not members of the authority, but at least
half of the members appointed to the committee shall be
members of the authority.
( 3) The persons appointed under subsection ( 2) above who
are not members of the education authority shall include-
( a ) at least three persons interested in the promotion of
religious education, and the persons appointed in terms
of this paragraph shall include-
( i) one representative of the Church of Scotland,
nominated in such manner as may be determined
by the General Assembly of the Church ; and
( ii) in the case of the education authority for the
area of a region, one representative of the Roman
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c .65
1993
Catholic Church, nominated in such manner as may be determined by the Scottish Hierarchy of the
Church ;
(iii ) one person, or, in the case of the education
authority for an islands area, two persons, in the
selection of whom the authority shall have regard
( taking account of the representation of churches
under sub-paragraphs (i ) and (ii ) above) to the com-
parative strength within their area of all the churches
and denominational bodies having duly constituted
charges or other regularly appointed places of
worship there ;
(b) at least two teachers employed in educational establish-
ments under the management of the authority, nomi-
nated in such manner as may be determined by the
authority.
( 4 ) The number of members of an education committee and
their term of office shall be fixed by the appointing authority.
( 5) Every member of an education committee who at the time
of his appointment was a member of the appointing authority
shall, upon ceasing to be a member of that authority, also cease
to be a member of the committee and of any sub- committee
thereof ; but for the purposes of this subsection a member of
an education authority shall not be deemed to have ceased to
be a member of the authority by reason of retirement if he has
been re-elected a member thereof not later than the day of
his retirement.
( 6 ) Paragraphs 2, 8, 9 and 10 of Schedule 10 to this Act shall,
subject to any necessary modifications , apply in relation to an
education committee and to the standing reference of functions
to that committee under subsection ( 1) above as they apply in
relation to the discharge of functions by arrangements made
in accordance with that Schedule.
PART VIII
125.-( 1 ) Every education authority shall appoint bodies to School and
discharge, subject to any directions given by the authority, college
such of the functions of management and supervision of educa- councils.
tional establishments or groups of educational establishments
under the control of the authority (including functions relating
to attendance thereat ) as the authority shall determine.
( 2 ) A body appointed under subsection (1) above shall be
called-
( a ) in the case of such a body having only a school or
schools under their management, a school council ;
( b) in any other case, acollege council .
1994 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
1962 с. 47.
Disqualifica-
tionfor
membership
of education
committees,
etc.
( 3) An education authority, in appointing a school or college
council under this section, shall secure that the membership
thereof includes-
( a ) in the case of any such council having any school under
their management,
(i ) due representation of the parents of the pupils
attending such school or schools ;
( ii) at least one person interested in the promotion
of religious education ;
( b ) in the case of any such council having under their
management any of the educational establishments men-
tioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of this subsection, on
the nomination of the teachers and other educational
staff employed in those establishments under the man-
agement of the said council, or, failing such nomination,
by direct appointment, at least one such teacher or
member of such other educational staff;
( c ) in the case of any such council having under their
management any educational establishment used wholly
or partly for any form of further education other than
that described in section 4( c ) of the Education (Scot-
land ) Act 1962 (social, cultural and recreative activities,
etc.), due representation of persons concerned or en-
gaged in crafts, industries, commerce or other employ-
ments in the locality ;
( d ) in the case of any such council having under their
management any educational establishment used wholly
or partly for any form of further education described
in the said section 4( c), due representation of persons
resident in the locality and otherwise qualified to
represent local interests in the management of such
establishment or establishments .
( 4) Paragraphs 9 and 12 of Schedule 10 to this Act and
section 62 of this Act shall, subject to any necessary modifica-
tions, apply in relation to school and college councils and,
except where the context otherwise requires, references in
sections 59 and 60 of this Act to a sub-committee shall include
references to a school or college council.
(5) Any reference in any enactment, scheme or document
to a sub-committee appointed under section 109 of the 1947 Act
shall be construed as a reference to a council appointed under
this section.
126. Notwithstanding the provisions of section 59 of this Act
(as read with section 127(2) of this Act) -
( a ) a person shall not , by reason of his being a teacher
employed in an educational establishment under the
management of an education authority, be disquali-
fied for being a member of the education committee
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с. 65
1995
of that authority, of any sub- committee of that com-
mittee or of any school or college council appointed
by that authority, or for being a representative of
that authority on a joint committee relating to their
functions as an education authority ;
( b) a person shall not, by reason of his being employed
( otherwise than as specified in paragraph (a ) above)
by a local authority, be disqualified for being a member
of any school or college council appointed by that
authority, unless the duties of that person relate to any
of the functions of that council :
Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall prevent
a person mentioned in paragraph ( b) of section 125 (3 )
of this Act from being a member of a school or college
council by virtue of the last mentioned paragraph.
PART VIII
127.- (1 ) In relation to the discharge by a local authority Discharge of
of their functions as an education authority, Schedule 10 to this education
Act shall have effect in place of subsections (1) to (5) of section authority
functions.
56 and section 57 of this Act, and references in the remaining
provisions of section 56 to that section shall include references
to that Schedule.
(2) Sections 58 and 68 of this Act shall apply in relation
to a joint committee appointed under this section as they apply
in relation to a joint committee appointed under Part V of
thisAct.
128.-( 1 ) Where, immediately before 16th May 1975, any Educational
educational endowment is to any extent vested in the existing endowments.
local authority for an area specified in the first column of Table A
below, that endowment shall on that day to that extent be trans-
ferred to and vest for the same purposes in the appropriate new
local authority for the area specified in relation thereto in the
second column of that Table.
TABLE A
Existing area
New area
County
...
County of a city
...
}
Region or islands area
Large burgh
Small burgh...
District...
...
}
District orislands area
...
(2) Where, immediately before 16th May 1975, any educa-
tional endowment is to any extent to be vested, by virtue of his
office, in the holder of any office connected with an existing
local authority specified in the first column of Table B below,
1996 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII 1962 с. 47.
that endowment shall on that day to that extent be transferred
to and vest for the same purposes in the holder of the office,
specified in relation thereto in the second column of that Table,
of the appropriate new local authority as determined by reference
to subsection (1) above.
TABLE B
Existing office-holder New office -holder
Lord Provost
Provost
Convener of county
Chairman of district council
Magistrate... ...
Councillor
Chairman of or member of a com-
mittee
...
...
Chairman of council.
Councillor, or any other person
nominated by the council.
Any specified officer
The corresponding officer or (if
there is no such officer) the
proper officer.
( 3) Where, immediately before 16th May 1975, any power
with respect to an educational endowment is vested in an
existing local authority, or ( by virtue of his office) in the holder
of an office connected with such an authority, that power shall
on that day be transferred to and vest in the appropriate new
local authority or (as the case may be) in the new office-holder
of that authority, as ascertained by reference to subsections ( 1 )
and (2) above.
( 4 ) Subject to the provisions of the governing instrument of an
educational endowment, where, as the result of the election of a
local authority occurring after 16th May 1975, it is necessary for
a person to be nominated by the authority or by a committee
thereof to be vested (to any extent ) with the endowment, in terms
of subsection (2) above, or to be vested with any power, in terms
of subsection ( 3) above, that person shall be so nominated at the
first meeting of the authority or committee held after it has been
elected or appointed ; and in such a case the person who (to the
said extent) was last vested with the endowment or, as the case
may be, who was last vested with the power, before the meeting
shall continue therein until the date of the meeting.
( 5 ) In this section, unless the context otherwise requires,
expressions used in Part VI of the Education (Scotland ) Act 1962
have the same meaning as in that Part, and " the appropriate
new local authority " means, in relation to an existing local
authority, the new authority whose area comprises the whole or
the greater part of the area of the existing authority : and if, in
any case, there is a dispute as to such appropriate authority, or
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .65
1997
as to the person or persons corresponding to an existing office- holder or office-holders for the purposes of this section, it shall
be taken to be such new local authority or, as the case may be,
person or persons as the Secretary of State may direct.
( 6 ) Nothing in this section shall affect any other power to
reorganise any educational endowment or otherwise to alter the
provisions of any trust.
PART VIII
129. The Education (Scotland) Act 1962 shall have effect sub- Amendment
ject to the modifications and amendments set out in Schedule 11 of Education
to this Act.
( Scotland )
Act 1962.
1962 с. 47.
Housing
130.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this and the next follow- Housing.
ing section, the local authority for the purposes of the Housing
( Scotland ) Acts 1966 to 1973 shall be an islands or a district
council .
( 2 ) Before the council of a district exercise outside the district
any power under Part VII of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1966 c. 49.
1966 ( provision of housing accommodation ), the council shall
give notice of their intention to do so to the council of the
region in which the district is situated and also, if they propose to
exercise the power outside that region, to the council of the
region in which they propose to exercise the power, but failure
to give any such notice shall not invalidate the exercise of the
power.
( 3) The enactments relating to housing specified in Schedule
12 to this Act shall be amended in accordance with the provisions
of that Schedule.
131.-( 1 ) A regional council may enter into an agreement with Powers of
adistrict council whether within or outwith their region whereby, regional
council in
in consideration of the provision of housing accommodation by relation to
the district council, the regional council shall make such payment housing.
to the district council as shall be specified in the agreement ; but
any agreement under this subsection shall be subject to the
approval of the Secretary of State.
( 2) A regional council as well as an islands or district council
may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, promote the
formation or extension of or assist a housing association whose
objects include the erection, improvement or management of
housing accommodation.
( 3) A regional council as well as an islands or district council
may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, make arrange-
ments with a housing association for the purpose of enabling
the association to provide any housing accommodation which
the islands or district council in whose area the accommodation
1998 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
1966 с. 49.
Functions
under the
RentActs.
1971 с. 28.
Roads.
1889 с. 50.
Building.
1959 с. 24.
Prevention of
river pollution.
1951 с. 66.
is to be provided are empowered under Part VII of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966 to provide.
132.-( 1 ) The local authority for the purposes of the Rent
( Scotland ) Acts 1971 and 1972 shall be an islands council or
district council .
( 2) The Rent ( Scotland) Act 1971 shall have effect subject to
the amendments set out in Schedule 13 to this Act.
The environment
133.-( 1 ) The local highway authority for the purposes of this
Act and any other enactment (whether passed or made before
or after the passing of this Act ) shall be a regional or islands
council ; and the enactments set out in Schedule 14 to this Act
shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that
Schedule.
(2) The powers and duties vested in the council of each county
in relation to roads by virtue of section 11 of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1889 shall be transferred to and vested in
the local highway authority.
134.- ( 1 ) The jurisdiction and functions of buildings authori-
ties and functions of masters of works conferred on them by
the Building ( Scotland) Acts 1959 and 1970 shall be transferred
to the councils of islands areas and districts , except that in
the case of districts situated within the Highland, Borders and
Dumfries and Galloway regions they shall be transferred to the
councils of those regions.
( 2) The Building (Scotland) Act 1959 shall have effect sub-
ject to the amendments specified in Part I of Schedule 15 to
this Act, and Part II shall have effect for making amendments
to other enactments relating to building.
135.-( 1 ) River purification boards established under Part II
of the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland ) Act 1951 are
hereby dissolved and sections 2 to 5 of the said Act shall cease
to have effect.
(2) On and after 16th May 1975 the functions of river
purification authorities under the Rivers (Prevention of Pollu-
tion) (Scotland) Acts 1951 and 1965 shall be exercised by river
purification boards established under the following provisions
of this section and by islands councils.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall, by order, divide Scotland,
other than islands areas, into areas (to be known as “ river
purification board areas ") and the said areas shall include
such tidal waters, being waters to which the Rivers (Prevention
of Pollution) (Scotland ) Acts 1951 and 1965 apply, as the
Secretary of State may determine .
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
1999
( 4 ) An order made under subsection (3) above shall define PART VIII
each river purification board area either by reference to a map
or to the line of any watershed or to the boundary of any local
government area existing immediately before the making of
the order, or partly by one method and partly by another.
( 5) For each river purification board area the Secretary of
State shall by order establish the river purification board and
the said order shall provide-
( a ) that the river purification board shall consist of such
number of members as may be specified in the order
not being more than three times the number of districts
wholly or partly within the river purification board
area,
( b ) that one third of the members of the river purification
board shall be appointed from among their own mem-
bers by such of the regional councils wholly or partly
within the area of the river purification board and in
such proportions, as may be so specified ; that one
third of the members of the river purification board
shall be appointed from among their own members
by such of the district councils wholly or partly within
the area of the river purification board and in such
proportions as may be so specified ; and that one third
of the members of the river purification board shall be
appointed by the Secretary of State, after consultation
with such bodies as he thinks fit , to represent the
interests of persons concerned with the carrying on of
agriculture, fisheries or industry in the river purifica-
tion board area or any other interests which, in the
opinion of the Secretary of State, should be represented
on the board,
( c ) that the river purification board shall be a body cor-
porate with such name as may be specified in the
order, and that the board shall have a common seal
and may hold land and may sue and be sued in the
name so specified.
( 6 ) An order made under subsection ( 5 ) above may make
provision with regard to the following matters-
( a ) the arrangements for the calling of the first meeting
of the river purification board ;
( b) the preparation of a scheme with respect to the adminis-
trative arrangements for the discharge of the functions
of the river purification board ;
( c ) the tenure of office of members of the river purification
board and the filling of casual vacancies among such
members ;
2000 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
1967 с . 78.
Deposit of
poisonous
waste .
1972 с. 21.
( d ) the mode of defraying the expenses of the board and
in particular the proportions of those expenses which
are to be borne severally by regional councils and for
issue of requisitions to the said councils for the pay-
ment of the amounts apportioned to these councils ;
( e ) the transfer to the river purification board of rights or
liabilities (other than those in or relating to property) or
of the services of any officer or servant of any existing
river purification authority, the functions of which,
on and after 16th May 1975, shall be exercised by the
river purification board in terms of subsection (2) of
this section ;
( f ) the application to the board, subject to any necessary
modifications , of any of the provisions of this Act ;
( g ) any other matter incidental to or consequential on the
establishment of the river purification board or any
provision contained in the order.
( 7 ) Before making an order under subsection (3) or (5 ) above
the Secretary of State shall consult all local authorities ( including
in the case of an order made before 16th May 1975, councils
of counties and large burghs) and river purification boards whose
areas are wholly or partly within the area affected by the order,
and the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Water ( Scotland ) Act
1967 shall apply to the making of such an order as they apply
to the making of an order under section 5 of that Act with the
substitution of a reference to this subsection for the reference
to section 33( 4) of that Act.
( 8) Any reference in the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution ) ( Scot-
land ) Acts 1951 and 1965 to the councils of counties or of
large burghs and to their districts shall be read as references
to regional, islands or district councils and to their areas.
( 9) The provisions of section 216 of the 1947 Act (which relate
to the issue of requisitions by joint committees and joint boards)
shall, subject to any necessary modifications, apply to a requisi-
tion by a river purification board in terms of an order under
this section as they apply to requisitions by a joint committee or
joint board, and the provisions of section 106 of this Act shall,
subject to any necessary modifications, apply with respect to a
river purification board as they apply to a water development
board within the meaning of the Water ( Scotland) Act 1967 .
(10) The Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) (Scotland ) Acts 1951
and 1965 shall have effect subject to the amendments specified
in Schedule 16 to this Act.
136.-(1) The local authority for the purposes of the Deposit
of Poisonous Waste Act 1972 shall be an islands council or a
district council ; and accordingly in section 5(1)( b) of that Act
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2001
for the words " county councils and town " there shall be substi- PART VIII
tuted the words " islands councils and district ".
( 2 ) In sections 3( 5), 4( 3) and 5( 3) of that Act for any refer-
ence to a river purification board there shall be substituted a
reference to a river purification authority.
( 3) In section 7 of that Act after the definition of " refuse
tip " there shall be inserted the following definition "" river
purification authority " has the same meaning as in section 17
of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) ( Scotland ) Act 1951, 1951 с. 66.
but shall not include an islands council."
137.-( 1 ) All functions of town and county councils under the Flood
Flood Prevention ( Scotland) Act 1961 are hereby transferred prevention
and flood
to regional and islands councils, and accordingly for section 1( 2 ) warning
of that Act there shall be substituted the following subsection- systems.
" ( 2 ) This section applies to all regional and islands councils, 1961 c. 41.
and in this Act any reference to a local authority is a
reference to a council to whom this section applies . "
( 2 ) All functions of town and county councils under Part VI
of the Agriculture Act 1970 (flood warning systems ) are hereby 1970 c. 40.
transferred to regional and islands councils .
138.- (1 ) The coast protection authority for the purposes of Coast
the Coast Protection Act 1949 shall be the council of a region protection.
any part of which adjoins the sea, or an islands council .
1949 с. 74.
( 2 ) In the said Act of 1949 the following amendments shall
be made-
( a ) for section 1 ( 1) ( coast protection authorities), there shall
be substituted the following subsection-
" (1) The council of a region any part of which
adjoins the sea or of an islands area shall be the coast
protection authority for that region or area, as the
case may be. " ;
( b) in section 20( 5) ( contributions towards expenses of
coast protection ) for the word " burgh " there shall be
substituted the word " district " ;
( c ) in section 22 (power to use for incidental purposes land
acquired for coast protection) -
66
( i) in subsection ( 2), for the words burgh or
county " there shall be substituted the words
" region or islands area ".
(ii) in subsection ( 3), for the reference to the Local 1947 c. 43 .
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the Local Government (Scot-
land ) Act 1973 ;
2002 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
Public parks .
1878 с. 8.
Allotments.
Public
conveniences.
1970 с. 44.
Public health.
1897 с. 38.
1906 с. 14.
1945 с. 15.
1949 с. 55.
1951 с. 63 .
1956 с. 52.
1968 с. 62.
1960 с. 68.
1968 с. 46.
( d ) in section 30 (transfer and compensation of officers , and
superannuation rights ), at the end there shall be added
the following subsection-
66 ( 4 ) This section shall not apply to Scotland. " ;
(e) in section 45( 1) (b) (service of notices and other docu-
ments) , for the words " “ or burgh " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " or in Scotland the council of a
region, islands area or district " ;
( f ) in section 46( 4) (local inquiries ), for the words from
subsection (2) " to 1947 " there shall be substituted“ 66
the words " subsection (2) and subsections (4) to (8)
of section 210 of the Local Government (Scotland)
Act 1973 " ;
( g) in Schedule 1 ( procedure for making orders), for para-
graph 8(b) there shall be substituted the following sub-
paragraph-
" ( b) for references to the London Gazette and
to a county or county district there shall be sub-
stituted respectively references to the Edinburgh
Gazette and to a region, islands area or district " .
139. The functions of local authorities under the Public
Parks (Scotland) Act 1878 shall be exercised by regional, islands
or district councils.
140. The functions of local authorities under the Allotments
(Scotland) Acts 1892 to 1950 shall be exercised by islands and
district councils.
141. The local authority for the purposes of section 5 of the
Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act 1970 ( public con-
veniences) shall be a local authority within the meaning of this
Act, and accordingly in subsection ( 3) of that section, for the
word " 1947 " there shall be substituted the word " 1973 " .
142.-( 1 ) For the purposes of the enactments to which this
section applies, the local authority and sanitary authority shall
be an islands or district council.
(2) This section applies to the following enactments-
(a ) The Public Health (Scotland ) Act 1897 ;
( b) The Alkali, Etc., Works Regulation Act 1906 ;
(c ) The Public Health (Scotland) Act 1945 ;
( d ) Part I of the Prevention of Damage by Pests Act 1949 ;
(e) The Rag, Flock and Other Filling Materials Act 1951 ;
( f ) The Clean Air Acts 1956 and 1968 ;
( g ) The Noise Abatement Act 1960 ;
( h) The Health Services and Public Health Act 1968, except
section 65 thereof.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2003
143. The functions of local authorities under the Sewerage PART VIII
( Scotland ) Act 1968 shall be transferred to regional and islands Sewerage.
councils. 1968 с. 47.
144.-( 1) The local authority for the purposes of the Diseases Diseases of
of Animals Act 1950 shall be a regional or islands council, and animals, and
accordingly in section 59(3) of that Act (local authorities for the plant health.
purposes of that Act ), for paragraphs (a ) and (b) there shall be 1950 c. 36.
substituted the words
66 a regional or islands council " .
( 2) —
( a ) In section 43 of that Act (facilities for sheep dipping ) ,
the words " with the sanction of the Minister " shall
cease to have effect.
(b) Sections 60, 61 (7), 64( 2) and 68 of , and Schedule 4
to, that Act (committees and officers of local authorities
etc.) shall cease to have effect.
( 3) A competent authority under the Plant Health Act 1967 1967 с. 8.
shall no longer have certain powers of direction, and accordingly,
in section 5(2) of that Act (records of proceedings), the words
from " in such manner " to " direct " shall be omitted, and,
in section 6( 3) of that Act (publication of orders) , the words
from " in such " (where first occurring) to " direction " shall
cease to have effect.
145.-( 1) The Ordnance Survey Act 1841 (in this section Ordnance
referred to as " the 1841 Act ") shall have effect subject to the Survey.
modifications set out in this section.
1841 с. 30.( 2) An application under section 1 as read with section 17
of the 1841 Act shall be made to the proper officer of the
regional, islands or district council, and where such an
application is made, the function of appointing a person to assist
in examining, ascertaining and marking out reputed boundaries
shall be exercisable by the council to whose proper officer the
application was made.
( 3) The newspapers in which copies of an application under
section 1 as read with section 17 of the 1841 Act are to be
inserted shall be those circulating in the area of the council to
whose proper officer the application was made.
( 4) (a) References, in whatever terms in the 1841 Act, to
the sheriff by whom a person is appointed under section
1 as read with section 17 of that Act shall be con-
strued as references to the regional, islands or district
council, as the case may be.
(b) References in the 1841 Act to the sheriff clerk or sheriff
clerk depute shall be construed as references to the
proper officer of the regional, islands or district council,
as the case may be.
2004 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
(5) References in the 1841 Act to a county shall be construed
as references to a region, islands area or district, as the case
may be, including the electoral areas thereof and other places
therein .
Police .
1967 с. 77.
Miscellaneous functions
146.- (1) The Police ( Scotland ) Act 1967 shall be amended in
accordance with subsections ( 2) to ( 9) below.
( 2) For section 1(1) of that Act ( police areas) there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
66 (1) Subject to the provisions of any amalgamation
scheme, a police force shall be maintained for every region
and for every islands area, and the provisions of this
Act shall have effect in relation to any police force so
maintained and to the constables thereof."
( 3) In section 2(1) ( police authorities), for the words from the
beginning to " police authority " there shall be substituted the
words " For every police area which is a region, the regional
council, and for every police area which is an islands area the
islands council, shall be the police authority ".
( 4 ) Section 4( 3) of that Act (same person may be chief con-
stable of more than one police force ) shall cease to have effect
on 16th May 1975.
( 5 ) Section 18 of that Act ( jurisdiction of constables as respects
execution of warrants in border counties of England and
Scotland) shall be amended as follows-
( a ) in subsection ( 1) for the words from " Scotland " to
" Dumfries " there shall be substituted the words " any
one of the border regions of Scotland, that is to say,
the counties of Northumberland or Cumbria, or the
regions of the Borders or Dumfries and Galloway ",
and after the word " counties " or " county " wherever
it occurs there shall be inserted respectively the words
" or regions " or " or region " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2) for paragraph (b) there shall be sub-
stituted the following paragraph-
“ (b) references to the region of the Borders or
Dumfries and Galloway shall be construed as includ-
ing references to a combined area within the meaning
of this Act comprising either of those regions. "
( 6 ) In sections 20( 5) (power of Secretary of State to make
amalgamation schemes) and 29( 3) ( local inquiries ) of that Act,
for the reference to subsections (3) to (9) of section 355 of
the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 there shall be
substituted a reference to subsections (3) to (8) of section 210
of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .65
2005
( 7) After section 21 of that Act there shall be inserted the PART VIII
following section-
" Alteration
oflocal 21A.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, an
government amalgamation scheme may be approved or made
areas.
under this Act with respect to two or more police
areas-
( a ) to be established by the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973,
( b) which are proposed to be altered by an
order under section 17 of the Local Govern-
ment ( Scotland) Act 1973,
and subject to subsection (3) below, may be so
approved or made before the relevant date.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall make an
amalgamation scheme under this Act before the
relevant date for the police areas comprised in
each of the combined areas set out in the following
table-
Table
Combined
area
South -eastern
Northern
Police areas comprised
Borders and Lothian
Highland and the Islands Areas.
(3) A scheme under this section shall not come
into force before the relevant date except so far as it
relates to the constitution of the joint police com-
mittee and to the performance by that committee
of functions necessary for bringing the scheme into
full operation on that date.
( 4) In relation to an amalgamation scheme to be
approved or made by virtue of this section, sections
19, 20 and 21 of this Act shall apply subject to any
necessary modifications except that subsections (2)
to (5) of the said section 20 shall not apply where the
scheme is made by the Secretary of State before
16th May 1975 by virtue of subsection (2) above.
( 5) In this section " the relevant date " means, in
relation to an amalgamation scheme approved or
made as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection
( 1) or in subsection (2) above, 16th May 1975, and,
in relation to an amalgamation scheme approved or
made as mentioned in paragraph ( b) of subsection
(1) above, the date on which the order mentioned in
that paragraph comes into force. "
2006 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
1972 с. 11.
1948 с. 24.
( 8) For section 23 of that Act there shall be substituted the
following section-
" Chief
23.- (1 ) If the chief constable of a police force
constables
which ceases to exist in consequence of an amal-
affected by
amalgama- gamation scheme, or an order under section 216
tions or
of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973, is
local
not appointed as from the date when that police force
govern-
ceases to exist-
ment
reorganisa-
(a) chief constable of the new force, or
tions .
( b) constable of any rank in any other police
force which exists on that date,
he shall on that date become a constable of the new
force (or, if there is more than one new force
established by the amalgamation scheme or order,
of such one of them as may be provided by the
scheme or order) by virtue of this subsection.
(2) While a person is a constable of a police force
by virtue only of subsection ( 1) above he shall hold
the rank of assistant chief constable, but shall be
treated for the purposes of his pay, pension and
other conditions of service as if he had continued
to be chief constable of the force which ceased to
exist.
(3) A chief constable who becomes a constable
of a police force by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above
shall, subject to regulations under Part II of this
Act, cease to be a constable thereof at the expiration
of three months unless he has then accepted and
taken up an appointment in that force in some
other capacity.
(4) The provision to be made by regulations under
section 24 of the Superannuation Act 1972
or section 219 of the Local Government (Scotland)
Act 1973 with respect to the chief constable of a
police force who, after becoming a constable of
another police force by virtue of subsection ( 1 )
above, ceases to be a constable of that force without
having accepted and taken up an appointment in
that force in a capacity other than that of chief
constable shall, if he was the chief constable of a
police force on 15th May 1975, be not less favour-
able than any provision by way of pension that
would have been payable to or in respect of him by
virtue of the Police Pensions Act 1948 had the first-
mentioned police force been combined with another
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2007
force by an amalgamation scheme under the Police PART VIII
( Scotland ) Act 1956 and he had neither been trans- 1956 c. 26.
ferred to the combined force nor agreed to continue
to serve therein in a capacity other than that of chief
constable within three months ; and section 2( 1 )(b) of
the Police Pensions Act 1948 shall not apply to a 1948 с. 24.
constable who is first appointed a chief constable on
or after 16th May 1975 and who is affected by this
section.
(5) The relevant authority shall offer the chief
constable of a police force which ceases to exist on
16th May 1975 (other than a chief constable who
has been appointed the chief constable of a new
force) an appointment to take effect not later than
16th August 1975 at the rank of assistant chief
constable in the relevant new force.
(6) In this section-
' new force ' has the same meaning as it has
for the purposes of Schedule 2 to this
Act;
' relevant authority ' means the police authority
or, as the case may be, the joint police
committee responsible for the appointment
of the chief constable of the relevant new
force ;
' relevant new force ' means the new force to
which the majority of the constables of a
police force which ceases to exist on 16th
May 1975 are transferred . "
( 9) In section 51 (1) (general interpretation ), In the definition
of " amalgamation scheme " , for the words " or section 20
"
there shall be substituted the words " section 20 or section 21A " .
(10 ) Sections 24 and 25 of the said Act of 1967 and Schedule 2
thereto shall, subject to any necessary modifications, apply to
an order under section 215 of this Act as they apply to an
amalgamation scheme under that Act.
147.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of the Fire Services Act Fire services.
1947 as amended by this section, the fire authority for the 1947 c. 41 .
purposes of the Fire Services Acts 1947 to 1959 shall be a
regional or islands council.
( 2) For section 36( 3) (administration scheme) of the said Act
of 1947 there shall be substituted the following subsection-
66 ( 3) It shall be the duty of the councils of the regions
and islands areas comprised in either of the combined areas
set out in the Table at the end of this subsection to prepare
and submit to the Secretary of State, not later than 1st
January 1975 or such later date as the Secretary of State
2008 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII may in special circumstances allow, a scheme ( hereafter
referred to as an ' administration scheme ' ) for the provision
in the combined area of the services required by section 1
of this Act, and the Secretary of State may by order approve
any scheme so submitted to him.
Table
Combined
area
Regions and islands areas comprised
South -eastern
Borders and Lothian.
Northern
Highland and the Islands Areas. "
( 3) Not later than 1st January 1975 every new fire authority
shall prepare and submit to the Secretary of State for his
approval an establishment scheme for their area or combined
area under section 19 of the said Act of 1947 to come into
force on 16th May 1975, and the Secretary of State may approve
the scheme as submitted to him or subject to such modifications
as he may direct.
( 4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, every fire
authority, in respect of whose area or combined area the Secretary
of State has approved or made an administration scheme under
section 36 of the said Act of 1947, shall prepare and submit
to the Secretary of State for his approval an establishment scheme
for the combined area under the said section 19, and the Secretary
of State may approve the scheme as submitted to him or
subject to such modifications as he may direct.
( 5) The following further amendments shall be made to
section 36 of the said Act of 1947—
( a ) for any reference to counties and burghs or counties or
burghs there shall be substituted respectively refer-
ences to regions and islands areas or regions or islands
areas ;
"
( b) in subsection (2), the words between Secretary of
State" and for any reference to a combination
66
scheme " shall cease to have effect ;
( c) in subsection ( 6), for the words from the beginning to
66
subsection (3) of this section " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " If the councils of the regions and
islands areas comprised in one of the combined areas
set out in the Table at the end of subsection (3) of
this section fail to submit within the time limited by
that subsection " ;
( d ) in subsection (8) for the words " the areas specified
in the Fourth Schedule to this Act" there shall be
substituted the words " any area or combined area " ;
(e ) in subsection (15 ), in the substituted section 4, for the
words from the beginning to " or burgh " there shall
be substituted the words " Subject to the provisions
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2009
of this Act, as from 16th May 1975, the fire authority PART VIII
shall be a regional or islands council " ;
( f ) in subsection (19), for the words " (9) of section three
hundred and fifty- five of the Local Government ( Scot-
land ) Act 1947" there shall be substituted the words
66
(8) of section 210 of the Local Government (Scotland)
Act 1973 " .
( 6 ) In section 38( 1 ) of the said Act of 1947 ( interpretation),
after the definition of " appointed day" there shall be inserted
the following definition-
"" combined area ' , in relation to Scotland, means an area
for which a combined fire brigade is established by
an administration scheme under section 36 of this
Act; ".
( 7) Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1947 ( combined areas in
Scotland ) shall cease to have effect.
( 8) Section 7( 2) of the Fire Services Act 1959 (establishment 1959 c. 44.
schemes) shall cease to have effect.
148.-( 1 ) Regional water boards established under the Water Water.
(Scotland) Act 1967 are hereby dissolved and their functions are 1967 c. 78.
hereby transferred to water authorities.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, the water authority for any
area shall be the regional or islands council for that area.
( 3) For any area specified in column 1 of the following table
the water authority shall be the regional council specified in
relation to that area in column 2 of that table.
TABLE
Regional council to whose
limits of supply the area in
column 1 is to be added
2
Area
1
The whole of the former
County of Kinross. Fife
That part of the former
Counties of Stirling and Dun
barton which lies within both
the Strathclyde Region and the
region of the Mid- Scotland
Water Board. Central
2010 1967 с. 78.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
( 4) The area within which a water authority are to exercise
their functions by virtue of this section shall comprise the limits
of supply of that authority.
(5) Notwithstanding section 57 of this Act, where-
( a ) a water authority have arranged under section 56 of
this Act for the discharge of their functions relating
to water by a committee, and
( b) the limits of supply of that authority include an added
area,
then the members of that committee shall be appointed both
by that authority and by the other water authority ; and the
number of such members to be appointed by each of those
authorities shall be such number as may be agreed between
them or in default of agreement as the Secretary of State may
by order specify.
(6) A member of such a committee who represents the other
water authority shall not be entitled to exercise a deliberative
vote or to submit a motion or, except with the leave of the
committee, to take part in a discussion except in respect of a
matter relating solely or, in the opinion of the person presiding
at the meeting of the committee, mainly to the exercise of any
of the functions of the water authority of whose committee he
is a member.
(7) Where the limits of supply of a water authority include an
added area but the authority propose to make an arrangement
for the discharge of their functions relating to water other than
such an arrangement as is referred to in subsection (5) (a) above,
then the proposed arrangement shall require the consent of
the Secretary of State, who shall not give such consent unless
he is satisfied that the interests of the other water authority
will be adequately safeguarded by the proposed arrangement.
( 8) Schedule 17 to this Act shall have effect for making
amendments to the enactments relating to water.
( 9) In this section-
" added area " means an area specified in column 1 of the
table set out at the end of subsection (3) above or
in that column as amended or extended by an order
under section 5( 1) (d ) of the Water (Scotland) Act 1967 ;
" the other water authority " means the authority in whose
region the added area is situated.
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2011
149.-(1 ) The local weights and measures authority for the PART VIII
purposes of the Weights and Measures Act 1963 shall be a Local weights
regional or islands council ; and accordingly for section 36 of and measures
that Act there shall be substituted the following section-
authorities.
1963 с. 31.
" Local 36. In Scotland, the local weights and measures
weights and authority shall be a regional or islands council . "
measures
authorities
inScotland.
( 2) Without prejudice to the powers of local authorities under
Parts V and VI of this Act and under the Local Authorities 1970 c. 39.
( Goods and Services) Act 1970, section 37 of the Weights and 1963 с. 31 .
Measures Act 1963 (power for local weights and measures
authorities to combine) shall cease to have effect.
( 3) In section 39( 5) of the said Act of 1963 (inquiries) , for
the reference to subsections (2) to ( 9) of section 355 of the
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 there shall be substituted 1947 c. 43.
a reference to subsections (2) to (8) of section 210 of this Act.
( 4 ) Sections 40(2) and 47 of the said Act of 1963 ( compensa-
tion of officers and general administrative regulations) shall cease
to have effect .
( 5) Paragraph 5( 2) of Schedule 6 to the said Act (byelaws
relating to sale of solid fuel) shall have effect as if-
( a) for the words from " by the authority " to " measures
authority " there were substituted the words " by the
local weights and measures authority for the area where
they have effect " ;
(b) at the end there were added the following proviso-
66 Provided that where the byelaws have effect in
the areas of two or more local weights and measures
authorities , they may be revoked by any of the
authorities to the extent that they have effect in
their area, and when so revoked the byelaws shall
continue in force in any other area until revoked to
the extent that they have effect in that area . "
(6) A local weights and measures authority may make, or
assist in the making of, arrangements to provide advice to or
for the benefit of consumers of goods and services within the
area of the authority.
150.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of Schedule 18 to this Act, Public
all functions relating to transport under the enactments specified transport.
in that Schedule shall be exercised by regional or islands
councils and those enactments shall have effect subject to the
amendments specified in that Schedule.
2012 c. 65
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
1968 с. 73.
( 2 ) The Strathclyde Regional Council shall be the Passenger
Transport Authority for the Greater Glasgow Passenger Trans-
port Area for the purposes of Part II of the Transport Act 1968 ,
and accordingly the Greater Glasgow Passenger Transport
Authority established by virtue of the said Part II is hereby
dissolved and its property and functions transferred to the
Strathclyde Regional Council.
( 3) In consequence of subsection ( 2) above, the Secretary of
State may by order amend any local enactment or any order
made under Part II of the said Act of 1968 or any provision
of the said Part II in its application to the Greater Glasgow
Passenger Transport Area, being an area which has been desig-
nated for the purposes of that Part by an order under section
9(1) of that Act, and a statutory instrument containing such
an order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4) References in this section to the Greater Glasgow
Passenger Transport Area and the Greater Glasgow Passenger
Transport Authority include references to that Area or Authority
as varied by an order made under section 9 of the said Act of
1968.
1970 с. 24.
1968 с. 73.
( 5 ) In section 16(1) of the Finance Act 1970 ( exclusion of
amounts precepted under section 13 of the Transport Act 1968
and certain grants in computing profits chargeable to corporation
tax of a Passenger Transport Executive), for paragraph ( a) there
shall be substituted the following paragraph-
" (a) any grants made to Passenger Transport Executives
under section 13 of the Transport Act 1968 ; ” .
Co-operation 151.-(1 ) As respects any area of a local authority, other
and assistance than an area which has been designated for the purposes of
regarding
Part II of the Transport Act 1968 by an order under section
public
transport .
9( 1) of that Act, it shall be the duty-
(a) of the local authority, acting in consultation with persons
providing bus services within their area and, so far as
appropriate, with the Railways Board, to develop
policies which will promote the provision of a co-
ordinated and efficient system of public passenger
transport to meet the needs of their area and, for
that purpose, to take such steps to promote the co-
ordination, amalgamation and re- organisation of road
passenger transport undertakings in their area as
appear to the local authority to be desirable ; and
( b) of each of the persons providing bus services within such
an area and of the Railways Board to co -operate with
one another and the local authority concerned in the
exercise of their respective functions for the purpose of
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
2013
co - ordinating the passenger transport services within
PART VIII
the area and to afford to one another and to the local
authority such information as to proposed changes in
their services as may be reasonably required for that
purpose.
( 2 ) For the purpose of such co -operation as is referred to in
subsection ( 1)( b) above, the Railways Board and each of the
persons providing bus services as aforesaid shall have power
to enter into such arrangements with one another with respect
to the exercise and performance of their respective functions
on such terms as may appear to them to be expedient, including
arrangements for the establishment under the Companies Acts
of , and the transfer of assets to, one or more companies con-
trolled (severally or jointly ) by the parties to the arrangements.
( 3) A local authority may make grants towards any costs
incurred by persons carrying on public passenger transport
services (whether by land, water or air) wholly or partly in the
area of the authority.
( 4) A local authority may, in respect of any financial year-
( a ) make a contribution out of rates towards the expenditure
which they estimate they will incur in that year in
discharging functions relating to public passenger
transport services under any enactment or instrument
made thereunder ; and
(b) notwithstanding the provisions of any such enactment
or instrument, take into account the amount of such
contribution in fixing for that year the fares and charges
for the public passenger transport services in respect of
which the contribution is made.
ود
( 5) In this section " local authority means a regional or
islands council and other expressions have the same meaning 1968 c. 73 .
as in the Transport Act 1968 .
152. The functions of local authorities in relation to aero- Aerodromes.
dromes under the Civil Aviation Acts 1949 to 1971 shall be
transferred to regional, islands and district councils in accordance
with the amendments to those Acts set out in Part II of Schedule
27 to this Act.
153.-( 1 ) All rights which are presently vested in local authori- Ferries .
ties in relation to ferries, all functions relating thereto, and all
liabilities to which those authorities are subject in that con-
nection, are hereby transferred to the regional or islands council
within whose area the ferry is situated.
( 2) A regional or islands council or any two or more such
councils acting in combination may acquire, provide, maintain,
improve and operate any ferry situated wholly or partly within
their area or areas, but such a council or councils acting in
Part III K
2014 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
Piers and
Harbours.
combination may only exercise those powers as respects a ferry
situated partly within their area or areas and partly within the
area of another such council if the agreement of that other
council has first been obtained.
(3) A regional or islands council or any two or more such
councils acting in combination may
( a ) incur capital expenditure and borrow money for the
purposes of exercising their powers under subsection
( 2) above ;
(b) lease or hire a ferry to or from another person on such
conditions as they think fit ;
( c) enter into arrangements with another person for the
operation of a ferry by that person on their behalf ; and
( d ) from time to time fix fares and charges for the use of
any ferry operated by virtue of this section, and
adequate publicity as to those fares and charges shall
be given by them within their area.
( 4) If in any year the revenue received by a council, or by
two or more councils acting in combination, in respect of
a ferry operated by virtue of this section is insufficient to
defray the expenditure incurred in operating and maintaining
in an efficient state any such ferry and any sums required to
meet interest, sinking fund or other loan charges, the deficiency
shall be met out of rates by the council in whom the ferry
by
is vested, or in the case of a ferry vested in two or more
councils in combination, by those councils in such proportions
as may be fixed by the combination agreement.
( 5) In this section " ferry includes all rights pertaining
thereto (including rights of access) and all boats, vessels, landing
stages, plant and apparatus used in connection with the ferry,
but does not include a harbour transferred by virtue of section
154 of this Act.
154.-( 1 ) All rights which are presently vested in local authori-
ties in relation to harbours, piers, boatslips and jetties, all
functions relating thereto, and all liabilities to which those
authorities are subject in that connection, are hereby transferred
to the regional or islands council within whose area the harbour,
pier, boatslip or jetty is situated, and the enactments specified
in Schedule 19 to this Act shall have effect subject to the
amendments set out in that Schedule.
(2) Where a harbour is situated partly within the area of one
regional council and partly within the area of another regional
council, all such rights, functions and liabilities as aforesaid shall
be transferred to those councils jointly.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с. 65
2015
(3) A regional or islands council or any two or more such
PART VIII
councils acting in combination may acquire by agreement, or,
if so authorised by the Secretary of State, may acquire
compulsorily-
( a ) land for the purpose of constructing, re-constructing,
extending or improving a marine work ;
(b) any harbour whose acquisition is considered by the
council to be desirable in the interests of their area
and
( i ) whose maintenance is to be discontinued by
its owner, or
(ii) which is considered by the council to be in
a poor state of repair,
and sections 70(2) to (5) and 71 (3) and (4) of this Act shall apply
respectively to acquisition by agreement or compulsorily under
this subsection as they apply for the purposes of those sections .
( 4 ) If a local authority so elects and notifies the Secretary
of State accordingly, Part III of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries 1937 c . 28.
( Scotland ) Act 1937 shall apply to any harbour transferred to
or acquired by them under this section which is not a marine
work as if it were a marine work.
(5) A local authority may make loans to a harbour authority
for a harbour wholly or partly situated within their area, on
such terms as may be agreed between the local authority and
the harbour authority, for the purpose of enabling the harbour
authority to do anything which they have power to do.
( 6) Where provisions of the Harbours, Docks and Piers 1847 c. 27 .
Clauses Act 1847 have been incorporated with any enactment,
the amendments made by this Act in that Act shall be so
incorporated.
( 7) In this section " harbour authority " and " marine work
"
have the same meanings as in section 57( 1 ) of the Harbours Act 1964 с. 40.
1964 and so has " harbour " except that it does not include a
ferry within the meaning of section 153(5) of this Act.
155.-( 1 ) The district council for the purposes of the Factories Factories.
Act 1961 shall be an islands or a district council and accordingly 1961 c. 34.
in section 176(1) of that Act (interpretation ), in the definition
of " district council ", for the words from " the Council of
a county " onwards there shall be substituted the words " an
islands or a district council ".
Part III K 2
2016 c.65
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973
PART VIII
Offices, shops
and railway
premises.
1963 с. 41 .
The Shops
Act 1950.
1950 с. 28.
Food and
drugs .
1956 с. 30.
( 2) In section 46(6) ( bye -laws), for the words " 301 to 303
"
there shall be substituted the words " 201 to 204 " and for the
word " 1947 ", where it twice occurs, there shall be substituted
the word " 1973 " .
(3) In section 47( 1) (means of escape) , the word " either " and
the words from " or, where " to the end shall cease to have effect.
( 4 ) In section 94( 3) (annual holidays) , the words " in burghs
shall cease to have effect, and for the word " town " there shall
be substituted the word " district ".
( 5) In section 153 (3) (provisions as to councils) , the words " a
county council and " shall cease to have effect.
( 6 ) Section 181(3) ( definition of " district council " for certain
purposes), shall cease to have effect.
(7) In section 182 (application to Scotland) , subsection (2)
shall cease to have effect, and in subsection (9) for the words
66
county and town " there shall be substituted the words " islands
and district ".
156.-( 1 ) The local authority responsible for enforcing the
provisions of the Offices, Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963
shall be an islands or a district council, and accordingly in
section 90( 1 ) of that Act (interpretation), in the definition of
" local authority " for the words " the council of a county or
onwards there shall be substituted the words 66
an islands or
district council and in section 52(3) of this Act includes a regional
council ".
( 2) In section 52( 3) of that Act ( enforcement authorities),
paragraph (a) and in paragraph ( c ) , the words " the council of
a county " shall cease to have effect .
( 3) In section 62( 3) ( local inquiries), for the words from " (3) "
to " 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " (2) to (8) of
section 210 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
157. The local authority responsible for enforcing the pro-
visions of the Shops Act 1950 shall be an islands council or, as
the case may be, a district council, and accordingly in section
73( 4 ) of that Act ( local authorities), for the words " a county or
" 66
town there shall be substituted the words an islands or
a district ".
158.-( 1) It shall be the duty of the authorities specified in the
first column of the Table below to enforce and execute the
provisions of the Food and Drugs ( Scotland ) Act 1956 which
are specified in relation to them respectively in the second
column of that Table.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2017
TABLE
PART VIII
Authorities
Provisions to be enforced
and executed
Regional and islands councils
( a ) Sections 1, 2 and 6;
( b ) Section 18 .
Islands and district councils
( a ) Sections 8 to 11 ;
( b) Section 12;
( c ) Sections 14 and 15;
( d ) Section 17;
( e ) Section 19;
( f ) Section 24;
( g) Section 34;
( h) Section 38.
( 2 ) Notwithstanding subsection (1) above, a district council
may execute and enforce the provisions of section 2 of the said
Act of 1956 if the offence alleged relates to food which is alleged
to contain some extraneous matter.
159. Regional, islands and district councils shall not require Employers
to effect any insurance under the Employers Liability ( Com- liability .
pulsory Insurance) Act 1969, and accordingly in section 3( 2) 1969 c. 57.
of that Act (employers exempted from insurance), for the words
"county, town " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands".
160. The local authority for the purposes of Part I of the Employment
Young Persons ( Employment ) Act 1938 shall be an islands ofyoung
council or a district council ; and accordingly in section 10 ( 2) persons.
of that Act (application to Scotland) for the words from “ the 1938 c . 69 .
county council " to
66 or a town council " there shall be sub-
stituted the words66
an islands council or a district council,
and any expenses incurred by the council " .
161.-( 1 ) For the purposes of the Social Work (Scotland) Social work.
Acts 1968 and 1972, the local authority shall be a regional or
islands council.
( 2 ) In relation to the discharge by a local authority of their
social work functions, Schedule 20 to this Act shall have effect
in place of subsections (1) to (5) and ( 10) of section 56 and
section 57 of this Act, and references in the remaining provisions
of section 56 to that section shall include references to that
Schedule.
Part III K3
2018 c.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART VIII
1968 с. 49.
(3) Where a local authority have made an arrangement under
Schedule 20 to this Act for the discharge by their social work
committee of any of their social work functions, that function
shall not, during the subsistence of such arrangement, stand
referred to that committee under section 2 of the Act of 1968,
and the committee may themselves discharge the function in
accordance with the arrangement.
( 4) Paragraphs 2, 7, 8 and 9 of Schedule 20 to this Act shall ,
subject to any necessary modifications, apply in relation to a
social work committee and to the standing reference of functions
to that committee under section 2 of the Act of 1968 as they apply
in relation to the discharge of functions by arrangements made in
accordance with that Schedule .
( 5 ) The number of members of a social work committee and
their term of office shall be fixed by the appointing authority.
(6) A social work committee may, subject to section 59 of
this Act, include persons who are not members of the appointing
authority, but at least two- thirds of the members appointed to
the committee shall be members of that authority.
( 7) Every member of a social work committee who at the
time of his appointment was a member of the appointing
authority shall, upon ceasing to be a member of that authority,
also cease to be a member of the committee and of any sub-
committee thereof ; but for the purposes of this subsection a
member of a social work committee shall not be deemed to
have ceased to be a member of the authority by reason of retire
ment if he has been re- elected a member thereof not later than
the day of his retirement .
(8) Sections 58 and 68 of this Act shall apply in relation to a
joint committee appointed under Schedule 20 to this Act as they
apply in relation to a joint committee appointed under Part V
of this Act.
(9) This section shall be without prejudice to the provisions
of Schedule 3 to the Act of 1968 relating to Children's Panel
Advisory Committees.
(10) In this section-
(a) " social work committee means a committee appointed
under section 2(1) of the Act of 1968 ;
(b) " social work functions " means the functions referred
to in section 2(2) of the Act of 1968 ;
(c) " the Act of 1968 "
means the Social Work (Scotland)
Act 1968.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2019
162.-( 1 ) The functions of local authorities under the Physical
PART VIII
Training and Recreation Acts 1937 and 1958 shall be exercisable Physical
by local authorities within the meaning of this Act and accord- training and
ingly in section 10( 4) of the Physical Training and Recreation recreation.
Act 1937 (application to Scotland), for the words " town, 1937 c. 46.
county " there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands ". 1958 c. 36.
( 2) Regional councils shall have a duty, in consultation with
district councils within their region, to ensure that there is an
adequate provision of facilities for the inhabitants of their region
for the purposes of the said Acts of 1937 and 1958 .
163.-(1 ) The local authority for the purposes of the Public Public
Libraries (Scotland) Acts 1887 to 1955 in their application to libraries,
libraries shall be an islands or district council, except that within museums and
art galleries.
the Highland, Borders and Dumfries and Galloway regions such
authority shall be the appropriate regional council.
(2) A local authority as aforesaid shall have a duty to secure
the provision of adequate library facilities for all persons
resident in their area .
(3) The local authority for the purposes of the Public Libraries 1887 c. 42.
Consolidation (Scotland ) Act 1887 in its application to museums
and art galleries shall be a local authority within the meaning
of this Act, but each regional council shall have a duty, in con-
sultation with district councils within their region, to ensure that
there is an adequate provision of facilities for the purposes of the
said Act in that application for the inhabitants of their region .
(4) Schedule 21 to this Act shall have effect for making
amendments to the enactments relating to public libraries ,
museums and art galleries .
164. The civic restaurant authority for the purposes of the Civic
Civic Restaurants Act 1947 shall be an islands or district restaurants
council. 1947 с. 22.
165. The functions of river purification boards under the Spray
Spray Irrigation ( Scotland ) Act 1964 shall be exercisable by irrigation.
river purification authorities, and accordingly in that Act, for 1964 c. 90.
the words " board " and " boards ", wherever they occur, there
shall be substituted respectively the words " authority " and
" authorities ".
Part III K4
2020 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART VIII
166.-( 1 ) The local registration authority for any registration
Registration ofbirths,
district for the purposes of the Registration of Births, Deaths
and Marriages (Scotland) Act 1965 shall be the regional or
deaths and
islands council within whose area the registration office for the
marriages.
1965 с. 49.
registration district concerned is located immediately before
the commencement of this Act.
( 2) Accordingly the following amendments shall be made in
thatAct-
( a) in section 5( 3) (authority for registration districts), for
the words from " responsible " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " ascertained in accordance with
section 166 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act
1973 " ;
( b) in section 6( 4) (local inquiries), for the words from
" subsections " to " 1947 " there shall be substituted
the words " subsections (2) to (8) of section 210 of
the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " ;
( c ) in section 8(5) (custody of keys), the words from
“ by their " to " town clerk " shall cease to have
effect;
( d ) in section 9(2) (combination of local authorities), for
the words from " section ", where last occurring, to
" 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " sections
56 to 58 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act
1973 " ;
( e) for section 15( 4) (finding of infant children), there shall
be substituted the following subsection-
"( 4 ) In this section " local authority " means a
regional or islands council. " ;
( f ) in section 56( 1) (interpretation ), the definition of " local
authority " shall cease to have effect.
Authorised
registrars.
1939 с. 34 .
167. The Registrar General shall consult with local authori-
ties as to the number of registrars required for their areas under
the Marriage ( Scotland) Act 1939, and accordingly in section
"
1( 6 ) of that Act (authorised registrars ) , for the words from at
least" to county councils " there shall be substituted the
words " such number of registrars as he may, after consulta-
tion with the local authorities,", and in section 7 ( interpretation) ,
for the words from " the expressions " to " 1929 " there shall
be substituted the words " " local authorities " means regional
or islands councils ; " .
Census.
1920 с. 41.
168. The local authorities for the purposes of the Census Act
1920, including section 6 of that Act, shall be local authorities
within the meaning of this Act , and accordingly for section
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
9( 2) of that Act (application to Scotland), there shall be sub- stituted the following subsection-
" (2) " local authority " means a regional, islands or district
council ; ".
2021
PART VIII
169.-( 1) The functions of councils under the Burial Grounds Burial
( Scotland) Act 1855 and the Cremation Acts 1902 and 1952 grounds,
shall be transferred to and vest in islands or district councils. churchyards etc.
( 2) The functions of councils under the Church of Scotland 1855 c. 68.
( Property and Endowments) Acts 1925 and 1933 shall be trans-
ferred to and vest in islands and district councils in accordance
with the amendments to those Acts set out in Part II of Schedule
27 to this Act.
170.-( 1 ) The local authority for the purposes of the War War
Memorials (Local Authorities' Powers) Act 1923 as extended to memorials.
Scotland by section 133(3) of the Local Government Act 1948 1923 c. 18.
shall be a local authority within the meaning of this Act ; and 1948 c. 26.
the powers conferred on a local authority by section 1 of the
said Act of 1923 as so extended with regard to war memorials
shall apply to any war memorial outside as well as within
their area.
(2) In consequence of subsection ( 1) above the said section
133(3) shall have effect as if-
( a ) after the word " modifications " there were inserted the
following head-
66 (ia ) in section 1, for the words " within their
district" there shall be substituted the words
" whether within or outside their area " ;
( b) for head (ii) there were substituted the following
head-
" "
(ii) " local authority means a regional, islands
or district council. "
171.-( 1) For the purposes of the following enactments the Miscellaneous
local authority shall be a regional or islands council- functions, etc.
( a ) section 10 of the Riotous Assemblies ( Scotland ) Act 1822 с. 33.
1822 (compensation for damage by riot) ;
( b) section 10 of the Protection of Birds Act 1967 (publi- 1967 c. 46.
cising of effect of Protection of Birds Acts) ;
(c) section 67 of the Agriculture Act 1970 (enforcement of 1970 c. 40.
standards for fertilisers and feedingstuffs) .
2022 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART VIII
1954 с. 30
1949 с. 47.
(2) For the purposes of section 13 of the Protection of Birds
Act 1954 (orders) the administrative area shall be the region,
islands area or district.
( 3) For the purposes of section 15 of the Finance Act 1949
(transfer of duties on moneylenders' and pawnbrokers' licences)
the local authority shall be an islands or district council.
Planning
authorities.
1972 с. 52 .
PART IX
PLANNING
Planning authorities and plans
172.-( 1 ) The planning authority for the purposes of the Act
of 1972 and this Part of this Act shall be-
( a) in the case of regional planning functions, a general plan-
ning authority or a regional planning authority ; and
( b ) in the case of district planning functions, a general
planning authority or a district planning authority,
and the district of the planning authority shall be the region,
islands area or the district, as the case may be.
( 2 ) In the term " local planning authority ", wherever it occurs
in any enactment or instrument made under an enactment, the
word " local " shall be omitted.
( 3) In any enactment or instrument made under an enact-
ment, a reference to a planning authority shall, unless otherwise
provided, be construed as a reference to a general planning
authority and to a district planning authority .
( 4 ) In this Part of this Act-
" the Act of 1972 " means the Town and Country Planning
( Scotland ) Act 1972 ;
" regional planning functions " are those described in Part I
of Schedule 22 to this Act together with those conferred
on general or regional planning authorities by this Part
of this Act ;
“ district planning functions " are those described as such in
Part II of that Schedule or in this Part of this Act,
together with those conferred on general or district
planning authorities by this Part of this Act ;
" general planning authority " means the council of the
Highland region, the Borders region or the Dumfries
and Galloway region or of an islands area ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
regional planning authority " means the council of any
other region ;
"
district planning authority " means a district council within
the region of a regional planning authority .
PART IX
173.-( 1 ) A general or regional planning authority may, in Regional
advance of the submission of a structure plan to the Secretary reports.
of State, or at any time thereafter, prepare and submit to the
Secretary of State a report on their district in accordance with
the provisions of this section.
( 2 ) If so directed by the Secretary of State, a general or
regional planning authority shall submit such a report to him
within a period specified in the direction .
( 3) The report shall be based on the survey mentioned in
section 4 of the Act of 1972, or any part of that survey, or on
material prepared for that survey or part, and shall consist of
planning policy proposals for the district of the authority as a
whole or any part of it , as respects the matters mentioned in
section 5(3) of that Act, having regard to the requirements of
section 5(4) of that Act.
( 4) Before submitting the report to the Secretary of State, a
regional planning authority shall consult every district planning
authority within their region, and every other planning
authority who are likely to be affected by the report, and at the
same time as the regional planning authority submit the report
to the Secretary of State they shall send a copy of the report
to every such planning authority.
( 5) The Secretary of State shall make observations on each
report submitted to him under this section and shall transmit
those observations to all planning authorities to whom a copy of
the report was sent under subsection ( 4) above, and the general
or regional planning authority concerned shall publish within
their district the report together with the observations of the
Secretary of State.
(6) In the event of the failure of a general or regional planning
authority to submit to him a report under this section, the
Secretary of State may himself prepare and publish such a report,
and any expenses certified by him as having been incurred in
so doing shall on demand be repaid by the authority concerned
to the Secretary of State.
( 7) All planning authorities shall, in the exercise of their
functions as such, have regard to any report and observations
made under this section which affect or are likely to affect them.
174.-( 1 ) A structure plan submitted to the Secretary of State Structure
under section 5(1) of the Act of 1972 may consist of a series plans.
of plans relating to different parts of the district of a planning
2023
2024 1971 с. 62 .
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IX Amendment
ofprovisions relating to
approval of
structure
and local
plans by
Secretary
ofState.
authority, and may, if the Secretary of State agrees, on applica-
tion made to him to that effect by a planning authority, relate
to part only of the district of the authority, in which case refer-
ences in Part II of the Act of 1972 and in this Part of this Act
to such a district shall, in relation to a structure plan, be
construed as including references to part of that district.
( 2 ) Before submitting a structure plan or proposals for altera-
tion thereof to the Secretary of State, a regional planning
authority shall consult every planning authority who are likely
to be affected by the plan or proposals.
175.-( 1 ) The following provisions shall be substituted for sub-
sections (3 ) and (4) of section 7 of the Act of 1972 ( which specify
the duties and powers of the Secretary of State in considering
any structure plan submitted for his approval and, in particular
require him to consider any objections to the plan and to afford
ahearing to the persons making them ) -
" (3) Where on taking any such plan into consideration
the Secretary of State does not determine then to reject it,
he shall, before determining whether or not to approve it--
( a) consider any objections to the plan, so far as they
are made in accordance with regulations under
this Part of this Act, and
( b) cause a person or persons appointed by him for
the purpose to hold an examination in public
of such matters affecting his consideration of the
plan as he considers ought to be so examined.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations with
respect to the procedure to be followed at any examination
under subsection (3) of this section.
( 5) The Secretary of State shall not be required to secure
to any planning authority or other person a right to be
heard at any examination under the said subsection (3),
and the bodies and persons who may take part therein
shall be such only as he may, whether before or during
the course of the examination, in his discretion invite to
do so:
Provided that the person or persons holding the examina-
tion shall have power, exercisable either before or during
the course of the examination, to invite additional bodies
or persons to take part therein if it appears to him or them
desirable to do so.
(6 ) An examination under subsection ( 3)(b) of this section
shall constitute a statutory inquiry for the purposes of
section 1 ( 1) (c) of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 ,
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2025
but shall not constitute such an inquiry for any other
purpose of that Act.
( 7 ) On considering a structure plan the Secretary of State
may consult with, or consider the views of, any planning
authority or other person, but shall not be under any
obligation to do so.
( 8) On exercising his powers under subsection ( 1) of this
section in relation to any structure plan, the Secretary of
State shall give such statement as he considers appropriate
of the reasons governing his decision. "
( 2 ) For the purpose of preserving the existing law in relation
to local plans, the following subsection shall be substituted for
subsection (4) of section 12 of the Act of 1972 ( which, amongst
other things, applies section 7 of that Act with modifications
where the Secretary of State has directed that a local plan shall
not have effect unless approved by him)—
66 ( 4 ) Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under
subsection (3) of this section, the planning authority shall
submit the plan accordingly to him for his approval, and-
(a) the Secretary of State may, after considering the
plan, either approve it (in whole or in part and
with or without modifications or reservations) or
reject it ;
( b) in considering the plan, the Secretary of State may
take into account any matters which he thinks are
relevant, whether or not they were taken into
account in the plan as submitted to him ;
( c ) subject to paragraph (d ) of this subsection, where
on taking the plan into consideration the Secre-
tary of State does not determine then to reject it,
he shall, before determining whether or not to
approve it-
( i) consider any objections to the plan, so
far as they are made in accordance with regula-
tions under this Part of this Act ;
( ii) afford to any persons whose objections
so made are not withdrawn an opportunity of
appearing before, and being heard by, a person
appointed by him for the purpose ; and
(iii ) if a local inquiry or other hearing is held,
also afford the like opportunity to the authority
and such other persons as he thinks fit ;
( d ) before deciding whether or not to approve the
plan the Secretary of State shall consider any
objections thereto which have been considered by
PART IX
2026 с.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART IX
Local plans.
the authority, but he shall not be obliged to cause
an inquiry or other hearing to be held into the
plan if any such inquiry or hearing has already
been held at the instance of the authority ;
( e) without prejudice to paragraph (c) of this subsection,
on considering the plan the Secretary of State
may consult with, or consider the views of, any
planning authority or other persons, but shall not
be under an obligation to consult with, or consider
the views of, any other authority or persons, or
except as provided by that paragraph, to afford an
opportunity for the making of any objections
or other representations, or to cause any local
inquiry or other hearing to be held ; and
( f ) after the giving of the direction the authority shall
have no further power or duty to hold a local
inquiry or other hearing under section 11 of this
Act in connection with the plan." .
( 3) In consequence of subsection (2) above, in section 13(3 )
of the Act of 1972 the words from " but as if " to the end are
hereby repealed.
176.-( 1 ) Every general and district planning authority shall,
as soon as practicable, prepare local plans for all parts of their
district and accordingly subsections ( 1) and ( 2 ) of section 9
of the Act of 1972 (preparation of local plans ) shall cease to
have effect.
(2 ) A district planning authority shall submit a copy of their
proposals for a local plan or for the alteration, repeal or replace-
ment of a local plan to the regional planning authority for their
region.
( 3) A district planning authority shall not prepare a local
plan for a part of their district before a structure plan has been
approved in relation to that part unless they have first applied
for and obtained the consent of their regional planning authority
to that effect, and such consent may be withheld or withdrawn
where a structure plan is in course of preparation or any
decision is likely to be taken shortly by any authority and that
plan or decision is likely to have a substantial effect on the
contents of the local plan, but otherwise such consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld.
( 4 ) Consent under subsection (3) above shall be deemed to
have been given unless that consent has been refused within 3
months of the application for consent.
( 5 ) Any question as to whether consent under subsection (3)
above has been unreasonably withheld may be referred by
the district planning authority to the Secretary of State, whose
decision in the matter shall be final.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2027
(6) Subject to any directions which the Secretary of State may
PART IX
give, a general planning authority may prepare a local plan
for a part of their district before a structure plan has taken effect
in relation to that part.
177.-( 1 ) A regional planning authority may assume the func- Reserve
tions of a district planning authority within their district in powers of
relation to the preparation and making of a local plan if in their regional
opinion- planning authorities
( a ) a local plan is urgently required to implement the regarding
provisions of an approved structure plan and the local plans.
district planning authority concerned have failed to
adopt an appropriate local plan ; or
(b) the district of more than one district planning authority
is likely to be affected by the local plan in question ; or
(c ) the local plan does not conform to a structure plan
approved by the Secretary of State ; or
( d ) the implementation of the local plan will render unlikely
the implementation of any other local plan relating to
their district.
This subsection applies to the alteration , repeal or replacement
of a local plan as it applies to the preparation and making of a
local plan.
( 2) Where under subsection ( 1) above a regional planning
authority assume the functions of a district planning authority,
the provisions of the Act of 1972 and of any instruments made
thereunder in relation to local plans shall, with any necessary
modifications, apply to the regional planning authority as they
apply to the district planning authority concerned.
(3) Where a regional planning authority proposes to assume
functions under subsection ( 1) above, the district planning
authority concerned may appeal to the Secretary of State against
the proposal and the decision of the Secretary of State in the
matter shall be final.
(4) The Secretary of State may determine matters arising
under section 176(5) of this Act or under subsection (3) above
on the basis of written submissions submitted to him by the
authority concerned within such period as he may stipulate,
and of such consultations with those authorities, whether
together or separately, as he thinks fit, and the Secretary of
State shall not be under any obligation to consult any other
authority or person, or to afford any opportunity for further
objections or representations, or to cause any further local
inquiry or other hearing to be held.
2028 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IX
The
countryside .
1967 с. 86.
Reference of
applications
to regional
planning authority.
Appeals
against planning
decisions.
178.-( 1 ) The local authority for the purposes of the Country-
side (Scotland) Act 1967 shall be a regional, islands or district
council, and the planning authority for the purposes of that Act
shall be a general, regional or district planning authority.
(2) (a) Regional planning authorities shall have a duty, in
consultation with district planning authorities within
their district, and
( b) regional councils shall have a duty, in consultation with
district councils within their region,
to ensure that there is an adequate provision of facilities for the
inhabitants of their region under the said Act of 1967 .
Development control
179.-( 1 ) A regional planning authority shall, in relation to
district planning authorities within their district , have the same
powers as are conferred on the Secretary of State by subsections
(1) to (5) of section 32 of the Act of 1972 where-
( a) the proposed development does not conform to a
structure plan approved by the Secretary of State ; or
( b ) the proposed development raises a new planning issue
of general significance to the district of the regional
planning authority ; and
( c) the application concerned is not subject to a direction
given by the Secretary of State under the said section
32 .
(2 ) A district planning authority may appeal to the Secretary
of State against any directions given to them by virtue of this
section, and the Secretary of State, whose decision shall be final ,
may determine the appeal in accordance with section 177(4) of
this Act.
180. Where an appeal is made to the Secretary of State under
section 33 of the Act of 1972 ( appeals against planning decisions)
the applicant shall, at the same time as he serves notice under
subsection ( 2) of that section, serve a copy of the notice on the
regional planning authority concerned, and that authority may
take part in the appeal proceedings whether by way of written
submissions, or participating in any inquiry, or otherwise.
Powers of
181.-( 1) Where a district planning authority propose to make
regional
an order under section 42 or 49 of the Act of 1972 (revocation
planning
authorities
etc. of planning permission and discontinuance of use, or altera-
regarding
tion or removal of buildings or works), they shall give notice
orders, under of the proposals to their regional planning authority who may
section 42 or
49 ofAct of make representations or objections as respects the proposed
order to the Secretary of State.
1972.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2029
( 2) Where, after consultation with the district planning
PART IX
authority concerned, a regional planning authority are of the
opinion that a structure plan approved by the Secretary
of State would be materially prejudiced if such an order as
aforesaid were not made, they may themselves make such an
order, and in relation to that order the provisions of the said
section 42 or 49 shall, with any necessary modifications, apply
to the regional planning authority as they apply to the district
planning authority concerned.
Miscellaneous
182.-( 1 ) The functions of local authorities under the Ancient Miscellaneous
Monuments Acts 1913 and 1931 shall be district planning func- planning
functions.
tions, and the references in those Acts to a borough or to a 1913 с. 32.
district or the council thereof shall be construed accordingly . 1931 c .16 .
(2) The functions of local authorities under Part I (except
section 24) of the Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960 с. 62.
1960 (caravan sites) shall be functions of islands and district
councils and under the said section 24 shall be functions of
regional, islands or district councils and regional or district
planning functions .
(3) The functions of planning authorities under section 9 of,
and Schedule 3 to, the Town and Country Planning (Amend- 1972 с. 42.
ment) Act 1972 shall be district planning functions .
183.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may from time to time Directions
direct a general or district planning authority to submit to him relating to
for his approval within a period specified in the direction the specialist
advice.arrangements which the authority propose to make to obtain
specialist advice in connection with their functions-
(a ) under sections 53, 54, 56, 92 or 95 of, or Schedule 10
to, the Act of 1972 (listed buildings) ;
( b) under section 262 of that Act (designation of conserva-
tion areas) ; or
(c) under section 9 of the Town and Country Planning
( Amendment) Act 1972 (control of demolition in
conservation areas) .
(2) If the Secretary of State is not satisfied about any arrange-
ments mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, he may, after consulta-
tion with the general or district planning authority and any other
authority concerned, -
(a) direct the general or district planning authority and
another planning authority specified in the direction to
enter into an agreement under section 65 of this Act
for the placing at the disposal of the former, for the
purpose of giving them any such specialist advice as is
2030 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART IX
mentioned in that subsection, of the services of officers
employed by the latter who are qualified to give such
advice ; or
( b) direct the general or district planning authority and
another planning authority so specified to enter into
arrangements for the discharge by the latter of any of
the functions mentioned in that subsection and also
direct that the arrangements shall contain terms so
specified or terms on lines laid down by him.
Amendment
184. The enactments mentioned in Schedule 23 to this Act
ofenactments relating to
being enactments relating to planning, new towns and kindred
matters , shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in
planning etc
that Schedule.
Licensing
courts and
courts of
appeal.
1959 с 51.
PART X
LICENSING, ETC.
Licensing Courts and Courts of Appeal
185. For sections 1 to 5 of the Licensing (Scotland ) Act 1959
there shall be substituted the following sections: -
" Licensing
1.- ( 1) There shall be a separate licensing court
courts.
for-
Com-
position of
licensing
courts.
( a) each islands area and district , not being such
an area which has been divided into licens-
ing divisions under subsection ( 2) of this
section, and
( b) each licensing division .
( 2) The council of any islands area or district
may from time to time determine whether their
area shall be divided into divisions ( in this Act re-
ferred to as 66
licensing divisions ") for the purpose
of this Act, and such a council shall, on making a
determination under this subsection, forthwith notify
the Secretary of State of such determination and
shall cause particulars thereof to be published in two
successive weeks in one or more newspapers
circulating in their area .
2. A licensing court shall consist-
( a ) as to one half, of justices of the peace for the
area which constitutes or includes the area
of the court who reside in the islands area
or district which constitutes or ( in the case
of an area divided into licensing divisions)
which includes the area of the court ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
(b ) as to one half, of councillors for the islands
area or district whose area constitutes or
includes the area of the court ;
and the court shall, according to the population of the
licensing area ascertained in accordance with section
31 of this Act, consist of such number of members
as is determined by reference to the scale set out in
Schedule 1 to this Act.
Courts of
appeal.
3.-( 1) For the purpose of hearing appeals from
licensing courts and applications for the confirma-
tion of new certificates under this Act there shall be
courts (in this Act referred to as 66
courts of appeal ")
constituted as provided in section 4 of this Act.
(2) There shall be a separate court in each islands
area and district, which shall be the court of appeal
from the licensing court for that area or, where that
area is divided into licensing divisions, from the
licensing courts for all such divisions .
Com-
position ofcourts
ofappeal.
4. A court of appeal shall consist as to one half
of justices of the peace for the area which comprises
the area of the court who reside in the area of the
court, and as to one half of councillors for the
islands area or district whose area constitutes
the area of the court, and the court shall be so
constituted that it contains three more justices and
three more councillors than the licensing court for
the same area or for the most populous licensing
division within that area, as the case may be.
Election
5.- ( 1 ) The members of licensing courts and
and term
ofoffice of
courts of appeal holding office immediately before
members of 16th May 1975 shall cease to hold office on that date,
licensing
and the new courts shall be formed in accordance
courts and
with the following provisions of this section.
courts of
appeal. ( 2 ) The members of a licensing court or court of
appeal being councillors shall be elected, in the case
of courts to be formed on 16th May 1975, by the
islands or district council whose area constitutes or
includes the area of the court at a meeting of that
council to be held on a date between 16th April
1975 and 15th May 1975 to be determined by the
council, and, in the case of subsequent elections, at
the first meeting of the said council held after the
next ordinary election of that council.
( 3) The members of a licensing court or court of
appeal being justices of the peace shall be elected,
in the case of courts to be formed on 16th May 1975 ,
at a meeting of the justices for the area which com-
prises the area of the court to be held on the same
2031
PART X
2032 c.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PARTX day and at the same place as the meeting first referred
to in subsection (2 ) above of the islands or district
council whose area constitutes or includes the area of
the court, and, in the case of subsequent such elec-
tions, at a meeting of the said justices to be held on
the same day and at the same place as the first
meeting of the said council held after the next
ordinary election of that council .
( 4) The term of office of the members of a licensing
court or court of appeal, being justices of the peace
or councillors, shall, in the case of members elected
at the meetings held in terms of subsections (2) and
( 3) above between 16th April 1975 and 15th May
1975, begin on 16th May 1975, and in any other
case shall begin on the day of their election (as pro-
vided in those subsections) and in every case shall end
on the day of the next election of members of the
court.
(5) Notwithstanding any enactment providing that
a member of a court appointed by a local authority
shall cease to be a member of the court on ceasing
to be a member of the local authority, a member of a
licensing court or court of appeal who was appointed
by a local authority and who has ceased to be a
member of the authority by reason of an ordinary
election to the council of that authority shall continue
to be a member of the court until the first meeting of
the council after the election.
( 6 ) At a meeting of justices of the peace to elect
representatives from their own number to a licensing
court or court of appeal, a justice who does not
reside in the area of an islands or district council
shall not be entitled to vote or to submit a motion
or, except with the leave of the meeting, to take part
in a discussion in connection with such an election
to-
( a ) the licensing court for that area or, where
the area is divided into licensing divisions,
the licensing court for any such division, or
( b) the court of appeal for that area. "
Transitional 186.-(1) The Secretary of State shall not make any order
and minor and under section 31 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 (supple-
consequential mentary and local provisions) as that section had effect
amendments
ofLicensing
immediately before the passing of this Act ; and no alteration
( Scotland )
shall be made in any licensing court or court of appeal by
Acts .
reason of any increase or decrease of population until those
1959 с. 51 .
courts are reconstituted in terms of the said Act of 1959 as
amended by subsequent enactments (including this Act).
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2033
( 2 ) The Licensing (Scotland) Acts 1959 to 1969 shall have
effect subject to the minor and consequential modifications and
amendments set out in Part I of Schedule 24 to this Act.
PART X
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries
187. The provisions of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act Authorities
1963 and of the Gaming Act 1968 relating to the authorities for for purposes
ofbetting,
the purposes of permits, licences and registration under those gaming and
Acts shall have effect subject to the modifications and amend- lotteries, etc.
ments set out in Part II of Schedule 24 to this Act. 1963 с. 2.
1968 с. 65.
Miscellaneous licensing, registration and related matters
188.-( 1 ) The local authority for the purposes of the War Miscellaneous
Charities Act 1940 (registration authority for war charities) and licensing,
registration
the Poisons Act 1972 (local authority's list of persons entitled to and related
sell poisons) shall be a regional or islands council.
matters.
1940 с. 31.
( 2 ) The local authority for the purposes of the Vehicle and
Driving Licences Act 1969 shall be a regional, islands or district
1972 с. 66.
1969 с. 27.
council.
( 3) For the purposes of the following enactments the local
authority shall be an islands or district council-
( a) The Cinematograph Act 1909 ; ( b) The Performing Animals ( Regulation) Act 1925 ; ( c ) The Theatrical Employers Registration Act 1925 ; 1909 с. 30.
1925 с. 38.
1925 с. 50.
( d ) The Methylated Spirits (Sale by Retail) ( Scotland) Act 1937 c. 48.
1937 ;
(e) The House to House Collections Act 1939 ; ( f ) The Pet Animals Act 1951 ; ( g ) The Hypnotism Act 1952 ; ( h) The Animal Boarding Establishments Act 1963 ; (i ) The Riding Establishments Act 1964 ; 1939 с. 44 .
1951 с. 35.
1952 с. 46.
1963 с. 43.
1964 с. 70.
( j ) section 44(1) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966 c. 51 .
1966 (game licences) ;
( k ) The Sale of Venison (Scotland ) Act 1968 ; (1 ) The Theatres Act 1968.
1968 с. 38.
1968 с. 54.
( 4 ) In consequence of the foregoing provisions of this section
the enactments mentioned therein shall have effect subject to
the modifications and amendments set out in Part III of Schedule
24 to this Act.
2034 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART XI
GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO LOCAL AUTHORITIES
Legal Proceedings, Notices, etc.
Legal
189.-( 1 ) Where a local authority consider it expedient for the
proceedings .
promotion or protection of the interests of the inhabitants of their
area or any part thereof, they may institute, defend or appear
in any legal proceedings or represent the inhabitants at any
local inquiry held by or on behalf of any Minister or public body
under any enactment.
( 2 ) Any member or officer of a local authority, who is
authorised in that behalf by the authority, shall be entitled to
institute, defend or appear in proceedings before a court of
summary jurisdiction although he is not a practising solicitor.
Service of legal proceedings,
190. Any legal proceedings against a local authority shall be
deemed to have been duly served on the authority if served on
notices, etc. ,
on local
the proper officer of the authority, and any notice, order or
authorities .
other document required or authorised by any enactment or any
instrument made under an enactment to be sent, delivered or
served to or upon a local authority or to or upon the proper
officer or chairman of a local authority, shall be addressed to
the local authority or to the proper officer or chairman, as the
case may be, and left at, or sent by post in a prepaid letter to,
the offices of the local authority.
Claims in
191. The proper officer of a local authority or any other
sequestrations officer authorised by the authority for the purpose may sign
and on behalf of the authority any claim in any sequestration ,
liquidations. liquidation or other such proceedings in which the authority
are entitled to make a claim, and may act on behalf of the
authority in connection with that claim in all respects.
Service of
notices, etc. ,
by local
authority.
192.-(1) Any documents to which this section applies may be
served-
( a ) by being sent by post in a prepaid letter or delivered to
or at the residence or place of business of the person
to whom it is addressed:
Provided that in the case of a person employed on
any ship or vessel it shall be delivered to some person
on board thereof and connected therewith ; or
(b) in the case of an incorporated company or body by being
sent by post in a prepaid letter addressed to the
secretary or clerk of the company or body at their
registered or principal office or by delivering it to him
atthat office ; or
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2035
(c) where the notice or other document relates to premises
and the owner thereof resides beyond the area of the
local authority, by being sent by post in a prepaid
letter or delivered to or at the place of business of
his known factor or agent or the person drawing the
rents of the premises ; or
( d ) where the notice or other document relates to premises
and the local authority are unable after reasonable
inquiry to ascertain the address of the person upon
whom it should be served, by addressing it to him-
(i) by name, if his name is known ; or
(ii ) if his name is not known, by the description
of 66
owner " or " occupier " of the premises ( naming
them ) to which it relates ;
and by delivering it to some person on the premises , or
if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be
delivered, by affixing it or a copy thereof to some
conspicuous part of the premises .
( 2) Service of a copy of a document to which this section
applies shall be deemed to be service of the principal document.
( 3) Service of any document to which this section applies
may be proved by a certificate under the hand of the person
who posted or delivered or affixed the same attested by one
witness who was present at such posting, delivery or affixing.
( 4) Where any document to which this section applies relates
to premises and the local authority are unable after reasonable
inquiry to ascertain the name and address of the owner of the
premises, then if there is no known factor, agent or person
drawing the rents, such document may be addressed to the
occupier or any of the occupiers of the premises, and such
occupier shall in all respects take burden for the owner, so
however that he shall not be liable to make payment under this
section of any sum in excess of the sum which he is liable to
pay in respect of rent of the premises nor shall he be required
to make payment of any sum before the sum in respect of rent
is due and payable, and any sum so paid by the occupier shall
be deemed to be a payment to account of rent.
( 5 ) For the purpose of enabling any document to be served on
the owner of any premises, the local authority may by notice
in writing require the occupier of the premises to state the name
and address of the owner thereof , and if the occupier refuses or
wilfully neglects to do so, or wilfully mis-states the name and
address of the owner, he shall, unless in the case of a refusal he
shows cause to the satisfaction of the court for his refusal, be
liable on summary conviction in respect of each offence to a
fine not exceeding £20.
PART XI
2036 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PARTXI
( 6 ) This section applies to any notice, order or other document
which is required or authorised by an enactment (including any
enactment in this Act ) or any instrument made under an enact-
ment to be served by or on behalf of a local authority, or by
an officer of a local authority, not being adocument to the service
of which the provisions of some enactment other than this section
or some instrument made under an enactment are applicable.
Authentication
193.-( 1) Any notice, order or other document which a local
of documents. authority are authorised or required by or under any enactment
( including any enactment in this Act ) to give, make or issue may
be signed on behalf of the authority by the proper officer of the
authority, and may be withdrawn by a notice similarly
authenticated .
( 2 ) Any document purporting to bear the signature of the
proper officer of the authority shall be deemed, until the contrary
is proved, to have been duly given, made or issued by the
authority of the local authority.
In this subsection the word " signature " includes a facsimile
of a signature by whatever process reproduced.
( 3) Where any enactment or instrument made under an
enactment makes, in relation to any document or class of
documents, provision with respect to the matters dealt with by
one of the two foregoing subsections, that subsection shall not
apply in relation to that document or class of documents.
Execution of
194.-( 1 ) Save as otherwise provided in this Act, a deed to
deeds by local authority and
which a local authority are a party shall be held to be validly
use of seal.
executed on behalf of the authority if it is sealed with the common
seal of the council and subscribed on behalf of the council by
two members of the council and the proper officer of the council,
whether attested by witnesses or not, or if it is executed in such
other manner as may be provided in a local Act.
( 2) The seal of a council may be affixed to a deed or other
document if authority to affix the seal to the deed or other
document has been given at a meeting of the council, or has
been given otherwise in accordance with standing orders of the
council:
Provided that a person entering into any transaction with
any such council shall not be bound to inquire whether authority
to affix the seal has beengiven in accordance with the provisions
of this subsection, and all deeds executed by such a council if
otherwise valid shall have full force and effect notwithstanding
that such authority may not have been given.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с.65
2037
195. Save as otherwise expressly provided, a public notice
required to be given by a local authority shall be given-
( a) by displaying the notice conspicuously at or near the
principal entrance to the offices of the authority ; and
(b) by posting the notice in some conspicuous place or
places within the area of the authority or by inserting
a copy of the notice in a newspaper circulating in the
area of the authority ; and
(c ) in such other manner, if any, as appears to the authority
to be desirable for giving publicity to the notice.
PARTXI
Public notices.
196. No misnomer or inaccurate description of any person or Misnomers,
place, omission, mistake or informality in any notice or other etc. , not to
document under or for the purposes of this Act shall affect the affect validity
ofnotices, etc.
full operation of the notice or other document if the person or
place mentioned is so designated as to be commonly under-
stood, and such omission, mistake or informality is not such as to
defeat the object of the notice or other document or cause
substantial injustice to any person affected thereby.
197.-( 1 ) The minutes of-
( a ) the proceedings of a local authority,
Inspection
and deposit
of documents .
( b) the proceedings of any committee appointed by a local
authority so far as such proceedings relate to any
of the authority's functions under the National Assis- 1948 с. 29.
tance Act 1948, the Education (Scotland) Acts 1939 to 1972 c. 58.
1973, the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1972 1972 c. 52.
or the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland) Act
1972, and
(c) the proceedings of any joint committee or joint board
established for the purpose of performing all or any
of the functions of two or more local authorities under
any of the Acts mentioned in paragraph ( b) above,
shall be open to the inspection of any local government elector
for the area of the local authority or, in the case of a joint
committee or joint board, the area of any of the local authorities
represented on the joint committee or joint board, at all reason-
able hours on payment of a fee not exceeding 10p, and any
such local government elector may make a copy thereof or
an extract therefrom.
( 2) In any case in which a document of any description is
deposited with the proper officer of a local authority, pursuant
to the standing orders of either House of Parliament or to any
enactment or instrument, the proper officer shall receive and
retain the document in the manner and for the purposes directed
by the standing orders or enactment or instrument, and shall
2038 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PARTXI
make such notes or endorsements on, and give such acknowledge-
ments and receipts in respect of, the document as may be so
directed.
( 3) Subject to any provisions to the contrary in any other
enactment or instrument, a person interested in any such map,
plan or other document as is mentioned in subsection (2) above,
may, at all reasonable hours, inspect and make copies thereof or
abstracts therefrom on payment to the person having custody
thereof of a fee not exceeding 10p for every such inspection, and
of a further fee not exceeding 10p for every hour during which
such inspection continues after the first hour.
( 4 ) If a person having the custody of any such document--
(a ) obstructs any person entitled to inspect the document
or to make a copy thereof or extract therefrom in
inspecting the document or making a copy or extract,
( b) refuses to give copies or extracts to any person entitled
to obtain copies or extracts,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 20.
(5) A local authority may remit any fee chargeable under
this section.
Photographic copies of
198.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, any requirement
imposed by any enactment that a local authority shall keep a
documents.
document of any description shall be satisfied by their keeping
a photographic copy of the document.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any requirement imposed
by any enactment that a document of any description in the
custody or under the control of a local authority shall be made
available for inspection shall be satisfied by their making avail-
able for inspection a photographic copy of the document.
( 3) A photographic copy of a document in colour where
the colours are relevant to the interpretation of the document
shall not suffice for the purposes of this section unless it so
distinguishes between the colours as to enable the document to
be interpreted.
Reports and
returns.
199. Every local authority and every joint committee or joint
board shall, within such period as the appropriate Minister may
require, make to that Minister such reports and returns and give
him such information with respect to their functions as the
Minister may require, or as may be required by either House
of Parliament.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2039
200.-( 1 ) Where records of an existing local authority relate
PART XI
exclusively to property vested in or functions transferred to a Records.
new local authority the records shall vest in that new local
authority.
( 2) Records of parochial boards and parish councils held by
an existing local authority shall vest in the regional or islands
council which succeeds that authority.
( 3) All other records held by a county council shall vest in the
regional or islands council which succeeds the county council,
and all such records held by any other existing local authority
shall vest in the islands or district council which succeeds that
authority.
( 4) Where the area of an existing local authority is divided
among two or more new local authorities, the records shall,
subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, vest in the
new local authority whose area includes, according to the latest
census (not being a sample census), the greater part of the popu-
lation of the existing local authority.
(5) Where records relating to property or functions vested in
or transferred to a local authority have vested in another local
authority that other local authority shall make the records
available for consultation by the former authority.
( 6 ) Any dispute as to the vesting of records shall be referred
to and determined by the Secretary of State, whose decision in
the matter shall be final.
( 7 ) A local authority shall make proper arrangements with
respect to any records which belong to or are in the custody of
the authority or any of their officers, and may dispose of
records which they do not consider worthy of preservation.
(8) A local authority may transmit any of their records to
the Keeper of the Records of Scotland for safe custody, and
accordingly in section 5( 2) of the Public Records (Scotland) 1937 с. 43 .
Act 1937 (transfer of records to Keeper) , for the words from
" the town " to " any other " there shall be substituted the word
any" .
( 9) A regional council may deposit any of their records with a
district council within their region, and a district council may
deposit any of their records with the regional council within
whose region their area is situate or with any other district
council within the same region.
( 10) A local authority may permit persons, with or without
charge, and subject to such conditions as the authority may
determine, to inspect their records and to make or obtain copies
thereof .
2040 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART XI
(11) In this section-
( a) " records " includes charters, deeds, minutes, accounts
and other documents, and any other records of what-
ever form which convey information, but does not
include records which are the property of the Registrar
General of Births, Deaths and Marriages for Scotland ;
and
( b) " local authority " includes a joint board, joint com-
mittee, river purification board and awater board.
Byelaws
Byelaws for
201.-( 1 ) A local authority may make byelaws for the good
good rule and rule and government of the whole or any part of the region,
government.
islands area or district, as the case may be, and for the preven-
tion and suppression of nuisances therein.
( 2 ) The confirming authority in relation to byelaws made
under this section shall be the Secretary of State.
( 3) Byelaws shall not be made under this section for any
purpose as respects any area if provision for that purpose as
respects that area is made by, or is or may be made under, any
other enactment.
Procedure,
etc., for
byelaws.
1889 с. 50.
1892 с. 55.
1897 с. 38.
202.-( 1 ) The following provisions of this section shall apply
to byelaws to be made by a local authority-
(a ) under this Act,
( b) under any other enactment whenever passed, and
whether local or otherwise, conferring on a local
authority a power to make byelaws, or
( c) under any enactment which incorporates or applies any
of the following enactments-
(i) section 57 of the Local Government (Scotland)
Act 1889 ;
(ii) sections 317 to 323 of the Burgh Police ( Scot-
land ) Act 1892 ;
(iii ) sections 183 to 187 of the Public Health
( Scotland) Act 1897 ;
(iv ) sections 301 to 303 of the 1947 Act.
( 2 ) Unless the enactment under which the byelaws are made
specifically provides otherwise, any such byelaws may apply
only to a part of the area of a local authority, and different bye-
laws may apply to different parts of the area.
( 3) The byelaws shall be authenticated by being sealed with
the common seal of the local authority and signed by the proper
officer of the authority, and shall not have effect until they are
confirmed by the confirming authority.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
( 4) At least one month before application for confirmation of PARTXI
the byelaws is made, notice of the intention to apply for con-
firmation, of the place where a copy of the byelaws may be
inspected and of the authority to whom objections may be noti-
fied shall be given in a newspaper circulating in the area to
which the byelaws are to apply or in such other manner as the
confirming authority on the application of the local authority
may determine to be sufficient in the circumstances .
( 5) For at least one month before application for confirmation
is made, a copy of the byelaws shall be deposited at the offices
of the local authority by whom the byelaws are made and shall
at all reasonable hours be open to public inspection without
payment.
( 6) The local authority by whom the byelaws are made shall
on application furnish to any person a copy of the byelaws or of
any part thereof on payment of such sum, not exceeding 10p
for every hundred words contained in the copy, as the authority
may determine.
( 7) Any person aggrieved by any byelaws may, within one
month after notice has been published in accordance with the
provisions of subsection (4) above, notify in writing his objection
and the ground of his objection to the confirming authority.
(8) Before confirming byelaws, the confirming authority shall
take into consideration any objections received by them and
may, if they consider it necessary or desirable, hold a local
inquiry or cause a local inquiry to be held.
(9) Unless the Secretary of State shall otherwise direct, every
inquiry with respect to byelaws made under any provision of this
Act or of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Acts 1892 and 1903 shall 1892 с. 55.
be held by the sheriff. 1903 с. 33.
(10) The confirming authority may confirm with or without
modification or refuse to confirm any byelaws submitted under
this section for confirmation and may fix the date on which the
byelaws are to come into operation, and if no date is so fixed the
byelaws shall come into operation at the expiration of one month
from the date of their confirmation.
( 11) The local authority shall, as soon as practicable after
receiving intimation of the confirmation of the byelaws by the
confirming authority, cause a notice of such confirmation, of the
date on which the byelaws are to come into operation, and of
the place where a copy of the byelaws as confirmed may be
inspected, to be given in a newspaper circulating in the area
to which the byelaws are to apply or in such other manner as the
confirming authority on the application of the local authority
may determine to be sufficient in the circumstances.
2041
2042 Offences
against
byelaws.
Evidence of
byelaws.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XI
(12 ) A copy of the byelaws when confirmed shall be printed
and deposited at the offices of the local authority by whom the
byelaws are made and shall at all reasonable hours be open to
public inspection without payment, and a copy thereof shall on
application be furnished to any person on payment of such
sum not exceeding 20p for every copy as the authority may
determine.
(13) The proper officer of a district council shall send a copy
of every byelaw made by the council, and confirmed, to the
proper officer of the council of the region to which it applies ;
and the proper officer of a regional council shall send a copy of
every byelaw made by that council, and confirmed, to the proper
officer of the council of any district to which it applies .
( 14) The provisions of this section shall apply, subject to any
necessary modifications, in the case of byelaws made by any
authority other than a local authority under any enactment
passed before the coming into force of this Act and incorporating
or applying any of the enactments set out in subsection ( 1) (c )
above.
(15 ) In this section " the confirming authority " means the
authority or person, if any, specified in the enactment (including
any enactment in this Act) under which the byelaws are made,
or in any enactment incorporated therein or applied thereby, as
the authority or person by whom the byelaws are to be con-
firmed, or if no authority or person is so specified, means the
Secretary of State :
Provided that, notwithstanding that a local Act specifies other-
wise, the confirming authority in relation to byelaws made under
any local Act shall be the Secretary of State.
203. Byelaws made by a local authority, and for which
specific provision is not otherwise made, may provide that per-
sons contravening the byelaws shall be liable on summary con-
viction to a fine not exceeding such sum as may be fixed by
the enactment conferring the power to make the byelaws, or, if
no sum is so fixed, the sum of £20, and in the case of a
continuing offence a further fine not exceeding such sum as may
be fixed as aforesaid, or, if no sum is so fixed, the sum of £5
for each day during which the offence continues after conviction
thereof.
204. The production of a copy of a byelaw purporting to be
made by a local authority upon which is endorsed a certificate
purporting to be signed by the proper officer of the authority
stating-
( a) that the byelaw was made by the authority ;
(b) that the copy is a true copy of the byelaw ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2043
( c) that on a specified date the byelaw was confirmed by the
authority named in the certificate or, as the case may
require, was sent to the Secretary of State and has not
been disallowed ;
(d ) the date, if any, fixed by the confirming authority for
the coming into operation of the byelaw ;
shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated in the certificate,
and without proof of the handwriting or official position of any
person purporting to sign a certificate in pursuance of this
section.
PARTXI
Miscellaneous provisions
205.-( 1 ) Her Majesty shall appoint for each region such Lieutenants.
number of lord-lieutenants as she thinks fit, shall appoint a lord-
lieutenant for each islands area and may appoint lieutenants for
each region and islands area .
(2) The Lord Provost of the cities of Aberdeen, Dundee, Edin-
burgh and Glasgow shall by virtue of his office be lord-lieutenant
for the district of the city concerned and Her Majesty may
appoint lieutenants for each such district.
( 3) Lord-lieutenants and lieutenants appointed for a region
under subsection ( 1) above shall discharge their functions in such
parts of the region as may be determined by Order in Council
made by Her Majesty.
( 4) Any reference in any enactment passed before or during
the same session as this Act or any instrument made before the
passing of this Act to a lieutenant of a county shall be construed
as a reference to the lord-lieutenant holding office for an area
by virtue of this section.
(5) The persons appointed under section 32 of the Militia Act 1882 c. 49.
1882 to act for the lord-lieutenant as vice-lieutenant shall be
known as vice-lord-lieutenants and the references to deputy lieu-
tenants in section 30( 4) of that Act ( displacement of deputy
lieutenants) shall include references to vice-lord -lieutenants.
(6) The persons who may be appointed under section 31 of
the said Act of 1882 to act as lord-lieutenant of an area or who
may be appointed a vice-lord -lieutenant of an area under section
32 of that Act shall include a lieutenant for the area appointed
under this section.
( 7 ) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide that any
lieutenant holding office immediately before 16th May 1975
shall continue to hold office on and after that date as lord-
lieutenant for such part of a region as may be specified in the
Order or for an islands area.
2044 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTXI
Admission of
honorary
freemen.
Limitation of
rights of
freemen.
Provisions as
to Sundays
etc.
( 8) Any deputy lieutenant holding office immediately before
that date shall continue to hold office on and after that date
as deputy lieutenant of the part of the region, islands area or
district of the city in which he resides or of such other area as
may be specified in an order made by the Secretary of State.
(9) Where an Order in Council is made in pursuance of sub-
section (3) above, any deputy lieutenant holding office imme-
diately before the date on which the Order in Council is made
shall continue to hold office on and after that date as deputy
lieutenant of the part of the region in which he resides or of
such other part as may be specified in the Order in Council.
(10) Subsections (7) to (9) above shall not prejudice any power
of removal or of directing removal from any office .
(11) In this section " region " does not include the districts of
the cities of Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow.
206.-( 1) An islands or district council may, by resolution
passed by not less than two-thirds of the members voting thereon
at a meeting of the council the notice of which specifies the
proposed admission as an item of business, admit to be honorary
freemen of the islands area or district persons of distinction
and any persons who have rendered eminent service to the
islands area or district.
( 2 ) An officer designated for the purpose by the islands
or district council shall keep a roll containing the names of
persons admitted to be freemen under this section.
207. Nothing in this Part of this Act shall-
( a) confer any right of membership or any right or interest
in the properties, funds, revenues or privileges of any
guild or incorporation of crafts ; or
( b) confer any right or interest in any burgess acres or any
grazing rights connected therewith, or affect the law or
practice existing at the commencement of this Act
with reference to the use, enjoyment and administration
of any such burgess acres or grazing rights.
208.-( 1 ) Where the day or the last day on which anything
is required or permitted by or in pursuance of this Act to be
done is a Sunday, Christmas Day, New Year's Day, Good
Friday, bank holiday, or a public holiday, or a day appointed
for public thanksgiving or mourning, the requirement or per-
mission shall be deemed to relate to the first day thereafter
which is not one of the days before mentioned, but, save as
aforesaid or as otherwise expressly provided in this Act , in
reckoning a number of days for the purposes of this Act, the
days before specified shall not be excluded.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .65
( 2) Where under the foregoing provisions of this section an
election is postponed, the day on which the election is held
shall be treated as the day of election for all purposes of this
Act relating to that election :
Provided that where a day is declared to be a bank holiday
or day of public thanksgiving or mourning, nothing in this
subsection shall affect the validity of any act done in relation
to an election before or on the date of the declaration.
2045
PARTXI
PART XII
MISCELLANEOUS, GENERAL AND TRANSITIONAL
Miscellaneous
209.-( 1 ) For the purpose of removing or relaxing controls Removal or
which affect the exercise by local authorities of certain functions, relaxation of
controls
including limits imposed on the amount of the fees which may affecting
be charged by local authorities in connection with the issue of certain local
licences and the exercise of other functions, the enactments authority
specified in Schedule 25 to this Act shall have effect subject functions .
to the amendments set out in that Schedule.
( 2) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, the Secretary
of State may by order made by statutory instrument make pro-
vision for the removal or relaxation of any control, including
any such limit as is referred to in subsection ( 1) above, which
affects the exercise of any function by a local authority and which
is conferred by or under any enactment on a Minister of the
Crown or a body constituted by or under any enactment.
( 3) An order made under this section may contain such
incidental or consequential provisions as appear to the Secretary
of State to be appropriate, including provisions amending or
repealing or revoking, with or without savings, any enactment
passed before this Act and any instrument made under any
such enactment.
( 4 ) A statutory instrument containing an order under this
section shall be of no effect unless approved by a resolution of
each House of Parliament.
“
( 5 ) In this section local authority " includes a Passenger
Transport Executive.
Part III L
2046 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII
Power
to direct
inquiries.
210.-( 1 ) Where any Minister is authorised by this Act to
determine any difference, to make or confirm any order, to frame
any scheme, or to give any consent, confirmation, sanction or
approval to any matter, or otherwise to act under this Act or
under any other enactment, or where the Secretary of State
is authorised to hold an inquiry, either under this Act or under
any other enactment relating to the functions of a local
authority, he may cause a local inquiry to be held.
( 2 ) Except as otherwise provided in any enactment, the
Minister may appoint an officer of his Department or any other
person to conduct the inquiry and to report thereon to him.
( 3) The person appointed to hold the inquiry shall cause
notice of the time and place of the inquiry to be given to the
bodies and persons appearing to him to be interested.
( 4 ) For the purpose of any such local inquiry, the person
appointed to hold the inquiry may by notice in writing require
any person to attend, at a time and place stated in the notice,
to give evidence or to produce any books or other documents
in his custody or under his control which relate to any matter
in question at the inquiry, and may take evidence on oath, and
for that purpose administer oaths :
Provided that-
( a) no person shall be required, in obedience to such a notice,
to attend to give evidence or to produce any such
books or other documents, unless the necessary expenses
of his attendance are paid or tendered to him ; and
( b) nothing in this subsection shall empower the person
holding the inquiry to require any person to produce
any book or document or to answer any question
which he would be entitled on the ground of privilege
or confidentiality, to refuse to produce or to answer
if the inquiry were a proceeding in a court of law.
(5 ) Any person who refuses or wilfully neglects to attend in
obedience to a notice under this section to give evidence or who
wilfully alters, suppresses, conceals, destroys or refuses to pro-
duce any book or other document which he is required or is
liable to be required to produce for the purposes of this section
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£20 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months,
or to both.
(6) The Minister causing the inquiry to be held may, if he
thinks fit, pay such expenses of witnesses and such expenses of
or concerning the production of any books or other documents
as to him seems reasonable, and such expenses shall be deemed
to be part of the expenses of the inquiry.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2047
( 7) The expenses incurred by a Minister in relation to any
such inquiry (including such reasonable sum as he may deter-
mine for the services of any officer of a Government Depart-
ment engaged in the inquiry) shall, unless he is of opinion having
regard to the object and result of the inquiry that the expenses
should be defrayed in whole or in part by him, be paid by such
local authority or party to the inquiry as he may direct, and the
Minister may certify the amount of the expenses so incurred, and
any sum so certified and directed by him to be paid to him by
any authority or person shall be a debt due by that authority or
person to the Crown and shall be recoverable accordingly.
(8) The Minister causing an inquiry to be held may make
an award as to the expenses of the parties at the inquiry, and as
to the parties by whom such expenses shall be paid.
(9) This section shall not apply in the case of a local inquiry
held under any enactment where the enactment contains pro-
visions with regard to such inquiries .
PART XII
211.-( 1) If a complaint is made to the Secretary of State or Provision for
any appropriate Minister that a local authority have failed to default of local
do what is required of them by or under this Act or any other authority.
enactment or the Secretary of State or that Minister is of opinion
that an investigation should be made as to whether a local
authority have so failed, he may cause a local inquiry to be held
into the matter.
( 2) If after such a local inquiry the Secretary of State or
appropriate Minister is satisfied that there has been such a
failure on the part of the authority in question, he may make
an order declaring the authority to be in default and directing
them for the purpose of remedying the default to take such
steps and within such time or times as may be specified in
the order.
(3) If the authority declared to be in default by such an order
fail to comply with any requirement thereof within the time
limited thereby for compliance with that requirement, the Court
of Session may, on the application of the Lord Advocate on
behalf of the Secretary of State or appropriate Minister, order
specific performance of the functions in respect of which there
has been default , and do otherwise as to the court appears to
be just.
( 4) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of any
other enactment relating to the enforcement of a statutory duty
whether under that enactment or otherwise.
Part III L2
2048 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART XII
Limitation
of liability
ofcertain
owners.
Tweed
Fisheries
Commis-
sioners.
1969 c. xxiv.
Consequential
and minor
modifications
and
amendments.
212. Where a local authority claim to recover any sum in
respect of rates or otherwise under or in pursuance of any
provision of this Act from a person as being the owner of
premises and that person proves that he-
(a) is receiving the rent merely as trustee, tutor, curator,
factor or agent for some other person ; and
(b) has not , and since the date of the service on him of the
demand for payment has not had, in his hands on
behalf of that other person sufficient money to discharge
the whole demand of the authority,
his liability should be limited to the total amount of the money
which he has or has had in his hands as aforesaid.
213.-( 1 ) On 16th May 1975 each person holding office as a
representative commissioner under the Tweed Fisheries Act 1969
shall go out of office.
(2) The function of appointing representative commissioners
under the said Act of 1969 shall be transferred to the district
councils of Berwickshire, Roxburgh, Ettrick and Lauderdale and
Tweeddale and the Berwick on Tweed District Council .
( 3) The said Act of 1969 shall have effect subject to the
amendments set out in Schedule 26 to this Act.
General
214.-( 1 ) As from 16th May 1975 Part I of Schedule 27 to
this Act shall have effect for the purpose of making general
adaptations of enactments, being adaptations which are
consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act.
( 2 ) As from that date the enactments specified in Part II of
that Schedule shall have effect subject to the modifications and
amendments set out in the said Part II, being modifications
and amendments which are consequential on the foregoing
provisions of this Act and minor amendments.
Consequential
215.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State or any appropriate Minister
and
may at any time, whether before or after 16th May 1975, by
supplementary order make such incidental, consequential, transitional or supple-
provisions. mentary provisions as may appear to him-
(a) to be necessary or proper for the general or any par-
ticular purposes of this Act or in consequence of any
of the provisions thereof or for giving full effect thereto ;
or
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
( b) to be necessary or proper in consequence of such of the provisions of any other Act passed in the same
session as this Act as apply to any area or authority
affected by this Act ;
and nothing in any other provision of this Act shall be construed
as prejudicing the generality of this subsection.
(2) An order under this section may in particular make pro-
vision, in the case of any body, person, funds or matter affected
by this Act, for the transition from the provisions of any
enactment to the provisions of this Act, but nothing in that order
shall be inconsistent with any provision of this Act.
(3) Subject to subsection (5) below any of the following things
done or treated by virtue of any enactment as having been
done by or to or in relation to an existing local authority in
connection with the discharge of any of their functions, that is
to say-
any written agreement or other instrument in writing or
any determination or declaration made or treated as
made by such an authority,
any notice or direction given or treated as given by or to
such an authority,
any licence, permission, consent, approval, exemption, dis-
pensation or relaxation granted or treated as granted
by or to such an authority,
any application, proposal or objection made or treated as
made by or to such an authority,
any condition or requirement imposed or treated as imposed
by or on such an authority, or
any appeal allowed by or in favour of or against such an
authority,
shall, as from 16th May 1975, be treated as having been done by.
to or in relation to the new local authority by whom those
functions become exercisable on and after that date by or by
virtue of this Act, and any such thing shall as from that date
have effect as if any reference therein to a specified existing local
authority by whom those functions were exercisable before that
date were a reference to the new local authority by whom those
functions become exercisable.
( 4 ) If there is any doubt as to the identity of a local authority
to whom any particular functions are so transferred, that autho-
rity shall be taken to be such authority as may be specified in a
direction given by a Minister of the Crown concerned with the
discharge of those functions .
( 5 ) Subsection (3) above is without prejudice to any express
provision made by, or by any instrument made under, this Act,
Part III L3
2049
PART XII
2050 c.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII Transfer of
officers.
but has effect subject to any provision to the contrary so made
and in particular may be excluded from applying, either wholly
or to any specified extent, in any particular case by an order
made by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument.
( 6) Section 25 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of
Part I and of this Part of this Act as if any reference to an order
under Part II of this Act included a reference to any provision
of Part I of this Act or to any provision of any instrument made
under the said Part I or this Part of this Act, but any agreement
made by virtue of this subsection may only be made by new
local authorities and after 16th May 1975 .
( 7 ) In this section, “ existing local authority " includes a
joint committee, joint board and a water board.
( 8) Any statutory instrument containing an order under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
216.-( 1 ) An order or regulations under section 24, or an
order under section 215, of this Act may contain provisions as
to the transfer of any person who is, on such date as may be
specified in relation to him in the order or by or under the
regulations, the holder of any office or employment and who is
affected by any provision of, or of any instrument made under,
this Act and shall contain provision for the protection of the
interests of such persons .
( 2) In the case of any person who on 15th May 1975 is in
the employment of one or more local authorities who are or
include an authority which ceases to exist by virtue of Part I
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall by order make such
provision as is necessary to ensure that, to the extent , if any,
to which, by reason only of the said Part I of this Act, that
person would apart from the order cease on 16th May 1975
to be in such employment, that person is transferred on 16th
May 1975 to the employment of such local authority as may be
specified in or determined under the order.
( 3) Any such order or regulations as is or are referred to in
subsection ( 1 ) or (2) above shall include such provision with
respect to any person who is transferred by or under the order
or regulations from the employment of one authority to that of
another so as to secure that-
(a) so long as he continues in the employment of that
other authority by virtue of the transfer and until he
is served with a statement in writing referring to the
order or regulations and specifying new terms and
conditions of employment, he enjoys terms and con-
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2051
ditions of employment not less favourable than those
PART XII
which he enjoyed immediately before the date of
transfer ; and
( b ) the said new terms and conditions are such that-
( i) so long as he is engaged in duties reasonably
comparable to those in which he was engaged
immediately before the date of transfer, the scale
of his salary or remuneration, and
(ii) the other terms and conditions of his
employment ,
are not less favourable than those which he enjoyed
immediately before the date of transfer.
(4) Subsections (2) and (3) above shall apply in relation to any
joint committee, joint board, water board or prescribed associa-
tion of local authorities the constituent members of which include
councils falling within subsection (2) above which ceases to exist
by virtue of this Act as they apply to a local authority which
ceases to exist by virtue of Part I of this Act.
(5) A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-
section (2) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
217.-( 1 ) This section applies to a person if-
(a ) at some time before 16th May 1975, or on that date but en
Continuity of employment
in cases of
otherwise than by virtue of provision made by an order voluntary
under section 216 above, he enters the employment of a transfer.
new local authority ( in this section referred to as "his
new employment ") , and
( b) had he continued until 16th May 1975 in the employ-
ment (in this section referred to as " his previous
employment " ) which he last held before he entered
his new employment or (if he did so continue) had he
then ceased to be in that employment by reason only of
Part I of this Act, provision would have been made by
an order under section 216(2) of this Act for his transfer
on that date to the employment of a specified local
authority.
(2) Where this section applies to a person, then for the purposes
of section 28 of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 (qualifying 1971 c. 72.
period for protection from unfair dismissal) and section 1 of the
Contracts of Employment Act 1972 ( minimum periods of 1972 c. 53.
notice ) -
( a) the period of employment in his previous employment
shall count as a period of employment in his new
employment, and
( b ) the change of employment shall not break the continuity
of the period of employment.
Part III L4
2052 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII
Staff
commission
for Scotland.
1957 с. 20.
218.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State, after consulting with such
bodies representative of existing local authorities or of staff
employed by such local authorities as appear to him to be
concerned, shall, not later than one month after the passing of
this Act, establish a staff commission for Scotland for the
purpose of-
( a ) considering and keeping under review the arrangements
for the recruitment of staff by relevant authorities and
for the transfer in consequence of the provisions of
this Act or any instrument made under it of staff
employed by relevant authorities which cease to exist
by virtue of Part I of this Act ;
(b) considering such staffing problems arising in consequence
of, and such other matters relating to staff employed
by any body affected by, any provision of, or of any
instrument made under, this Act as may be referred
to the commission by the Secretary of State ; and
( c ) advising the Secretary of State on the steps necessary to
safeguard the interests of such staff.
(2) The Secretary of State shall be deemed to have consulted
the bodies mentioned in subsection ( 1) above for the purposes
of that subsection if he has consulted before the passing of this
Act bodies representative of existing local authorities or of
staff employed by them.
(3) The Secretary of State may give directions to the staff
commission as to their procedure and to any relevant authority
with respect to the furnishing of any information requested and
the implementation of any advice given by the commission and
with respect to the payment by a new local authority of any
expenses incurred by the commission in doing anything requested
by the authority.
( 4 ) Any expenses incurred by the staff commission under this
section and not recovered from a local authority shall be paid
by the Secretary of State .
( 5) Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification
Act 1957 (offices disqualifying from membership) shall have
effect, in its application to the House of Commons of the Parlia-
ment of the United Kingdom, as if in Part II, in the appropriate
place in alphabetical order, there were inserted the entry-
" The staff commission for Scotland established under
section 218 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973. "
( 6) In this section " relevant authority " means a local authority
within the meaning of the 1947 Act or this Act, a joint
committee, joint board, river purification board, water board or
a Passenger Transport Executive established under section 9 ( 1 )
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2053
of the Transport Act 1968 or an association of local authorities PART XII
the constituent members of which include any such local 1968 c. 73.
authority as aforesaid.
219.-( 1) The Secretary of State shall by regulations provide Compensation
for the payment by such person as may be prescribed by or for loss of
determined under the regulations of compensation to or in office.
respect of persons who are, or who but for any such service
by them as may be so prescribed would be, the holders of any
such office or employment as may be so prescribed and who
suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments
which is attributable to any provision of this Act or of any
instrument made under this Act.
(2) Regulations under this section may-
( a ) include provision as to the manner in which and the
person to whom any claim for compensation is to be
made, and for the determination of all questions arising
under the regulations,
(b) make different provision for different classes of persons
and for other different circumstances and make or
authorise the Secretary of State to make exceptions
and conditions,
(c ) be framed so as to have effect from a date earlier than
the making of the regulations,
but so that regulations having effect from a date earlier than
the date of their making shall not place any individual in a
worse position than he would have been in if the regulations
had been so framed as to have effect only from the date of their
making.
(3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, regulations
under this section may make provision in relation to persons
who are or, but for any such service by them as may be pre-
scribed, would be employees of any such association of local
authorities or of committees of local authorities as may be
prescribed and who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminu-
tion of emoluments which is attributable to the reorganisation
of local government effected by this Act ; and, without prejudice
to subsection ( 2) above, regulations under this section making
any such provision may provide that any compensation paid
under the regulations by the Secretary of State shall be
recoverable by him in accordance with the regulations from
such association or other body as may be prescribed by or
determined under the regulations .
( 4 ) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
2054 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII
Provision
for early
retirement
in lieu of
compensation
for loss of
office .
1972 с. 41.
220.-( 1 ) In order to facilitate the early retirement of certain
persons who might otherwise suffer such loss of employment
or loss or diminution of emoluments as is referred to in section
220 of this Act, any person who-
( a) is the holder of any such office or is in any such employ-
ment as may be prescribed for the purposes of this
subsection, and
( b) attains or has attained the age of fifty on or before
15 May 1975, and
( c) fulfils such other conditions as may be prescribed,
may by notice given before the prescribed date and in the
prescribed manner elect that this section shall, and that section
219 of this Act shall not, apply to him.
( 2) Where any person has made an election under subsection
(1) above, then unless, within the period of one month beginning
on the day on which the notice of election is given, notice of
objection to that election has been given to him by the body
under whom he holds office or by whom he is employed, this
section shall, and section 219 of this Act shall not, apply to
him on his retirement within the prescribed period and before
attaining the normal retiring age .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, the Secretary of State
shall, by regulations, provide for the payment by such person
as may be prescribed by or determined under the regulations
to or in respect of a person to whom this section applies of
benefits corresponding, as near as may be, to those which would
have been paid to or in respect of that person under the relevant
superannuation scheme if-
( a ) at the date of his retirement he had attained the normal
retiring age ; and
(b) the actual period of his reckonable service were increased
by such period as may be prescribed, being a period not
exceeding the period beginning on the date of his
retirement and ending on the date on which he would
attain the normal retiring age.
( 4) Regulations under subsection (3) above shall be so
framed as to secure that the sums which would otherwise be
payable under the regulations in accordance with that sub-
section to or in respect of any person are reduced to take account
of any benefits payable to or in respect of him under the relevant
superannuation scheme.
(5) Any sums payable under regulations made under subsection
(3) above shall be treated for the purposes of section 73 of the
Finance Act 1972 (compensation for loss of office or employment
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2055
chargeable to tax as a payment made on retirement or removal
PART XII
from office or employment ) in like manner as compensation paid
under section 219 of this Act.
( 6 ) In this section-
" normal retiring age " means-
( a ) in relation to any person to whom an age of
compulsory retirement applies by virtue of the rele
vant superannuation scheme, that age, and
( b) in relation to any other person the age of sixty-
five in the case of a man and sixty in the case of a
woman , or, in either case, such other age as may
be prescribed;
" reckonable service ", in relation to any person, means
service in respect of which benefits are payable under
the relevant superannuation scheme ; and
" relevant superannuation scheme ", in relation to any
person, means the instrument which is applicable in the
case of his office or employment and which makes
provision with respect to the pensions, allowances or
gratuities which, subject to the fulfilment of certain
requirements and conditions, are to be, or may be,
paid to or in respect of persons in that office or
employment.
( 7) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
221.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this section the Secretary of State Remuneration
may designate such body appearing to him to be representative of employe
of local authorities as he considers appropriate ( in this section local
referred to as " the advisory body ") to consider any increase authorities.
made or proposed to be made by an existing local authority
in the remuneration of any of their employees .
( 2 ) For the purpose of enabling them to carry out their
functions under this section, the advisory body shall consult
and seek information from new and existing local authorities
and, if requested to do so by the advisory body, the Secretary
of State may give a direction to any such local authority
requiring them to furnish to the advisory body such informa-
tion as may be specified in the direction relating to the remunera-
tion and other terms and conditions of employment of such
employees of the local authority as may be so specified.
( 3) If it appears to the advisory body that an existing local
authority have fixed or propose to fix for any employee or
class of employee of theirs a rate of remuneration which, having
regard to any recommended levels of remuneration formulated
2056 c .65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII on a national basis by representatives of local authorities and
employees of local authorities, is greater than that which the
advisory body considers appropriate for that employee or class
of employees, they shall notify the local authority concerned
and recommend to them the rate of remuneration which should
be paid to the employee or class of employees concerned.
( 4 ) If it appears to the advisory body that an existing local
authority to whom they have made a recommendation under
subsection (3) above are not complying with that recommenda-
tion, then, after giving notice in writing to the local authority
concerned of their intention to do so, they may refer the matter
to the Secretary of State, and on such a reference the Secretary
of State, after consultation with such persons appearing to him
to be representative of local authorities and of employees of
local authorities as he considers appropriate in relation to the
employee or class of employees concerned, may give a direction
to that local authority requiring them, with effect from such
date as may be specified in the direction ( not being earlier than
the date on which notice was given to them by the advisory
body), to pay such employee or class of employees of theirs
as was the subject of the recommendation and as may be so
specified remuneration at the rate recommended by the advisory
body under subsection ( 3) above and specified in the direction.
( 5) It shall be the duty of any local authority to whom a
direction is given under subsection (2) or subsection (4) above
to comply with the direction .
( 6) If at any time in the period of three months beginning
on 16th May 1975 it appears to the advisory body that the
remuneration paid at any time before that date to any employee
or class of employees of an existing local authority was such that ,
if that authority had not ceased to exist, the advisory body
would have made a recommendation to the authority under
subsection (3) above or, having made such a recommendation
before that date, would have referred the matter to the Secretary
of State under subsection (4 ) above, they shall notify the Secre-
tary of State and report to him the rate of remuneration which
in their opinion should have been paid to the employee or class
of employees concerned immediately before 16th May 1975 or
such earlier date as may be specified in the report, being the
date on which the employee or employees ceased to be employed
by the local authority concerned.
(7) On receiving a report under subsection (6 ) above the
Secretary of State may, after such consultation as is specified
in subsection ( 4 ) above, by order provide that, for the purposes
of the provisions of this Act relating to transfer of officers and
compensation for loss of office, the employee or class of em-
ployees to whom the report relates and who are specified in
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
the order shall be deemed to have been receiving, Immediately
before 16th May 1975 or such earlier date as may be specified
in the report, remuneration at the rate stated in the report
and specified in the order, but no order shall be made under
this subsection after the end of October 1975 .
( 8) Nothing in this section-
( a ) shall apply to the remuneration payable to teachers by
education authorities, or
( b) shall empower the Secretary of State to give a direction
requiring a local authority to pay any employee, or to
make an order deeming any employee to have been
receiving remuneration at a rate below that to which
he was entitled on 1st April 1973 .
"
( 9) In this section, “ existing local authority includes a
joint committee, joint board, river purification board and a
water board.
2057
PARTXII
222.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall by order provide that Transfer of
all property vested on 15th May 1975 in one or more existing property.
relevant authorities, other than property which is subject to
the provisions of section 128 or 223 of this Act or property
mentioned in subsection ( 2) below, shall on 16th May 1975 be
transferred to and vest in such new relevant authority as may
be specified in or determined under the order.
(2) The Secretary of State shall by order provide that all
property held as part of the common good by an existing local
authority on 15th May 1975 shall on 16th May 1975 be trans-
ferred to and vest in such islands or district council as may be
specified in or determined under the order, and those councils,
other than the district councils of Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh
and Glasgow, shall, in administering that property, have regard
to the interests of the inhabitants of the area to which the
common good formerly related.
( 3) The district councils of Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh
and Glasgow shall, in administering the property transferred
to them by virtue of subsection (2 ) above, have regard to the
interests of all the inhabitants of their districts.
( 4 ) An order under this section may contain such incidental,
consequential, transitional or supplementary provisions as appear
to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient for the
purposes of the order.
(5) A statutory instrument containing an order under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
2058 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII
Property
held on trust.
Property
commission
for Scotland.
223.-( 1 ) All property held on trust immediately before 16th
May 1975 by
(a) an existing local authority, or
(b) a councillor and a specified officer of an existing local
authority,
shall on that day be transferred to and vest (subject to the same
trust) in the appropriate islands or district council.
(2 ) The council in whom property is vested by virtue of sub-
section ( 1) above shall nominate a sufficient number of their
councillors to act as trustees of that property and in so doing
shall have regard to the terms of the trust deed ; and where the
property is held immediately before 16th May 1975 by the
persons mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (b) above, the council shall
nominate the proper officer as one of the trustees.
(3) All property held on trust immediately before 16th May
1975 by a specified officer of an existing local authority shall on
that day be transferred to and vest (subject to the same trust) in
the proper officer of the appropriate islands or district council.
( 4) Where, immediately before 16th May 1975, property is
held on trust by the holder of an office, whether as a councillor
or a specified officer, connected with an existing local authority
or existing local authorities and any other person, the appropriate
islands or district council or (where the area to which the trust
relates comprises the areas of more than one existing local
authority) the appropriate islands or district councils shall, on
the application of the trustees , nominate a sufficient number
of their councillors to act in place of such holder and in so doing
shall have regard to the terms of the trust deed, and, where the
terms of the trust deed so require, the said council or councils
shall nominate the proper officer as one of the trustees .
(5) In this section " appropriate islands or district council
"
means, in relation to an existing local authority, the islands or
district council whose area comprises the whole or the greater
part of the area of the existing local authority, and " appropriate
islands or district councils " shall be construed accordingly.
(6) This section shall not apply to property which is subject
to section 128 of this Act.
224. ( 1 ) The Secretary of State, after consulting with such
bodies representative of existing local authorities as appear to
him to be concerned, shall, not later than one month after
the passing of this Act, establish a property commission for
Scotland for the purpose of-
(a) assisting existing relevant authorities to identify property
to be transferred to new relevant authorities ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2059
(b) advising the Secretary of State on the general principles
PART XII
on which such property should be transferred ;
(c) playing such further part in the process of transfer of
such property as may be specified in an order made
under section 222 of this Act.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall be deemed to have consulted
the bodies mentioned in subsection ( 1) above for the purposes
of that subsection if he has consulted those bodies before the
passing of this Act.
( 3) The Secretary of State may give directions to the property
commission as to their procedure and to any existing or new
relevant authority with respect to the furnishing of any informa-
tion requested and the implementation of any advice given by
the commission.
( 4 ) Any expenses incurred by the property commission under
this section shall be paid by the Secretary of State.
( 5) Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 c. 20.
1957 ( offices disqualifying from membership) shall have effect, in
its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of
the United Kingdom, as if in Part II , in the appropriate place in
alphabetical order, there were inserted the entry-
" The property commission for Scotland established under
section 224 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973."
(6) In this section and in section 222 of this Act-
"
( a ) " property means any property, heritable or moveable,
other than a security or balance in a fund, and all
interests, rights and liabilities in or relating to property ;
(b) " relevant authority " means a local authority within
the meaning of the 1947 Act or this Act, as the context
may require, a joint committee, river purification board
or water board or an association of local authorities
the constituent members of which include any such
local authority as aforesaid.
( 7) In the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act " water
board " means a regional water board or a water development
board, or both, as the context may require .
225.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (2) and (8) below, any local Local Acts and
statutory provision to which this section applies and which is instruments.
not continued in force by any other provision of this Act shall-
(a) notwithstanding the changes of administrative areas
and local authorities effected by or under this Act and,
in the case of an instrument made under any enact-
ment, notwithstanding the repeal of that enactment,
continue to apply on and after 16th May 1975 to, but
only to, the area, things or persons to which or to
whom it applies before that date ;
2060 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII ( b) have effect subject to any necessary modifications and
to the modifications made by subsection (3) below ;
but the continuation by this subsection of an instrument made
under any enactment shall not be construed as prejudicing any
power to vary or revoke the instrument which is exercisable
apart from this subsection.
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) above shall have effect subject to the
provisions of
(a) this Act, other than Part I of Schedule 27 ;
( b) any Act passed after this Act and before 16th May
1975 ; and
( c ) any order made under section 215 of this Act or the
following provisions of this section.
( 3) Any local statutory provision to which this section applies
and which relates to functions exercisable by a local authority
of any description by virtue of any public general enactment
shall have effect as if for any reference to the authority by whom
the functions are exercised immediately before 16th May 1975
there were substituted a reference to the authority by whom
those functions are exercisable on and after that date.
(4 ) Subsection (3) above shall not come into force until
16th May 1975 and shall have effect subject to any provision
to the contrary made by, or by any instrument made under,
this Act and, without prejudice to the foregoing, the Secretary
of State may by order provide for the exercise of functions
conferred by any local statutory provision to which this section
applies and exclude the operation of that subsection where it
would otherwise conflict with any provision of the order.
( 5 ) Where any local statutory provision is continued in force
in any area by subsection ( 1) above or is amended or modified
in its application to any area by an order under section 215 of
this Act, the Secretary of State or any appropriate Minister may
by that order, or in the case of a provision continued as afore-
said, by an order under this subsection-
( a) extend the provision throughout the new local govern-
ment area in which it is continued in force ;
( b ) provide that that provision as so continued, amended,
modified or extended shall have effect in that area to
the exclusion of any enactment for corresponding
purposes, including any enactment contained in or
applied by this Act ;
( c ) make such modifications of any such enactment in its
application to that area as will secure that the enact-
ment will operate harmoniously with the said provision
in that area ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2061
( d ) repeal or revoke any local statutory provision to which PARTXII
this section applies and which appears to the Secretary
of State or that Minister to have become spent, obsolete
or unnecessary or to have been substantially superseded
by any enactment or instrument which applies or may
be applied to the area, persons or things to which or
to whom that provision applies ;
( e ) transfer to any authority appearing to the Secretary of
State or that Minister to be appropriate any functions
of an existing local authority under a local statutory
provision to which this section applies which are not
to become functions of some other authority under any
provisions of this Act except section 215 of this Act and
this section, or under any other instrument made under
this Act, being functions exercisable by any existing
local authority abolished by this Act ;
( f ) without prejudice to paragraph (e) above, make such
modifications of any local statutory provision to which
this section applies in its application to any new local
government area as appear to the Secretary of State
or that Minister to be expedient.
( 6 ) All local statutory provisions to which this subsection
applies shall cease to have effect at the end of 1979, but-
( a) the Secretary of State or any appropriate Minister may
by order exempt any such provision from the foregoing
provision of this subsection ;
( b) the Secretary of State may from time to time by order
postpone the date on which all local statutory provisions
applying to the whole or part of any local government
area, so far as they so apply, are to cease to have
effect under this subsection.
( 7) An instrument containing an order under subsection (5)
or (6) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
(8) Any local statutory provision relating to valuation or the
determination, levying, collection or recovery of rates shall cease
to have effect :
Provided that this subsection shall not affect the operation of
section 19(2) of the Water (Scotland ) Act 1949 ( domestic water 1949 c. 31.
rate payable at reduced rate in certain cases) .
( 9) This section applies to any local statutory provision in
force immediately before 16th May 1975 and not expressly
repealed or revoked by this Act, and subsection (6) above applies
to the following statutory provisions-
(a) a provision of a local Act, the Bill for which was pro-
moted by a local authority;
2062 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART XII
Existing
joint boards.
( b) a provision of an Act confirming a provisional order
made on the application of a local authority ;
( c ) a provision of an order made on such an application
which was subject to special parliamentary procedure ;
not being a provision relating to a statutory undertaking or a
protective provision for the benefit of any person.
( 10) In subsection (9) above " local authority " means-
(a ) a council of a county, county of city, burgh or district ;
(b) any body which immediately after the coming into
force of the enactment which constituted the body
exercised functions which immediately before 16th May
1975, were exercised by one of the councils referred
to in paragraph (a) above ;
and " statutory undertaking " means any railway, light railway,
tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland naviga-
tion, ferry, dock, harbour, pier or lighthouse undertaking, any
market undertaking or any undertaking for the supply of elec-
tricity, gas, hydraulic power, water or district heating.
226.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
where an existing joint board, every member of which is
appointed by a local authority, was constituted by or under any
enactment for exercising functions for any area, then, notwith-
standing the change of areas and authorities effected by Part I of
this Act, the board shall continue to exist on and after 16th May
1975 and to exercise for that area the same functions as before
that date (to the exclusion of new local authorities) .
( 2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to a joint board con-
stituted for an area which on 16th May 1975 will be wholly
within the area of a single new local authority if the board
was constituted for the purpose of exercising functions which
on and after that date would (apart from the existence of the
board) be exercisable by that local authority, whether or not
the board has additional functions which, apart from this sec-
tion, would not be so exercisable ; and accordingly in any such
case-
( a) the functions of the board shall on 16th May 1975
become functions of that new local authority ; and
(b ) the joint board shall cease to exist on that date.
( 3) The continuation in existence of any area or body by this
section shall not prejudice any power conferred by any enact-
ment to amend or revoke the order constituting the area or body
or the power to make provision with respect to the body con-
ferred by section 215 of this Act.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2063
( 4) The following provisions shall have effect for the con-
PART XII
struction of references to a local statutory provision to which
section 225 of this Act applies : -
( a ) any reference to an existing joint board which ceases
to exist by virtue of this section, or any reference which
is to be construed as such a reference, shall be con-
strued as a reference to the local authority by whom the
functions of that board will become exercisable by
virtue of this section ;
( b) any reference to a united district or other area the
existing joint board for which ceases to exist by virtue
of subsection (2) above, or any reference which is to
be construed as such a reference, shall be construed
as a reference to so much of the area of the new local
authority by whom the functions formerly exercisable
by the existing joint board become exercisable on
16th May 1975 as comprises the area for which the
board acted.
(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect
subject to any provision to the contrary made by, or by any
instrument made under, this Act and shall be without prejudice
to any express provision so made.
227. On 16th May 1975 all dean of guild courts shall cease toAbolition of
exist, and unless otherwise provided, all powers, duties andDean of
responsibilities conferred on a dean of guild or a dean of guild Guild Court .
court by or under any enactment shall thereafter be exercised
by the authority responsible for building control in the area
concerned.
228.-( 1 ) The courts for striking the fiars prices for the Abolition of
counties of Scotland shall no longer be held, and accordingly fiars courts
no payment becoming due after the appointed day shall be for counties,
calculated by reference to fiars prices . etc.
(2) Subject to the provisions of section 12 of the Conveyancing 1924 c. 27.
( Scotland) Act 1924 (abolition and commutation of grain, etc.
feuduties) the amount of any periodical payment becoming due
after the appointed day which would, if it had become due
immediately before that day, have fallen to be ascertained by
reference to fiars prices, shall be a sum in money representing
the average value of the payment due during the last three years
before that day.
(3) In the event of the parties failing to reach agreement as to
the commutation into money of any payment by reference to
subsection (2) above, either party may apply to the sheriff for a
decree declaring the commuted value in money of the payment.
2064 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
PART XII
1949 с. 75.
TheBurgh
Police
( Scotland )
Acts 1892
to 1911.
( 4) Where any payment, the amount of which falls to be
ascertained by reference to subsection ( 2) above, is exigible from
any person by virtue of an interest in land, the title to which
may be recorded in the Register of Sasines, any agreement
relative thereto and any decree pronounced under subsection (3)
above shall, on being duly recorded in the appropriate register,
be binding upon all persons having interest.
( 5) Any valuation or question mentioned in subsection (4) of
section 75 of the Agricultural Holdings ( Scotland ) Act 1949,
falling to be decided by reference to a date after the appointed
day, which would, if it had fallen to be decided by reference to
a date immediately before that day, have been decided by refer-
ence to fiars prices, shall be decided in such manner as the parties
may by agreement determine or, failing such agreement, shall,
notwithstanding the provisions of that subsection, be decided by
arbitration under that Act.
( 6 ) In this section " the appointed day " means the day
appointed under section 238 of this Act for the coming into
operation of this section.
229.-( 1 ) The Burgh Police (Scotland ) Acts 1892 to 1911
shall cease to have effect at the end of 1979, and until that time
those Acts shall have effect subject to the amendments set out
in Schedule 28 to this Act, to the provisions of this section and
of any order made thereunder.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, the said Acts of 1892 to
1911 shall continue to apply in those areas and to those things
and persons in which, to which and to whom they at present
apply.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order provide for the exten-
sion of any provision of the said Acts of 1892 to 1911 to such
areas, things and persons as he may think fit , and, without
prejudice to that generality, any such order may-
( a) extend the provision throughout a new local government
area ;
( b) provide that the provision shall have effect in such an
area to the exclusion of any enactment for correspond-
ing purposes ;
( c) make such modifications of any such enactment in its
application to such an area as will secure that the enact-
ment will operate harmoniously with the said provision
in that area ;
( d ) repeal or revoke any such enactment or instrument which
appears to the Secretary of State to have become spent,
obsolete or unnecessary, or to have been substantially
superseded by any such provision ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с. 65
2065
( e ) transfer to any authority appearing to the Secretary of State to be appropriate any function of an existing local
authority which is not to become a function of some
other authority ;
( f ) make such modifications of the said provision in its
application to a new local government area as appear to
the Secretary of State to be expedient .
( 4 ) An instrument containing an order under this section shall
be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
PART XII
230.-( 1 ) Existing local authorities may establish, or the Secre- Committees of
tary of State may require existing local authorities to establish, existing local
a committee in each region, islands area or district to authorities.
consider any matter which it is expedient should be considered
before the election of the council of the authority concerned
in order to ensure the effective operation of that council on and
after 16th May 1975 .
( 2 ) A committee established under this section shall consist
of such number of representatives of the authorities by whom
it is established as may be agreed between them or, in default
of agreement, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 3) Any expenses incurred by a committee established under
subsection ( 1) above shall be defrayed by the local authorities
by whom the committee was established in such proportions
respectively as may be agreed between them or, in default of
such agreement, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.
231.-( 1 ) Where, from failure to observe any of the provisions Application
of this Act or from any other cause, a difficulty arises in carry- to sheriff in
ing into effect any of the provisions of this Act, or where in any cases of
case any question arises as to the procedure to be followed, difficulty.
or where any question arises in connection with the election of
members of a local authority and no provision is made in this
Act for meeting such difficulty or determining such question,
it shall be lawful for the local authority or any seven local
government electors for the area of the authority or the proper
officer of the authority, or in the case of a question relating
to an election of members of a local authority for the returning
officer at the election, to make application to the sheriff setting
forth the circumstances and after such intimation and inquiry
as to the sheriff seems proper, the sheriff may give such directions
as in his judgment will enable the provisions of this Act to be
complied with as nearly as possible or determine the question
as the case may be, and may make such order as seems proper
to him with reference to the expenses in connection with the
application and the persons by whom such expenses are payable.
2066 PART XII
Provisions
regarding
applications
to court.
Orders,
rules and
regulations.
Expenses.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
( 2) Subject to any order made by the sheriff, all expenses
incurred in connection with any application under the preceding
subsection shall be defrayed as part of the general expenses of
the authority.
232.-( 1 ) Where any application to the sheriff under this Act is
dealt with in the first instance by a sheriff other than the sheriff
principal, it shall be competent to appeal to the sheriff principal
against the decision of the sheriff within fourteen days after the
date thereof, but subject thereto the decision of the sheriff prin-
cipal or sheriff shall, except where otherwise specifically provided,
be final.
(2) Where the area of a local authority is situated within more
than one sheriffdom, any application to the sheriff under this Act
shall be presented to the sheriffs principal of the sheriffdoms in
which the area of the authority is situated.
(3) Where any application is presented to two or more sheriffs
principal under this Act and they are unable to reach a unani-
mous decision, they shall state a case for the Court of Session
and the Court may pronounce any deliverance which it would
have been competent for the sheriffs to make.
233.-( 1 ) Any power to make orders, rules or regulations
conferred on any Minister by any provision of this Act, other
than section 104(1), 211 or 221 shall be exercisable by statutory
instrument.
( 2) Any order under this Act may be varied or revoked by a
subsequent order made in the like manner and subject to the
same provisions.
(3) An order made by a Minister under this Act may contain
such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as
appear to the Minister by whom the order is made to be neces-
sary or proper for bringing the order into operation and giving
full effect thereto.
234. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by
Parliament-
(a) any expenses incurred by any Minister under this Act ;
and
(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under
any other enactment.
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2067
235.-( 1 ) In this Act, except where the context otherwise
PART XII
requires-
General
" appropriate Minister ", with respect to any matter, means
provisions
as to inter-
the Minister in charge of any Government Department pretation.
concerned with that matter ; but the validity of any
order or regulation purporting to be made by any
Minister by virtue of a power conferred on the appro-
priate Minister by this Act shall not be affected by any
question as to whether or not that Minister was the
appropriate Minister for the purpose ;
" area " , in relation to a local authority, means a region,
islands area or a district as the case may be ;
" college council " and " school council " have the meanings
assigned to them by section 125 of this Act ;
"
education authority ", " educational establishment ",
66
"further education" and school " have the same
meanings as in the Education ( Scotland ) Act 1962 ;
1962 с. 47." education committee " means a committee appointed
under section 124 of this Act ;
" electoral area " , in relation to a region or islands area,
means an electoral division and, in relation to a district,
means a ward, within the meaning of section 5 of this
Act;
" enactment " includes an order, regulation, rule or other
instrument having effect by virtue of an Act ;
66 existing ", in relation to any authority, means that authority
as they existed immediately before the passing of this
Act ;
" financial year " has the meaning assigned to it by section
96(5) of this Act ;
" joint board " means a body corporate, constituted for the
purposes of a combination of local authorities under
this Act or by or under any other enactment, consisting
exclusively of persons appointed by the local
authorities ;
" joint committee " means a body, not being a body
corporate, constituted for the purpose of a combination
of local authorities under this Act or by or under any
other enactment, consisting exclusively of persons
appointed by the local authorities ;
" land " includes land covered with water and any interest
right or servitude in or over land ;
" local authority " means a regional, islands or district
council;
2068 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTXII
1947 с. 43.
Savings.
1954 с. 60.
" local statutory provision ود
means a provision of a local
Act ( including an Act confirming a provisional order)
or a provision of a public general Act passed with
respect only to the whole or part of an existing local
government area or a provision of an instrument made
under any such local or public general Act or of an
instrument in the nature of a local enactment made
under any other Act ;
66
new ", in relation to any authority, means that authority
as established by or under this Act ;
"
1947 Act " means the Local Government (Scotland) Act
; 1947
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by
the Secretary of State ;
66 rating authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section
109( 1) of this Act ;
" water authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section
148 of this Act.
( 2) Any reference in this Act to a regional, islands or district
council includes a reference to any combination of those councils.
(3) Any reference in this Act to a proper officer and any
reference which by virtue of this Act is to be construed as such
a reference shall, in relation to any purpose and any local
authority or other body or any area, be construed as a reference
to an officer appointed for that purpose by that body or for that
area, as the case may be.
( 4 ) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires ,
references to any enactment shall be construed as references to
that enactment as amended, extended or applied by or under
any other enactment, including any enactment contained in
thisAct.
236.-( 1 ) Nothing in this Act shall affect the boundaries of
the districts for the supply of electricity of the Scottish Elec-
tricity Boards within the meaning of the Electricity Reorganisa-
tion (Scotland ) Act 1954.
( 2) Nothing in sections 70 to 78 of this Act shall affect any
provision relating to the acquisition by agreement or compul-
sorily, appropriation, letting or disposal of land, the erection of
buildings or the execution of works by a local authority contained
in any of the following enactments or any instrument made there-
under-
(a ) The Burial Grounds Acts ;
(b) The Military Lands Acts 1892 to 1903 ;
Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 с. 65
2069
( c ) The Cremation Act 1902 ; (d ) The Housing (Scotland) Acts 1966 to 1973 ; (e) The Water (Scotland) Acts 1946 to 1967 ;
( f ) The Education (Scotland ) Acts 1939 to 1973 ;
( g) The Police (Scotland) Act 1967 ; ( h ) Any local Act.
( 3) Any enabling provision contained in this Act shall be in
addition to, and not in derogation of, any powers exercisable by
Her Majesty by virtue of her royal prerogative.
PART XII
1902 с. 8.
1967 с. 77 .
237.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 29 to this Act Repeals.
( which include enactments that were obsolete, spent or unneces-
sary before the passing of this Act ) are hereby repealed to the
extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to section 38(1 ) of the Interpretation 1889 c. 63 .
Act 1889, where this Act repeals any enactment making provision
with respect to a particular matter or particular matters and
either makes or applies some other enactment making corres-
ponding or different provision with respect to that matter or
those matters, then, unless the contrary intention appears and in
particular subject to any instrument under section 215, 216, 219
or 225 of this Act references in any enactment other than this
Act, or in any instrument made under any enactment other than
this Act, to the repealed enactment shall be construed as
references to the enactment contained in or applied by this Act
which makes the corresponding or different provision .
238.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government Short title,
( Scotland ) Act 1973 . commence-
ment and
( 2 ) This Act (except this section ) shall come into operation extent.
on the appointed day, being such day as the Secretary of State
may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed
under this subsection for different provisions of this Act or for
different purposes, or for the purposes of the same provision in
relation to different cases .
( 3) This Act, except sections 92, 146(5) and 213 and paragraph
64 of Schedule 17 and Schedule 26 and except in so far as it
relates to the amendment of the House of Commons Disqualifica- 1957 c. 20.
tion Act 1957, extends to Scotland only.
2070 Section 1.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
NEW LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS
PART I
Region
Area by reference to existing administrative areas
Highland ... The county of Caithness.
The county of Nairn.
The county of Sutherland.
In the county of Argyll -the district of Ardnamurchan; the
electoral divisions of Ballachulish, Kinlochleven.
The county of Inverness (except the districts of Barra, Harris,
North Uist, South Uist) .
In the county of Moray -the burgh of Grantown-on-Spey;
the district of Cromdale.
The county of Ross and Cromarty (except the burgh of
Stornoway; the district of Lewis) .
Grampian ... The county of the city of Aberdeen.
The county of Aberdeen.
The county of Kincardine.
The county of Banff.
The county of Moray ( except the burgh of Grantown-on-
Spey; the district of Cromdale) .
Tayside...
The county of the city of Dundee.
The county of Angus.
The county of Kinross.
The county of Perth (except the burghs of Callander, Doune,
Dunblane; the Western district ( except the electoral
division of Ardoch); the parish of Muckhart).
Fife
...
The county of Fife.
Lothian ...
The county of the city of Edinburgh.
The county of East Lothian.
The county of Midlothian ( except the electoral division of
Heriot and Stow) .
The county of West Lothian ( except the burgh of Bo'ness;
the district of Bo'ness) .
Borders...
The county of Berwick.
The county of Peebles.
The county of Roxburgh.
The county of Selkirk.
In the county of Midlothian -the electoral division of
Heriot and Stow.
Central ...
The county of Clackmannan.
In the county of Perth -the burghs of Callander, Doune,
Dunblane; the Western district (except the electoral
division of Ardoch) ; the parish of Muckhart.
The county of Stirling (except the burgh of Kilsyth; Western
No. 3 district ; the electoral division of Kilsyth West; the
polling district of Kilsyth East (Banton)) .
In the county of West Lothian -the burgh of Bo'ness; the
district of Bo'ness.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2071
SCH. 1
Region Strathclyde Dumfries
and
Galloway
Area by reference to existing administrative areas
The county of the city of Glasgow.
The county of Bute.
The county of Dunbarton.
The county of Lanark.
The county of Renfrew.
The county of Argyll (except the district of Ardnamurchan ;
the electoral divisions of Ballachulish and Kinlochleven) .
The county of Ayr.
In the county of Stirling -the burgh of Kilsyth; Western
No. 3 district; the electoral division of Kilsyth West; the
polling district of Kilsyth East (Banton ).
The county of Dumfries .
The county of Kirkcudbright.
The county of Wigtown.
PART II
Islands
Areas
Area by reference to existing administrative areas
Orkney...
The county of Orkney.
Shetland The county of Zetland....
Western Isles In the county of Inverness -the districts of Barra, Harris,
North Uist, South Uist.
In the county of Ross and Cromarty -the burgh ofStornoway;
the district of Lewis.
PART III
Name of
Region
District
Highland Caithness
Sutherland
Ross and
Cromarty
Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
The county of Caithness.
In the county of Sutherland -the district
ofTongue and Farr.
The county of Sutherland ( except the
district of Tongue and Farr) .
In the county of Ross and Cromarty-the
electoral division of Kincardine.
In the county of Ross and Cromarty-
the burghs of Cromarty, Dingwall,
Fortrose, Invergordon, Tain; the dis-
tricts of Avoch, Dingwall, Fearn, Fort-
rose, Gairloch, Invergordon, Loch-
broom, Lochcarron, Muir of Ord; the
electoral division of Edderton and Tain.
2072 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Name of
Region
District Highland Skye and
-contd . Lochalsh
Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Grampian
In the county of Inverness -the district of
Skye.
In the county of Ross and Cromarty -the
South West district.
Lochaber...
In the county of Argyll -the district of
Ardnamurchan; the electoral divisions
ofBallachulish, Kinlochleven.
In the county of Inverness -the burgh of
Fort William; the district of Lochaber.
Inverness...
In the county of Inverness -the burgh of
Inverness; the districts of Aird, Inver-
ness.
Badenoch and
Strathspey
In the county of Inverness -the burgh of
Kingussie; the district of Badenoch.
In the county of Moray -the burgh of
Grantown- on-Spey;
the district of
Cromdale.
Nairn
Moray
...
The county of Nairn.
...
The county of Moray (except the burgh of
Grantown-on-Spey; the district of
Cromdale ).
In the county of Banff -the burghs of
Aberlour, Buckie, Cullen, Dufftown,
Findochty, Keith, Portknockie; the
districts of Buckie, Cullen ( except the
electoral division of Fordyce), Dufftown,
Keith.
Banff and
In the county of Banff -the burghs of
Buchan
Aberchirder, Banff, Macduff, Portsoy;
the districts of Aberchirder, Banff; the
electoral division of Fordyce.
In the county of Aberdeen -the burghs
of Fraserburgh, Peterhead, Rosehearty,
Turriff ; the districts of Deer, Turriff ;
the electoral division of Cruden.
Gordon ... In the county of Aberdeen -the burghs
of Ellon, Huntly, Inverurie, Kintore,
Oldmeldrum; the districts of Aberdeen
( except the electoral divisions of Bucks-
burn, Newhills Landward, Old Machar,
Stoneywood and the parishes of Drum-
oak, Dyce, Peterculter), Alford, Ellon
( except the electoral division of Cruden),
Garioch, Huntly.
City of Aberdeen
The county of the city of Aberdeen.
In the county of Aberdeen -the electoral
divisions of Bucksburn, Newhills Land-
ward, Old Machar, Stoneywood; the
parishes of Dyce, Peterculter.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2073
SCH. 1
Nameof
Region
District Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Grampian City of Aberdeen
-contd.
-contd.
Kincardine and
Deeside
In the county of Kincardine -the electoral
division of Nigg.
In the county of Aberdeen -the burgh of
Ballater; the district of Deeside; the
parish of Drumoak.
In the county of Kincardine -the burghs
of Banchory, Inverbervie, Laurencekirk,
Stonehaven; the districts of Laurence-
kirk, St. Cyrus, Stonehaven, Upper
Deeside ; the electoral divisions of
Banchory-Devenick, Maryculter.
Tayside... Angus ...... In the county of Angus -the burghs of
Arbroath, Brechin, Carnoustie, Forfar,
Kirriemuir, Montrose; the districts of
Brechin, Carnoustie, Forfar, Kirriemuir,
Montrose; the parish of Newtyle.
City of Dundee The county of the city ofDundee.
In the county of Angus -the burgh of
Monifieth ; the district of Monifieth
( except the electoral division of Newtyle
and Kettins).
In the county of Perth -the electoral
division of Longforgan.
Perth and
Kinross
The county of Kinross .
In the county of Angus -the parish of
Kettins.
In the county of Perth-the burghs of
Aberfeldy, Abernethy, Alyth, Auchter-
arder, Blairgowrie and Rattray, Coupar
Angus, Crieff, Perth, Pitlochry; the
districts Central (except the parish of
Muckhart), Eastern, Highland, Perth
( except the electoral division of Long-
forgan ); the electoral division of
Ardoch.
Fife Kirkcaldy...
In the county of Fife -the burghs of
Buckhaven and Methil, Burntisland,
Kinghorn, Kirkcaldy, Leslie, Leven,
Markinch; the districts of Glenrothes,
Kirkcaldy ( except that part of the
electoral division of Auchtertool within
the Gray Park polling district), Wemyss ;
the electoral divisions of Auchterderran,
Denend, Kinglassie, New Carden.
North East Fife In the county of Fife -the burghs of
Auchtermuchty, Crail, Cupar, Elie and
Earlsferry, Falkland, Kilrenny, An-
struther, Easter and Wester, Ladybank,
2074 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Name of
Region
District
Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Fife -contd. North East Fife
-contd.
Newburgh, Newport-on-Tay, Pitten-
weem, St. Andrews, St. Monance,
Tayport; the districts of Cupar, St.
Andrews.
Dunfermline
In the county of Fife -the burghs of
Cowdenbeath, Culross, Dunfermline,
Inverkeithing, Lochgelly; the districts
of Dunfermline, Lochgelly (except the
electoral divisions of Auchterderran,
Denend, Kinglassie, New Carden) ; that
part of the electoral division of Auchter-
tool within the Gray Park polling district.
Lothian
..
West Lothian... In the county of West Lothian-the
burghs of Armadale, Bathgate, Lin-
lithgow, Whitburn ; the districts of
Linlithgow, Torphichen and Bathgate,
Uphall, Whitburn and Livingston ; the
electoral divisions of Abercorn, Winch-
burgh East and Winchburgh West.
In the county of Midlothian -the districts
ofEast Calder, West Calder.
City of Edinburgh
The county of the city of Edinburgh .
In the county of West Lothian -the
burgh of Queensferry ; the district of
Kirkliston and Winchburgh (except the
electoral divisions of Abercorn, Winch-
burgh East and Winchburgh West) .
In the county of Midlothian-the district
of Currie and the parish of Cramond.
Midlothian
In the county of Midlothian -the burghs
of Bonnyrigg and Lasswade, Dalkeith,
Loanhead, Penicuik; the districts of
Gala Water (except the electoral division
of Heriot and Stow), Lasswade, Mussel-
burgh (except the parish of Inveresk),
Newbattle, Penicuik .
East Lothian
The county of East Lothian.
In the county of Midlothian--the burgh
of Musselburgh; the parish of Inveresk.
Central
Clackmannan... The county of Clackmannan.
In the county of Perth-the parish of
Muckhart.
Stirling
In the county of Perth-the burghs of
Callander, Doune, Dunblane ; the
Western district (except the electoral
division of Ardoch) .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
2075
SCH. 1
Name of
Region
District Central
-contd.
Stirling -contd. Falkirk Borders... Tweeddale ...
Ettrick and
Lauderdale
Roxburgh..
Berwickshire Strathclyde Argyll Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
In the county of Stirling -the burghs of
Bridge of Allan, Stirling; the districts
Central No. 1 , Western No. 1. Western
No. 2.
... In the county of Stirling -the burghs of
Denny and Dunipace, Falkirk, Grange-
mouth; the districts Eastern No. 1,
Eastern No. 2, Eastern No. 3, Central
No. 2 (except the electoral division of
Kilsyth West; the polling district of
Kilsyth East (Banton)) .
In the county of West Lothian -the burgh
of Bo'ness ; the district of Bo'ness.
The county of Peebles.
The county of Selkirk.
In the county of Berwick -the burgh of
Lauder ; the West district ( except the
electoral divisions of Gordon, Hume
and Nenthorn, Westruther) .
In the county of Midlothian -the electoral
division of Heriot and Stow.
In the county of Roxburgh-the burgh of
Melrose; the district of Melrose (except
that part of the parish of Roxburgh
which lies within this district ) .
In the county of Berwick -the parish
of Nenthorn .
In the county of Roxburgh -the burghs of
Hawick, Jedburgh, Kelso; the districts
of Hawick, Jedburgh, Kelso; that part
of the parish of Roxburgh within the
district of Melrose.
In the county of Berwick -the burghs of
Coldstream, Duns, Eyemouth; the East
district, the Middle district ; the electoral
divisions of Gordon, Westruther ; the
parish of Hume.
In the county of Argyll -the burghs of
Campbeltown, Dunoon, Inveraray,
Lochgilphead, Oban, Tobermory; the
districts of Cowal, Islay, Jura and
Colonsay, Kintyre, Mid Argyll, Mull,
North Lorn (except the electoral divi-
sions of Ballachulish, Kinlochleven),
South Lorn, Tiree and Coll.
In the county of Bute -the burgh of
Rothesay; the district of Bute.
2076 с.65
SCH. 1
Name of
Region
Strathclyde
-contd.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
District Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Dumbarton... In the county of Dunbarton -the burghs
of Dumbarton, Cove and Kilcreggan,
Helensburgh ; the districts of Helens-
burgh, Vale of Leven; the electoral
divisions of Bowling, Dunbarton.
City ofGlasgow The county of the city of Glasgow.
In the county of Lanark -the burgh of
Rutherglen; in the Eighth district, the
electoral divisions of Bankhead, Cam-
buslang Central, Cambuslang North,
Hallside, Rutherglen, and those parts
of Cambuslang South and Carmunnock
electoral divisions lying outwith the
designated area of East Kilbride New
Town; in the Ninth district, the
electoral divisions of Baillieston,
Garrowhill, Mount Vernon and Car-
myle, Springboig.
Clydebank... In the county of Dunbarton -the burgh
of Clydebank; the district of Old
Kilpatrick (except the electoral divisions
of Bowling, Dunbarton, and that part
of the electoral division of Hardgate
lying within the parish of New Kil-
patrick ).
Bearsden and
Milngavie
In the county of Dunbarton-the burghs
of Bearsden, Milngavie; that part of
the electoral division of Hardgate lying
within the parish of New Kilpatrick.
Bishopbriggs
and
Kirkintilloch
In the county of Dunbarton -the burgh
of Kirkintilloch; those parts of the
electoral divisions of Twechar and
Waterside lying outwith the designated
area of Cumbernauld New Town.
In the county of Lanark -the burgh of
Bishopbriggs ; the electoral divisions of
Chryston, Stepps .
In the county of Stirling-the Western
No. 3 district.
Cumbernauld
In the county of Dunbarton -the burgh
of Cumbernauld; the electoral division
of Croy and Dullatur and those parts
of the electoral divisions of Twechar
and Waterside lying within the desig-
nated area of Cumbernauld New Town.
In the county of Stirling -the burgh of
Kilsyth; the electoral division of Kilsyth
West ; the polling district of Kilsyth
East ( Banton) .
Nameof
Region
Strathclyde
-contd.
Part III
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2077
SCH. 1
District
Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Monklands... In the county of Lanark -the burghs of
Airdrie, Coatbridge; the Ninth district
( except the electoral divisions of
Baillieston, Chryston, Garrowhill,
Mount Vernon and Carmyle, Spring-
boig, Stepps) ; in the Seventh district ,
the electoral division of Shottskirk.
Motherwell.. In the county of Lanark -the burgh of
Motherwell and Wishaw; the Sixth
district (except the electoral divisions
of Bothwell and Uddingston South,
Uddingston North) , the Seventh district
( except the electoral division of Shotts-
kirk ).
Hamilton ... In the county of Lanark -the burgh of
Hamilton; the Fourth district (except
the electoral division of Avondale) ; in
the Sixth district, the electoral divisions
of Bothwell and Uddingston South,
Uddingston North; in the Eighth
district, the electoral divisions of Blan-
tyre, Stonefield, and that part of High
Blantyre electoral division lying outwith
the designated area of East Kilbride
New Town.
East Kilbride ... In the county of Lanark-the burgh of
East Kilbride ; in the Fourth district, the
electoral division of Avondale; in the
Eighth district, those parts of High
Blantyre, Cambuslang South, and
Carmunnock electoral divisions lying
within the designated area of East
Kilbride New Town.
Eastwood ...
In the county of Renfrew -the First
district.
Lanark ...
In the county of Lanark-the burghs of
Biggar, Lanark ; the First, Second,
Third districts.
Renfrew ...
In the county of Renfrew -the burghs of
Barrhead, Johnstone, Paisley, Renfrew ;
the Second, Third, Fourth districts .
Inverclyde...
In the county of Renfrew -the burghs of
Gourock, Greenock, Port Glasgow;
the Fifth district.
M
2078 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 1
Nameof
Region
District Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Strathclyde Cunninghame... In the county of Ayr -the burghs of
-contd.
Ardrossan, Irvine, Kilwinning, Largs,
Saltcoats, Stevenston; the districts of
Irvine, Kilbirnie, West Kilbride ; those
parts of the designated area of Irvine
New Town within the Ayr and Kil-
marnock districts.
In the county of Bute -the burgh of
Millport; the districts of Arran, Cum-
brae.
Kilmarnock and In the county of Ayr -the burghs of
Loudoun Darvel , Galston, Kilmarnock, Newmilns
and Greenholm, Stewarton ; the district
of Kilmarnock (except that part of the
designated area of Irvine New Town
within this district ) .
Kyle and Carrick
Cumnock and
Doon Valley
In the county of Ayr -the burghs of Ayг,
Girvan, Maybole, Prestwick, Troon ;
the district of Ayr (except that part of
the designated area of Irvine New Town
within this district ), Girvan, Maybole;
that part of the parish of Ayr within the
district of Dalmellington; the polling
district of Coylton.
In the county of Ayr -the burgh of Cum-
nock and Holmhead; the districts of
Cumnock, Dalmellington (except that
part of the parish of Ayr within this
district; the polling district of Coylton).
Dumfries
and
Galloway
Merrick
...
The county of Wigtown.
In the county of Kirkcudbright -the
Western district (except the electoral
division of Anwoth and Girthon ) .
Stewartry
... In the county of Kirkcudbright - the
burghs of Castle Douglas, Dalbeattie,
Gatehouse of Fleet, Kirkcudbright, New
Galloway ; the districts ofCastle Douglas,
Dalbeattie, Glenkens, Kirkcudbright;
the electoral division of Anwoth and
Girthon.
Nithsdale... In the county of Dumfries -the burghs of
Dumfries, Sanquhar; the districts of
Dumfries (except the parishes ofDalton,
Lochmaben), Thornhill, Upper Niths-
dale.
In the county of Kirkcudbright -the
Eastern district.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2079
SCH. 1
Name of
Region
Dumfries
and
Galloway
-contd.
District Area of district by reference to
existing administrative areas
Annandale and In the county of Dumfries-the burghs of
Eskdale Annan, Langholm, Lockerbie, Loch-
maben, Moffat; the districts ofAnnan ,
Gretna, Langholm, Lockerbie, Moffat;
the parishes of Dalton, Lochmaben.
PART IV
Provisions as to boundaries
1. The boundaries of the new local government areas shall be
mered by Ordnance Survey.
2. Any such boundary defined on the map annexed to any order
under Part VI of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1947 by 1947 c. 43.
reference to proposed works shall, until such works are carried out,
be mered as if the boundary had not been so defined.
3. In this Schedule references to existing polling districts shall mean
those districts as bounded as at 16th May 1973 .
Part III M2
2080 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
Section 11 . SCHEDULE 2
ESTABLISHMENT OF NEW LOCAL AUTHORITIES
First elections of councillors
1 .- (1) For the purpose of any election of councillors held before
the relevant year of election, every region and islands area shall be
divided into such electoral divisions, and every district shall be
divided into such wards, as may be specified in a direction made by
the Secretary of State after carrying out, either before or after the
passing of this Act, such consultations as he thinks appropriate.
( 2 ) In this paragraph, " relevant year of election " means, in rela-
tion to a local government area, the first year of ordinary election
of councillors for that area ( being 1978 or any fourth year there-
after in the case of regional or islands councillors, and 1977 or any
of the subsequent years stated or referred to in section 4( 4) of this
Act in the case of district councillors) occurring after the making of
any order constituting the new electoral areas of that local govern-
ment area in consequence of a review under Schedule 5 to this Act.
( 3) A direction under this paragraph may contain such incidental,
consequential, transitional or supplementary provisions as may
appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or proper.
2.- (1 ) At the first elections of councillors for the new local
authorities, the returning officer shall be an officer of the council
appointed by such existing county or town council as the Secretary
of State may direct.
( 2 ) In relation to any such election, if in any electoral division of a
region there is a contested election of a regional councillor, any
contested election of a district councillor for a ward within that
division shall take place in the polling stations and with the presiding
officers and clerks appointed for the election of the regional
councillor.
( 3) Section 7(5 ) of this Act shall not apply to any such election,
but all expenditure properly incurred by a returning officer or other
officer in relation to the holding of that election shall be paid in
the first instance by the council by whom the returning officer was
appointed and shall be defrayed by the existing authorities concerned
in such proportions as may be agreed between them or, in default
of such agreement, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 4 ) In relation to any such election, the power to constitute polling
districts under section 22 of the Act of 1949 shall be exercisable-
(a ) in the case of an islands area, by the returning officer for that
area appointed under this paragraph ;
( b) in the case of a district and of that part of a region which
constitutes that district, by the returning officer for the
district appointed under this paragraph ; and the same poll-
ing districts, so constituted, shall be used for the first
elections of councillors for the council of the district and of
the region which includes the district .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2081
( 5 ) In relation to any such election " the appropriate officer " in
Parts II and III of the Act of 1949 means the returning officer
appointed under this paragraph instead of having the meaning
assigned to that expression by section 55(6) (b) of that Act.
Qualification for membership
3. For the purposes of section 29 of this Act , in its application
to a candidate for membership of a new local authority, the new
local authority areas shall be treated as having been established not
less than twelve months before the day of his nomination as such a
candidate.
First meetings of new councils
4.- (1) The first meeting of each new council shall be held within
twenty-one days immediately following the day of election.
( 2 ) The first meeting shall be convened by a person designated-
( a ) in a case where there is a committee for the area established
under section 230 of this Act, by the committee ; and
( b ) in any other case, by the Secretary of State ;
and shall be held at such place as the said person may appoint.
( 3) The notice of the meeting required by paragraph 2(1) of
Schedule 7 to this Act shall, in the case of the first meeting, be
published at the place where the meeting is to be held, and the
summons to attend the meeting required by that paragraph shall be
signed by the person designated as mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 2)
above.
5.- (1) Until the completion of the election of a chairman at the
first meeting of a new council, the returning officer appointed as
mentioned in paragraph 2 above, or failing him any such councillor
as may be selected by the councillors meeting together, shall exercise
any functions falling to be exercised by the chairman of the council,
but the person so acting as chairman shall not be entitled to vote
unless he is a councillor for the new area.
( 2 ) At the first meeting of a new council the person designated as
mentioned in paragraph 4( 2) above shall exercise any functions falling
to be exercised by the proper officer of the new council in relation
to the meeting.
( 3) The standing orders for the regulation of the proceedings and
business of an existing authority, designated in the manner indicated
in heads (a) and (b) of paragraph 4( 2) above, shall apply at the first
meeting of a new council.
Suspension of elections
6.- (1) No election of councillors of an existing local authority
shall be held after the end of 1973, except an election to fill a casual
vacancy where the date of the election has been fixed in accord-
ance with section 59( 3) of the 1947 Act before the end of 1973 ;
but, notwithstanding the provisions of any local statutory provision,
after the last mentioned date any such casual vacancy may be filled
in accordance with section 59( 1) of that Act by the authority
themselves electing a person to fill the vacancy.
Part III M3
SCH. 2
2082 SCH. 2 Section 11 .
1949 с. 66.
1949 с. 68.
c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
( 2 ) Any councillor of an existing local authority holding office
immediately before the end of 1973 or elected after the end of that
year shall, unless he resigns his office or it otherwise becomes vacant,
continue to hold office until 16th May 1975 :
Provided that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall operate to
continue any councillor in the office of provost, bailie, honorary
treasurer, judge of police or dean of guild of a burgh beyond the
date at which he would have ceased to hold that office if this Act
had not been passed, and any reference in any enactment to the
day of an annual election of councillors shall be construed as a
reference to the day on which such election would have been held
if this Act had not been passed.
SCHEDULE 3
AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION OF ELECTION LAW
House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1949
1. In Schedule 2 ( Rules for redistribution of seats), for paragraph
4( 1)(b) there shall be substituted the following-
" (b) in Scotland, regard shall be had to the boundaries of local
authority areas ; " ;
and in paragraph 4( 2), before the definition of " county ", there shall
be inserted the following-
" " area " and " local authority " have the same meanings
as in the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973. " .
Representation of the People Act 1949
2. For section 6( 3) (electoral registration officers in Scotland) there
shall be substituted the following subsection : -
"( 3) In Scotland , the council of every region and islands
area shall appoint an officer of the council for their area or
for any adjoining region or islands area, or an officer appointed by
any combination of such councils, to be registration officer for
any constituency or part of a constituency which is situated
within that region or islands area. "
3.- (1 ) In section 11 ( polling districts and polling places), in sub-
section (2) (b), the words 66
or, in Scotland, each electoral division "
shall cease to have effect, and after subsection ( 2)(b) there shall be
added the following paragraph-
" (bb) In Scotland, each electoral area established for the pur-
pose of local government elections which is within the
constituency, and that part within the constituency of any
such area which is partly within the constituency and
partly within another constituency, shall, in the absence of
special circumstances, be a separate polling district or
districts ; "
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2083
( 2 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of section 11, in the definition of " interested
66
authority " , for the words any county, town or district council "
there shall be substituted the words " the council of any region,
islands area or district ".
4. In section 22 (polling districts and polling stations at local
government elections), after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the
following subsection-
" (1A ) In Scotland, for elections of regional or islands coun-
cillors the regional or islands council may divide an electoral
division into polling districts and may alter any polling district,
and for elections of district councillors the district council may
divide a ward into polling districts and may alter any polling
district ; but in the absence of special circumstances the said
polling districts shall be those which were last designated for the
purpose of parliamentary elections under section 11 of this Act. "
5. In section 40( 2 ) (person responsible for making out corrupt
"
and illegal practices list ), the words from " in England to " in
Scotland " shall cease to have effect.
6.- (1) In section 41( 2 ) ( deputy registration officers), the words
" Except in Scotland " shall cease to have effect, and after the words
" Secretary of State " there shall be inserted the words 66
or in Scot-
land by the council which appointed the registration officer ".
( 2 ) In section 41, after subsection ( 5 ) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" (5A ) In Scotland, the council of a region or islands area
may assign officers to assist the registration officer in carrying
out any of his duties in relation to the registration of electors
upon such terms as may be agreed between the council and the
person carrying out the duties. "
7. In section 43 (payment of expenses of registration) in subsection
( 1) the words from " and there shall be paid " onwards, and sub-
section (8) shall cease to have effect.
8. In section 52( 2) ( offences in connection with nomination papers)
in paragraph ( a ) the words " or , in the case of an election of town
councillors, to the town clerk " shall cease to have effect, and in
paragraph (b) for the words from " proposer " to " therein " there
shall be substituted the words " in any other capacity certifies the
truth of any statement contained therein, knowing such statement ".
9. In section 55( 6 ) ( meaning of " appropriate officer " in Part II),
in paragraph (b) the words " in England and Wales " and paragraph
( c ) shall cease to have effect.
10. In section 83(1)(b) (use of schools and rooms for local election
meetings) for the words " a district council " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " the council of an islands area or district ", and in
section 83( 4) the word " district " shall cease to have effect .
Part III M4
SCH. 3
2084 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 3 11. In section 86( 4 ) (officials not to act for candidates) the words
"town clerk or town clerk depute" (where they first occur ) shall
cease to have effect , and for the words from " county " onwards there
shall be substituted the words " sheriff court district for which he is
sheriff clerk ".
12. In section 113( 3) (person to whom petition questioning local
election is presented ), for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted
the following paragraph-
" (b) in Scotland, to the sheriff principal of the sheriffdom in
which the election took place or, where the election was in
respect of a local authority whose area is situated within
more than one sheriffdom, to the sheriffs principal of the
sheriffdoms in which the area of the authority is situated."
13. In section 117 (constitution of election court, etc.): -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words after " tried " there shall be
substituted the following words-
"(a ) by the sheriff principal of the sheriffdom within
which the challenged election took place ; or
( b ) where the election was in respect of a local autho-
rity whose area is situated within more than one sheriff-
dom, by the sheriffs principal of the sheriffdoms in which
the area of the authority is situated ; and where in such
a case the sheriffs principal are unable to reach a unani-
mous decision, they shall state a case for the Court of
Session and the Court may pronounce any deliverance
which it would have been competent for the sheriffs to
make. " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words " by the court " there shall
be substituted the words " (unless imposed or made by the
Court of Session in consequence of a case stated under sub-
section (1) above) " ;
(c ) for subsection ( 3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 3) The place of trial shall be such place within the
sheriffdom or sheriffdoms in which the area of the local
authority is situated as the election court may deter-
mine. " ;
( d ) in subsection (4 ) , for the word " sheriffdom " there shall be
substituted the words " said sheriffdom or sheriffdoms " .
14. In section 139( 3) (incapacity of candidate guilty of corrupt or
66
illegal practice ) for the words a county, town or district council "
there shall be substituted the words " any local authority " .
15. In section 166 (local elections in Scotland excluded from
Parts II and III of Act), for the word " 1947 " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " 1973 " .
16. In section 173 ( general application to Scotland) : -
( a ) in subsection ( 2), the words from the beginning to
" towncouncillor, and " shall cease to have effect ;
Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2085
( b) subsection (3) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 8), the definitions of " assessor ” , “ burgh ",
" large burgh " and " small burgh ", and " elected district
councillor " shall cease to have effect ; in the definition of
66
" electoral area for the words burgh, ward or other
area" there shall be substituted the words " or ward " ; in
the definition of " local elections rules " for the words
"local elections rules in the Third Schedule to this Act "
there shall be substituted the words " rules made under
section 7 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " ;
in the definition of " local government Act " for the word
" 1947 " there shall be substituted the word " 1973 " ; and
in the definition of " local government area " for the words
"
county, burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" region, islands area".
17. In Schedule 2, in rule 11 of the Parliamentary Elections Rules
( place for delivery of nomination papers), at the beginning of
sub-paragraph ( 2) there shall be inserted the words " Except in
Scotland, " and at the end there shall be added the following sub-
paragraph: -
"(3) In Scotland the place shall be in-
( a ) the constituency, or
( b) the district or (if more than one) any of the districts in
which the constituency is situated, or
( c ) any district adjoining the district or districts ( as the
case may be) in which the constituency is situated. "
18. In Schedule 7, in paragraph 6(b) (duty to keep lists of meeting
rooms, etc.) for the words from " town clerk " to " burgh or county
"
there shall be substituted the words " proper officer of the council
of every islands area and district to prepare and keep for each
constituency wholly situated in the area of the council ".
House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats ) Act 1958
19. In section 4( 4 ) (objections by interested persons to Boundary
Commission recommendations ) for the words from " for the refer-
ence" onwards there shall be substituted the words " local authority
means the council of a region, islands area or district. "
Representation of the People Act 1969
20. In section 11 (election agents and polling agents ), in subsection
( 3), at the beginning, there shall be inserted the words " Except in
66
Scotland, " and the words or, in Scotland, an electoral division "
shall cease to have effect, and after subsection ( 3) there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
" (3A) In Scotland, the office of the election agent for a
parliamentary election shall be within the constituency or an
adjoining constituency or in a district which is partly comprised
in or adjoins the constituency, and that of a sub-agent shall be
in the area within which he is appointed to act; and the office
of an election agent for a local government election shall be
SCH. 3
1958 с. 26.
1969 с. 15.
2086 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 3 within the local government area, or in the constituency or one
of the constituencies in which the area is comprised, or in a
district which adjoins the area. "
21 .- (1) In section 13(1) ( countermand or abandonment of poll
on death of candidate), in paragraph (b), after the date " 1949 "
there shall be inserted the words or, in Scotland, of section 9 of the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973, ".
( 2) In section 13( 3) (application of Schedules 2 and 3 to the Act
of 1949 to documents relating to an abandoned poll ), for the words
" Schedules 2 and 3 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule
2" ; section 13( 4 ) shall cease to have effect ; and in section 13( 5) the
words " and rule 18 of those in Schedule 3 " shall cease to have
effect .
22. In section 14 (miscellaneous amendments of elections rules),
for the words " Schedules 2 and 3 " there shall be substituted the
words " Schedule 2 " ; and the words " and the local elections rules "
shall cease to have effect.
23. In Schedule 2 ( consequential, etc. amendments of Act of
1949 ), in paragraph 25, sub-paragraph (1) shall cease to have effect,
in sub-paragraph ( 2) the words " and rule 24 of the local elections
rules in Schedule 3 " shall cease to have effect , and in head (b) for
the words " each of those rules " there shall be substituted the words
" that rule".
Section 12. SCHEDULE 4
CONSTITUTION AND PROCEEDINGS OF THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT
BOUNDARY COMMISSION FOR SCOTLAND
1 .- (1 ) The Boundary Commission shall be a body corporate
consisting of a chairman, a deputy chairman and not more than
four other members.
( 2) The members of the Commission shall be appointed by the
Secretary of State and , subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, shall
hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of their respective
appointments.
(3) The Secretary of State may remove a person from membership
of the Commission if he is satisfied that that person-
( a ) has had his estate sequestrated or has made a trust deed for
behoof of his creditors or a composition contract :
(b ) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness ;
( c ) has been absent from meetings of the Commission for a
period longer than six consecutive months otherwise than
for a reason approved by the Secretary of State ; or
( d ) is otherwise unable or unfit to discharge the function of a
member.
( 4 ) The common seal of the Commission shall be authenticated by
the signature of a member of the Commission or of some other
person authorised in that behalf by the Commission.
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
2087
2.- (1 ) There shall be paid to each member of the Boundary Com-
SCH. 4
mission such salary or fees and allowances as may from time to
time be determined by the Secretary of State with the consent of
the Minister for the Civil Service.
(2) The Commission may pay such pension, allowance or gratuity
to or in respect of any member of the Commission on his retirement
or death, or make such payments towards the provision of such
pension , allowance or gratuity, as the Secretary of State may, with
the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service, determine.
( 3) If a person ceases to be a member of the Commission, and it
appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances
which make it right that that person should receive compensation,
the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Minister for the
Civil Service, require the Commission to pay to that person a sum
of such amount as the Secretary of State may, with the consent
aforesaid, determine.
3. Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 1957 c. 20.
( offices disqualifying for membership) shall have effect, in its
application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United
Kingdom-
( a ) as if in Part II, in the appropriate place in alphabetical order,
there were inserted the entry-
" The Local Government Boundary Commission for
Scotland " ; and
( b ) as if in Part III, in the appropriate place in alphabetical
order, there were inserted the following entry-
"Assistant Commissioner appointed under Part II of
the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
4 .- (1) The Secretary of State may appoint , to assist and advise the
Boundary Commission in the exercise of the Commission's functions,
such persons as he thinks fit, being persons having expert knowledge
likely to be of value to the Commission.
( 2 ) There shall be paid to persons appointed under this paragraph
such fees and allowances as may from time to time be determined by
the Secretary of State with the consent of the Minister for the Civil
Service .
5. At any meeting of the Boundary Commission three shall be the
quorum.
6. All acts done at a meeting of the Boundary Commission shall,
notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was a
defect in the appointment of a person purporting to be a member
of the Commission, be as valid as if the defect had not existed.
7. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule and to the
provisions of, and of any directions given under, Part II of this
Act, the procedure of the Boundary Commission at and in con-
nection with their meetings shall be such as they may from time to
time determine.
2088 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 4 Officers and servants, remuneration and expenses
8. (1) The Secretary of State may appoint a secretary to the
Boundary Commission and such other officers and servants of the
Commission as he may, with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service, determine.
( 2 ) Before appointing a person to be secretary to the Commission,
the Secretary of State shall consult with the Commission.
( 3) The terms and conditions of appointment of any person
appointed under this paragraph shall be determined by the Secretary
ofState with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service.
( 4) The Commission may, with the approval of the Secretary of
State and of the Minister for the Civil Service, pay to its officers and
servants such remuneration, allowances and expenses as may from
time to time be determined.
( 5) The Commission may, with the approval of the Secretary of
State, pay such pensions, allowances or gratuities to or in respect
ofany of its officers or servants on their retirement or death, or make
such payments towards the provision of such pensions, allowances or
gratuities, as may be determined.
9. The expenses of the Boundary Commission including-
( a ) the salaries, fees and allowances of its members,
( b ) any payment of or towards the provision of a pension,
allowance or gratuity to or in respect of a member on his
retirement or death,
( c ) any payment of compensation to a person who ceases to be
amember,
( d ) the remuneration and any expenses paid to an assistant
commissioner, and
( e ) the remuneration and any expenses paid to the officers and
servants of the Commission, and
( f ) any payment of or towards the provision of a pension, allow-
ance or gratuity to or in respect of any of the officers or
servants of the Commission,
together with the fees and allowances paid to persons appointed
under paragraph 4 above, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided
by Parliament.
Proof of documents
10.- (1) Every document purporting to be an instrument made or
issued by the Boundary Commission and to be duly sealed with the
seal of the Commission or to be signed by the Secretary or any
person authorised to act in that behalf shall be received in evidence
and, unless the contrary is proved, shall be deemed to be an
instrument made or issued by the Commission.
( 2) Sufficient evidence of any such instrument may in any legal
proceedings be given by the production of a document purporting to
be certified by or on behalf of the secretary of the Commission to be
a true copy of the instrument.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2089
SCHEDULE 5
INITIAL REVIEW OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS AND
ELECTORAL ARRANGEMENTS
1. As soon as practicable after the establishment of the Boundary
Commission, they shall-
( a ) review such local government areas or parts thereof as the
Secretary of State may direct, for the purpose of considering
( subject to sub-paragraph (b) below) whether to make such
proposals in relation to them as are authorised by section 13
of this Act, and what proposals, if any, to make, and the
Commission shall formulate any such proposals
accordingly ;
(b) review the electoral arrangements for all local government
areas for the purpose of considering future electoral arrange-
ments for those areas, and shall formulate proposals for
those arrangements accordingly.
2. The provisions of Part II of this Act shall apply to a review
under paragraph 1(a ) or (b) above as they apply to a review under
section 14 or 16 of this Act as the case may be, but in its application
to a review under either of those sub-paragraphs section 17 of this
Act shall have effect as if it required-
(a ) the Boundary Commission to submit a report on any review
before such date as the Secretary of State may direct ; and
( b) the Secretary of State to make an order thereunder giving
effect to the proposals of the Commission under sub-
paragraph (b) above (whether as submitted to him or with
modifications).
Section 20.
SCHEDULE 6
RULES TO BE OBSERVED IN CONSIDERING ELECTORAL ARRANGEMENTS
1.- (1) This Schedule applies to the consideration by the Secre-
tary of State or the Boundary Commission of the electoral arrange-
ments for election of councillors of local government areas.
( 2 ) Having regard to any change in the number or distribution of
electors of a local government area likely to take place within the
period of five years immediately following the consideration-
( a ) the number of local government electors shall be, as nearly
as may be, the same in every electoral area of that local
government area ;
( b ) every regional electoral division shall lie wholly within a
single district ;
(c ) every district ward shall lie wholly within a single regional
electoral division.
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) above, in considering the electoral
arrangements referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above regard shall be
had to-
(a ) the desirability of fixing boundaries which are and will remain
easily identifiable ;
Section 28.
2090 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 6 ( b ) any local ties which would be broken by the fixing of any
particular boundary.
2. The strict application of the rule stated in paragraph 1(2)(a)
above may be departed from in any area where special geographical
considerations appear to render a departure desirable.
Section43. SCHEDULE 7
MEETINGS AND PROCEEDINGS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
1.- (1) A council shall hold in every year such meetings as they
think necessary and in an election year shall hold a meeting within
21 days from the date of the election.
( 2 ) Meetings shall be held at such hours and on such days as
the council at their first meeting decide or by standing order
determine.
( 3) Meetings shall be held at such place, either within or without
their area, as the council may direct.
( 4 ) A special meeting may be called at any time by the chair-
man of the council or on the requisition of at least one-fourth
of the whole number of members of the council, which meeting
shall be held within 14 days of receipt of the requisition by the
proper officer of the council.
2 .- (1) Three clear days at least before a meeting of acouncil-
( a ) notice of the time and place of the intended meeting shall
be published at the council's offices and, where the meet-
ing is called by members of the council, the notice shall
be signed by those members and shall specify the business
proposed to be transacted thereat ; and
(b) a summons to attend the meeting, specifying the business
to be transacted thereat and signed by the proper officer
of the council, shall, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below,
be left at or sent by post to the usual place of residence of
every member of the council.
( 2) If a member of a council gives notice in writing to the proper
officer of the council that he desires summonses to attend meetings
of the council to be sent to him at some address specified in the
notice other than his place of residence, any summons addressed
to him and left at or sent by post to that address shall be deemed
sufficient service of the summons.
( 3) Want of service of a summons on any member of a council
shall not affect the validity of a meeting of the council.
( 4 ) Except in the case of business required by or under this or
any other Act to be transacted at a meeting of a council, no business
shall be transacted at a meeting of the council other than that
specified in the summons relating thereto.
3.-(1 ) At a meeting of a council the chairman, if present, shall
preside .
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2091
( 2 ) If the chairman is absent from a meeting of the council,
another member of the council chosen by the members of the
council present shall preside.
4.- (1 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, no business shall be
transacted at a meeting of a council unless at least one-fourth of
the whole number of members of the council are present.
(2) Where there are at the same time vacancies in the case of more
than one-third of the members of a council, then until the number of
members in office is increased to not less than two-thirds of the whole
number of members of the council, the quorum of the council shall
be determined by reference to the number of members of the
council remaining instead of by reference to the whole number of
members of the council, so however that the quorum shall never be
less than one-eighth of the whole number of members of the council
or three members, whichever is the greater number.
5.- (1 ) Subject to this or any other Act, all questions coming
or arising before a council shall be decided by a majority of the
members of the council present and voting thereon at a meeting of
the council.
( 2 ) In the case of an equality of votes the person presiding at
the meeting shall have a second or casting vote except where the
matter which is the subject of the vote relates to the appointment to
any particular office or committee, in which case the decision shall be
by lot.
6. The names of the members present at a meeting of a council
shall be recorded.
7.- (1 ) Minutes of the proceedings of a meeting of a council
shall be drawn up and shall be signed at the same or next following
meeting of the council by the person presiding thereat, and any
minute purporting to be so signed shall be received in evidence
without further proof.
( 2 ) Until the contrary is proved, a meeting of a council a
minute of whose proceedings has been made and signed in accord-
ance with this paragraph shall be deemed to have been duly con-
vened and held, and all the members present at the meeting shall
be deemed to have been duly qualified .
8. Subject to the provisions of this Act, a council may make
standing orders for the regulation of their proceedings and business
and may vary or revoke any such orders.
9. The proceedings of a council shall not be invalidated by any
vacancy among their number or by any defect in the election or
qualifications of any member thereof.
10.- (1) Paragraphs 5 to 9 above (except paragraph 7(2)) shall
apply in relation to a committee of a council ( including a joint com-
mittee ) or a sub-committee of any such committee as they apply in
relation to a council.
SCH. 7
2092 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 7 ( 2 ) Until the contrary is proved, where a minute of any meeting
of any such committee or sub -committee has been made and signed
in accordance with paragraph 7 above as applied by this paragraph,
the committee or sub-committee shall be deemed to have been duly
constituted and to have had power to deal with the matters referred
to in the minute, the meeting shall be deemed to have been duly
convened and held and the members present at the meeting shall be
deemed to have been duly qualified .
Section 97. SCHEDULE 8
PROVISIONS AS TO THE COMMISSION
FOR LOCAL AUTHORITY ACCOUNTS IN SCOTLAND
1. The Commission for Local Authority Accounts in Scotland
( hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the Commission ") shall
be a body corporate and shall have a common seal.
2.- (1) Each member of the Commission shall, subject to sub-
paragraph ( 4) below, hold and vacate office in accordance with the
terms of his appointment.
( 2) A member of the Commission may at any time resign office as
such by notice in writing given to the Secretary of State.
( 3) A person who has held office as a member of the Commission
shall be eligible for reappointment.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may remove a person from membership
of the Commission if he is satisfied that that person-
(a ) has had his estate sequestrated or has made a trust deed for
behoof of his creditors or a composition contract ;
( b) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness ;
( c ) has been absent from meetings of the Commission for a
period longer than six consecutive months otherwise than
for a reason approved by the Secretary of State ; or
( d ) is otherwise unable or unfit to discharge the function of a
member.
3.- (1 ) The Secretary of State shall appoint one of the members
of the Commission to be chairman, and another of the members of
the Commission to be deputy chairman , of the Commission.
( 2 ) The chairman or deputy chairman of the Commission may at
any time resign office as such by notice in writing given to the
Secretary of State.
(3 ) If the chairman or deputy chairman of the Commission ceases
to be a member of the Commission he shall cease to be chairman
or, as the case may be, deputy chairman of the Commission.
4.- (1) At any meeting of the Commission the quorum shall be
five or such larger number as the Commission may determine.
( 2) In the case of an equality of votes at any meeting of the
Commission the person acting as chairman of the meeting shall have
a second or casting vote.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2093
( 3) The proceedings of the Commission shall not be invalidated
by any vacancy in their membership or by any defect in the appoint-
ment of any person as a member, or as chairman or deputy chairman,
of the Commission.
( 4 ) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the
Commission shall have power to regulate their own procedure.
5.- (1) The application of the seal of the Commission to any
document shall be authenticated by the signatures of at least one
member of the Commission and of an officer of the Commission
authorised by them in that behalf.
( 2 ) Any document purporting to be a document issued by the
Commission and to be duly sealed as provided in sub-paragraph ( 1)
above or to be signed on behalf of the Commission shall be received
in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be
a document so issued.
6.- (1 ) Officers and agents appointed by the Commission shall hold
office on such reasonable terms and conditions, including conditions
as to remuneration, as the Commission think fit.
( 2 ) The Commission may pay such pensions, allowances or
gratuities to or in respect of any of their officers on their retirement
or death, or make such payments towards the provision of such
pensions, allowances or gratuities, as the Commission think fit.
7. The Commission shall have power generally to do such acts as
may appear to them to be necessary or expedient for the proper
discharge of their functions and, without prejudice to the generality
of the foregoing provision, the Commission may-
( a ) borrow , on the security of any property belonging to them,
any money necessary for the purpose of meeting any
expenses incurred by them in or in connection with the
discharge of their functions ;
(b) acquire such property (whether heritable or moveable) as
may, in the opinion of the Commission, be necessary or
desirable for the discharge of any of their functions, and
dispose as they think fit of any property so acquired.
SCH. 8
SCHEDULE 9
AMENDMENTS WITH RESPECT TO FINANCE
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947
1. In section 195, after the words " this Act " there shall be
inserted the words 66
or Part VII of the Local Government (Scotland )
Act 1973."
2. In section 216-
( a ) for the words from " as early " to " July " there shall be
substituted the words " by such date as may be prescribed " ;
Section 122.
1947 с. 43.
2094 с. 65
Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 9
( b ) for the words from " as the authorities " to " determine "
"
there shall be substituted the words as may be
prescribed" ;
( c ) at the end there shall be inserted the following words : -
" In this section-
( a ) references to a joint committee or joint board
shall be construed as references to a joint com-
mittee or joint board all the members of which,
other than ex officio members, are appointed by
one or more local authorities ;
( b) ' prescribed ' means prescribed by regulations
made by the Secretary of State under section 111
of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973. "
3. In section 221 , the words " corresponding to or as nearly as may
be to the year " shall cease to have effect.
4. In section 223, the proviso shall cease to have effect.
5. In section 229-
( a ) subsection (2 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( b) in subsection (3), the words " or of the provisions of any
local Act " and the words from " and the provisions " to
the end shall cease to have effect.
6. In section 231, the words " and save as otherwise provided in
any local Act ", the words " the office of the collector of the
authority or at " and the word " other " shall cease to have effect.
7. In section 232, in subsection (1), in the proviso, paragraph (c)
shall cease to have effect.
8. In section 234, the words from " made up under " to the end
shall cease to have effect.
9. In section 237-
( a ) subsection ( 2)( f ) shall cease to have effect ;
(b) for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" (3) A demand note shall be in such form, and shall
contain such information in addition to the information
required by subsection ( 2) above, as may be prescribed
by regulations made by the Secretary of State under
section 111 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
. " 1973
10. In section 238, subsection ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect.
11. In section 243, in subsection (1), the words " in a local Act or
shall cease to have effect .
12. In section 252, the words from " whether such expenses ود
" county council " shall cease to have effect .
ور
to
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2095
13. In section 258, in subsection ( 1)
SCH. 9
( a ) for paragraph (d ) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph: -
" (d ) in the case of a local authority being the council
of a region, for the purpose of lending to the council of
any district which falls within that region any money
which that district council are authorised to borrow ; " ;
(b ) paragraph (e) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in paragraph ( g ), the words from the beginning to "town
council " shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) after paragraph ( g) there shall be inserted the following
paragraphs : -
66 ( ga ) for the purpose of lending to any community
council established for their area or any part thereof under
Part IV of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ;
( gb ) for the purpose of lending to any harbour autho-
rity within the meaning of section 57(1) of the Harbours 1964 c. 40.
Act 1964 for a harbour situated wholly or partly within
their area any money which the harbour authority are
authorised to borrow ; and ".
14. In section 258, in subsection (2), for the words " in respect of
sums requisitioned from that authority by another authority" there
shall be substituted the words " to another authority on account of
rates" .
15. In section 258, in subsection ( 3), for the words " the Minister
concerned is " there shall be substituted the words " they are " ;
and the words from " and gives " to the end shall cease to have
effect .
16. In section 259-
( a ) in subsection (1), paragraph ( a ) shall cease to have effect
and in the proviso, for the words " paragraphs (a) and "
there shall be substituted the word " paragraph " ;
(b) subsections ( 2 ) and ( 3) shall cease to have effect .
17. In section 260-
( a ) in subsection (1), in paragraph (e), the words " in the case
of a county council or town council " shall cease to have
effect;
( b ) subsection (2 ) shall cease to have effect.
18. In section 261-
( a ) in subsection (1) , for the words " county council or a town
council " there shall be substituted the words "local
66
authority " ; the words on or after the sixteenth day of
May nineteen hundred and thirty and by a district council
after the commencement of this Act " shall cease to have
effect ; for the words " of the council " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " of the authority " ; the words from
" and all money " to pari passu shall cease to have66
2096 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 9
1925 с. 15.
1966 с. 49.
effect ; for the words " a council " there shall be substituted
the words " a local authority " ; and for the words " which
the council " there shall be substituted the words " which
the authority " ;
(b) in subsection ( 3), for the words " town council of a burgh "
there shall be substituted the words " council of an islands
area or district " ; and for the words " the burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " the islands area or
district" ;
(c ) in subsection (5 ), for the words " section seventy-one of, or
the Fourth Schedule to, the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1925 "
there shall be substituted the words " section 165 of, or
Schedule 7 to, the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 " .
19. In section 262, in subsection (1), in paragraph (b) of the proviso,
for the words " paragraph (d ), ( e), ( f ) or ( g) " there shall be substi-
tuted the words " paragraph (d ), ( f) , (g), (ga) or (gb) " and the words
from " in order " to " relates " and the words from " in accordance "
onwards shall cease to have effect.
20. In section 263, in subsection (1), for the words " county council
or a town council " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority " ; the words " or under a local Act " shall cease to have
effect ; and for the words " the council ", in both places where they
occur, there shall be substituted the words " the authority " .
21. In section 264, subsection ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect.
22. In section 265, in subsection ( 5 ), the words " with the sanction
of the Secretary of State " shall cease to have effect .
23. In section 266-
( a ) in subsection (1), the words from " and if it appears " to
the end shall cease to have effect ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), the words " with the consent of the Secre-
tary of State " shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ), the words " subject to obtaining the con-
sent of the Secretary of State " and the words " with the like
consent " shall cease to have effect.
24. In section 268, in subsection ( 2), the words from " Where the
treasurer " to the end shall cease to have effect.
25. In section 269-
( a ) in subsections (1) to ( 3), for the words " county council or a
66 "
town council and county council or town council ",
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" local authority " ; and for the words " the council ",
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" the authority " ;
( b) in subsection (1), in the proviso, paragraph (a ) shall cease
to have effect.
26. In section 271 , in subsection (1), the words from " by a county
council ود
to " section " shall cease to have effect and subsection ( 2)
shall cease to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2097
27. In section 272, for the words " county council or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local authority ".
28. In section 273-
( a ) in subsections (1) to ( 3), for the words " county council or
town council " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority " ;
( b) in subsection (1), for the words " the council " there shall be
substituted the words " the authority ".
29. In section 274, for the words " county council or a town
council " there shall be substituted the words " local authority " ; for
the words " the council " there shall be substituted the words " the
authority " ; and the proviso shall cease to have effect.
30. In section 275-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " county council " to
" that effect " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority shall, as from 16th May 1975, " ; and for the
words " the council " there shall be substituted the words
" the authority " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2), for the word " council " there shall be
substituted the word " authority " ;
( c ) subsection (3) shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) in subsection ( 4 ), for the words " town council of a burgh
"
there shall be substituted the words " council of an islands
area or district " ; and for the words " the burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " the islands area or
district ".
31. In section 279-
( a ) the words " with consent of the Secretary of State " shall
cease to have effect ;
( b ) in the proviso, in paragraph (i ), the words from “ shall
require " to " fund or" shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in the proviso, paragraph (ii ) shall cease to have effect .
32. In section 292, for the words " county council or a town
council " there shall be substituted the words " local authority " ; for
the words " the council " there shall be substituted the words " the
authority " ; and for the words " Housing (Scotland ) Acts , 1925 to
1946 " there shall be substituted the words " Housing (Scotland) Acts
1966 to 1972 " .
33. In section 295, for the words " town council of a burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " council of an islands area or district ".
34. In section 379, in subsection ( 1)
( a ) in the definition of " security " , for the words " a burgh
"
there shall be substituted the words " an islands area or
district " ;
SCH . 9
2098 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH . 9
1948 с. 26.
1952 с. 47
( b) in the definition of " statutory borrowing power ", for the
words " town council of a burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " council of an islands area or district ".
35. In Schedule 7, in Form ( 1 )
( a ) in Note (1), for the words " a burgh " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " an islands area or district " ; and the
words " of the burgh " shall cease to have effect ;
( b) in Note (2), the word " district " shall cease to have effect ;
(c ) Note (3) shall cease to have effect.
36. In Schedule 8-
( a ) in the title, for the words " COUNTY COUNCIL OR
TOWN COUNCIL " there shall be substituted the words
" LOCAL AUTHORITY " ;
( b ) in rule 1, for the definition of " appointed day" there shall
be substituted the following definition : -
" appointed day ' means 16th May 1975 " ;
( c ) in rule 1, for the definition of " council " there shall be
substituted the following definition : -
"" council ' means a regional, islands or district
council " ;
( d ) in rule 18, in paragraph ( 4), in the proviso, for the words
66
Housing (Scotland ) Acts, 1925 to 1946 " there shall be
substituted the words " Housing (Scotland ) Acts 1966 to
1972 " ;
(e) in rule 20, for the words from " and the auditor " to the
end there shall be substituted the words " and shall be
audited in accordance with Part VII of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Local Government Act 1948
37. In section 124, in subsection (2), for the words " county, burgh "
there shall be substituted the words " islands area ".
38. In section 144, subsections ( 3), ( 4) and ( 8) shall cease to have
effect in relation to Part V of the Act.
39. In section 145, in subsection (2) —
( a ) the definitions of " large burgh " and " small burgh " shall
cease to have effect ;
( b) for the definition of " local authority " there shall be sub-
stituted the following definition : -
"" local authority ' means a regional, islands or district
council ; ".
The Rating and Valuation ( Scotland ) Act 1952
40. In section 1, in subsection (1), in paragraph ( b), for the words
"
county or burgh ", in both places where they occur, there shall
be substituted the words " valuation area ".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2099
41. In section 3, for the words " rating authority ", in both places
where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " local
authority ".
42. In section 4, for the words " any county, burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " any islands area " ; and for the words " each
county, burgh " there shall be substituted the words " each islands
ود
area " .
43. For section 8(1) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" (1) In this Act ' local authority ' has the same meaning as
in the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 ".
The Valuation and Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1956
44. In section 1-
(a ) subsections (1) to ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( b) in subsection ( 5 ), for the words " section eighty-three or
ninety-three of the Act of 1947 " there shall be substituted
the words " section 116( 2) of the Local Government
(Scotland) Act 1973 " ; and the words " under this section "
shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) subsection ( 6 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) in subsection ( 7 ), the words " appointed under this section "
shall cease to have effect.
45. In section 5, in subsection (1), paragraph (i ) and, in paragraph
( j ), the words from " or in any burgh " to " that burgh " shall cease
to have effect.
46. In section 9, in subsection ( 5), for the words from the begin-
ning to " said copies " there shall be substituted the words " Every
valuation authority shall, when the valuation roll for any year of
revaluation has been made up, cause copies of the said roll " ; and
for the words " copies of the roll are received by them " there shall
be substituted the words " the roll was so made up " .
47. In section 11, at the end there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
" ( 4) Any provision of any local Act which is inconsistent with
the foregoing provisions of this section shall cease to have
effect."
48. In section 21, in subsection (1), the words 66
are situated within
the landward area of a county and " shall cease to have effect .
49. In section 24, in subsection (4), in the definition of " separately
rated area " , for the words from " a burgh ", where they first occur,
to the end there shall be substituted the words 66
an islands area
or district ".
SCH. 9
1956 с. 60.
2100 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 9
1958 с. 64.
1963 с. 12.
66 50. In section 43, in subsection (1), the definitions of " burgh ",
large burgh " and " rating authority " shall cease to have effect.
51. In Schedule 4-
( a ) in paragraph 10, for the words " rating authority " there
shall be substituted the words " local authority " ;
( b ) in paragraph 11, in sub-paragraph (3), in the proviso, for
the words " rating authorities ", in both places where they
occur, there shall be substituted the words "local
authorities ".
The Local Government and Miscellaneous Financial Provisions
( Scotland ) Act 1958
52. Section 8 shall cease to have effect .
The Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1963
53. In section 7, in subsection ( 4), for the words from " estimate
the rateable valuation " to the end there shall be substituted the
following words : -
" estimate the rateable valuation in that year of revaluation-
( a ) in a case where the valuation area is a region, of
each district within that region ;
( b ) in a case where the valuation area is an islands
area, of that islands area ;
and shall send certified copies of the estimate so made to
the rating authority for that region or for that islands area,
as the case may be, to the councils of all districts within
that region and to the Secretary of State. "
54. In section 9-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the word " rules " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " regulations " ; and for the words " this
subsection " there shall be substituted the words " section
111 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " ;
( b ) in subsection (3), for the words 66
area which is a burgh
or the landward area of a county " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " district or islands area " ; for the words
" burgh or landward area " there shall be substituted the
"
words district or islands area " ; and for the words
" landward areas and all the burghs " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " districts and all the islands areas " ;
( c) after subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
" (3A ) The standard penny rate product for any year
of an area which is a region shall be taken to be an
amount equal to the sum of the standard penny rate
products for that year of the districts comprised in that
region." ;
( d ) in subsection ( 4), for the words " the last foregoing sub-
section " there shall be substituted the words " subsection
66( 3) above " and the words to county councils and town
councils " shall cease to have effect ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2101
(e ) in subsection (6), for the words " burgh or of the landward
SCH. 9
area of a county " there shall be substituted the words
" district or islands area " ; and for the words " burgh or,
as the case may be, the landward area ", in both places
where they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" district or, as the case may be, islands area " ;
( f ) subsection ( 7 ) shall cease to have effect.
55. In section 19, in subsection (2 ), the words " the expression
'local authority ' includes a district council, and " shall cease to
have effect .
56. In section 20, subsection ( 2) shall cease to have effect.
57. In section 21-
(a) in subsection (1), for the words " county council " there shall
be substituted the words " regional council " ; for the words
" the county " , where they first occur, there shall be sub-
stituted the words " the region " ; for the words " the expen-
diture " there shall be substituted the words " the relevant
local expenditure " ; and for the words from " relevant "
66
onwards there shall be substituted the words sum of the
relevant local expenditures for that year of the regional
council and the councils of each district in the region ",
( b) subsection (2 ) shall cease to have effect ;
(c) for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
"( 3) In this section ' relevant local expenditure
,
has the same meaning as in paragraph 5 of Part II of
Schedule 1 to the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966." 1966 с. 51 .
58. In section 26( 2), in the definition of " local authority " , for
the words from " county " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " regional, islands or district council " .
The Local Government (Development and Finance)
( Scotland ) Act 1964
59. In section 8, subsections (2 ) and ( 5 ) shall cease to have effect.
60. In section 9-
( a ) in subsection (1), paragraph ( b) shall cease to have effect ;
(b ) subsections (2 ) and (4 ) shall cease to have effect .
61. In section 10, subsection ( 2 ) shall cease to have effect .
The Rating Act 1966
1964 с. 67.
1966 с. 9.
62. In section 2-
( a ) in subsection (5 ), for the words " section 5 of this Act) " there
shall be substituted the words " the standard scheme pre-
scribed under section 112 of the Local Government (Scot-
land ) Act 1973, including that scheme as varied under
section 114 of that Act) " ;
( b) in subsection (12), in paragraph ( b), the words from " or
any corresponding provision " to the end shall cease to have
effect.
2102 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 9
1966 с. 20.
1966 с. 9.
1966 с. 51.
63. In section 4, in subsection (5 ), the words 66
or any provision for
like purposes contained in any local Act " and the words from 66
or
any such provision " to the end shall cease to have effect.
The Ministry of Social Security Act 1966
64. In section 16, in subsection (2) , for the words " section 5 of the
Rating Act 1966 " there shall be substituted the words " the standard
scheme prescribed under section 112 of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 (including that scheme as varied under section
114 of that Act) " ; and for the word " afforded ", wherever it occurs,
there shall be substituted the word " granted ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1966
65. In section 2, in subsection ( 2 ), in paragraph ( b), the words
" and grants under the Rating Act 1966 " shall cease to have effect .
66. In section 6, in subsection ( 2), for the words " a county " there
shall be substituted the words " the area of any local authority " ;
"
and for the words " the county there shall be substituted the
words " that area " .
67. In section 7, in subsection (1), for the words " local authority "
there shall be substituted the words " rating authority " ; and at the
end there shall be inserted the following words : -
" In this subsection the words ' the amount of the rate ', in
relation to a regional council, mean the aggregate amount of
the regional rate and the district rate " .
68. In section 46 (1), in the definition of " local authority " , for
the words from " county " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " regional, islands or district council ".
69. In Schedule 1, in Part I-
( a ) in paragraph 1, for the words " first be apportioned to all
counties and those burghs which are counties of cities "
there shall be substituted the words " be apportioned to
all regions, islands areas and districts " ;
(b) paragraph 2 shall cease to have effect ;
(c ) in paragraph 5, in sub-paragraph (2), the words from " and
joint " to " constituent councils " shall cease to have effect ;
for the words " the local authorities " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " such classes of local authority as may
be specified in the regulations " ; and for the words " each
authority there shall be substituted the words "such
"
authorities as may be so specified " .
70. In Schedule 1, in Part II-
"
( a ) in paragraph 1, the words from " shall be payable to
burgh, but " shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) paragraph 3 shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in paragraph 4, in sub-paragraph (1), for the words " county
council or town council " there shall be substituted the
words " islands or district council ".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2103
( d ) for paragraph 5 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph:
" 5. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule the
relevant local expenditure in relation to a regional, islands
or district council for any year is so much of the council's
total expenditure for the year as would fall to be met
out of the regional rate, the general rate or the district
rate respectively if no resources element were payable
to that council " .
71. In Schedule 1, in Part III, in paragraphs 2 and 3, for the
words " local authority " there shall be substituted the words
" rating authority ".
72. In Schedule 2-
(a ) in paragraph 19, in head (a ), the words " and, where appro-
"
priate, the separately rated areas shall cease to have
effect ;
( b) paragraph 22 shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in paragraph 27, the definition of " burgh " shall cease to
have effect ; in the definition of " rating area ", for the words
from " of " , where it first occurs, to the end there shall be
substituted the words " of an islands council or of a district
council " ; and the definition of " separately rated area
"
shall cease to have effect.
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969
73. In Schedule 2, in paragraph 2, for the words " as may be
prescribed " there shall be substituted the words " , not exceeding
such sum as may be prescribed, as the local authority may
determine ".
SCH. 9
1969 с. 34.
The Post Office Act 1969
1969 с. 48.
74. In section 53-
(a ) for subsection ( 5 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" (5) An order under subsection (1 ) above for the pur-
poses of the valuation roll for the year 1971-72 may be
varied by a subsequent order, made in the like manner,
so as to include, with respect to the years 1976-77 and
1977-78, any such provision as is authorised by subsection
( 3 ) above to be included therein. " ;
(b) for subsection ( 7 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" (7 ) Expressions used in this section and in the Local 1966 с. 51 .
Government (Scotland ) Act 1966 have the same meanings
in this section as in that Act."
2104 с.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
Sections 124,
125 and 127. SCHEDULE 10
ARRANGEMENTS BY EDUCATION AUTHORITIES FOR DISCHARGE
OF THEIR FUNCTIONS
1. Subject to the provisions of section 124 of this Act and of any
other express provision contained in this Act or any Act passed
after this Act, an education authority may arrange for the discharge
of any of their functions by their education committee, a sub-
committee of that committee, a school or college council, an officer
of the authority or by any other education authority in Scotland.
2. Where by virtue of this Schedule or any other enactment any
functions of an education authority may be discharged by their
education committee, then, unless the authority otherwise direct,
the committee may arrange for the discharge of any of those
functions by a sub-committee, a school or college council or an
officer of the authority.
3. Where by virtue of this Schedule or any other enactment any
functions of an education authority may be discharged by another
education authority, paragraphs 1 and 2 above shall apply in
relation to those functions as they apply in relation to the functions
of that other authority, except that-
( a ) the foregoing provision shall have effect subject to the terms
of any arrangement relating to the functions ; and
(b) that other authority shall not, by virtue of this paragraph,
arrange for the discharge of those functions by some other
education authority.
4. Any arrangement made by an education authority or education
committee under this Schedule for the discharge of any functions
by an education committee, sub-committee, school or college council,
officer or education authority shall not prevent the authority or
committee by whom the arrangement is made from exercising those
functions.
5. An education authority may arrange for the discharge of any
of their functions jointly with one or more other education authori-
ties or other local authorities and, where arrangements are in
force for them to do so-
( a ) they may also arrange for the discharge of those functions
by a joint committee of theirs or by an officer of one of
them, and paragraph 2 above shall apply in relation to
those functions as it applies in relation to the functions
of the individual authorities ; and
( b ) any enactment relating to those functions or the authorities
by whom or the areas in respect of which they are to be
discharged shall have effect subject to all necessary modi-
fications in its application in relation to those functions
and the authorities by whom and the areas in respect of
which ( whether in pursuance of the arrangements or other-
wise ) they are to be discharged.
6. No arrangement shall be made by an education authority for
the discharge otherwise than by their education committee of any
function in regard to the dismissal of teachers.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2105
7. For the purpose of discharging any functions of an education
authority in pursuance of arrangements made under paragraph 5
above an education authority may jointly with one or more other
education authorities or other local authorities appoint a joint
committee.
8. For the purpose of discharging any functions of an education
authority in pursuance of arrangements made under this Schedule,
an education committee or any joint committee appointed under
paragraph 7 above may appoint one or more sub-committees.
9. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the number of
members of a joint committee or sub-committee appointed there-
under, their term of office, and the area (if restricted ) within which
such a joint committee or sub-committee are to exercise their
authority, shall be fixed by the appointing authorities or, as the
case may be, by the appointing committee.
10. A joint committee appointed under paragraph 7 above and
a sub-committee appointed under paragraph 8 above may, subject
to the provisions of section 59 of this Act, include persons who are
not members of the appointing authorities, or inthe case of a
sub-committee, of the authority or authorities of whom they are a
sub- committee.
11. At least half of the members appointed to a joint committee
appointed under paragraph 7 above shall be members of the
appointing authorities.
12. Every member of a joint committee appointed under this
Schedule who at the time of his appointment was a member of
one of the appointing authorities shall, upon ceasing to be a member
of that authority, also cease to be a member of the joint committee
and of any sub-committee thereof ; but for the purpose of this
paragraph a member of an authority shall not be deemed to have
ceased to be a member thereof by reason of retirement if he has been
re-elected a member thereof not later than the day of his retirement.
SCHEDULE 11
AMENDMENTS OF THE EDUCATION (SCOTLAND) ACT 1962
1. In section 6( 3) (co-operation with local authorities in social
activities, physical education, etc. ), for the words " county, town "
there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands ".
2. In section 13 ( provision of hostels), the words from " and
shall " onwards shall cease to have effect.
3. In section 18(5) ( improvements as to premises, etc.), for the
words " county or town " there shall be substituted the words
regional or islands " ."
4. In section 20 (acquisition of land and execution of works), in
subsection ( 1A ), paragraph (a) shall cease to have effect, in paragraph
( b ) for the words " any such use as aforesaid " there shall be sub-
stituted the words use as the site of an educational establishment,66
SCH. 10
Section 129.
1962 с. 47.
2106 с .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 11
1968 с. 49.
or of playing fields to be used in connection with such an establish-
ment, or of an extension to any such establishment or playing fields
( whether contiguous to the establishment or playing fields or detached
therefrom ) " , and the words " acquisition or " shall cease to have
effect.
5. Section 23 (co-operation in the performance of functions) shall
cease to have effect.
6. In section 25 (power of education authorities to make payments
to persons providing education, etc. ), in subsection (1)( c), the words
" with the approval of the Secretary of State " shall cease to have
effect, and subsection (2) shall cease to have effect.
7. In section 71 (power to enforce duty, etc.), after the word
" Act " there shall be added the words " or of any other enactment
relating to education " .
8. In section 85 (dismissal of teachers), in subsection ( 2) , for the
words " a county or town council delegate to their education com-
mittee " there shall be substituted the words " an education authority
arrange for the exercise by their education committee of " ; and
in subsection ( 4 ), the words from " and for any sub-committee "
to " control of the authority) " shall cease to have effect .
9. In section 86 (appointment of director of education ), in sub-
section ( 1 ) , after the words " officer of the authority " there shall be
inserted the words " and shall hold office on such reasonable terms
and conditions, including conditions as to remuneration, as the
authority appointing him think fit. " ; and the words from " and,
on a vacancy " onwards and subsection (2) shall cease to have effect.
10. Sections 88, 89, 90 and 91 shall cease to have effect.
11. In section 125 (procedure on re-organisation of educational
endowments), in subsection (6 ), in paragraph ( b), for the words
" town council of any burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" council of any district ", and, in paragraph (d ), for the words
" burgh or parish " there shall be substituted the word " district " .
12. In section 145 ( general definitions), in paragraph (16 ), for sub-
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) there shall be substituted the words " a
regional or islands council, " ; and the following paragraph shall be
inserted at the appropriate place-
" ( 41AA) ' reporter of the appropriate local authority ' means
the reporter of the appropriate local authority for the purposes
of the Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968. "
Section 130.
1899 с. 44.
SCHEDULE 12
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO HOUSING
The Small Dwellings Acquisition Act 1899
1. In section 12( 1 ) (local authorities in Scotland), for sub-paragraph
(a ) there shall be substituted the following words :-
66 a regional, islands or district council " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
2107
The Housing Act 1914 SCH. 12
2. In section 3( 2) (application to Scotland ), for the words from 1914 с. 31 .
" burgh " to the end there shall be substituted the words " the words
' islands area or district ' shall be substituted for the words ' district
or London borough ' in section 1(2) of this Act in each place where
the words occur."
The Housing and Town Development (Scotland ) Act 1957
1957 с. 38.
3. In section 16 ( 5 ) (provision for failure to carry out duties under
overspill agreements or town development schemes), for the words
" three hundred and fifty- five of the Local Government ( Scotland ) 1947 c. 43.
Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " 210 of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Housing Act 1964
4. In section 12(1) ( interpretation of Part I ) , in the definition of
" local authority ", for the words " a local authority for the purposes
of the Act of 1950 " there shall be substituted the words " an islands
or district council ".
1964 с. 56.
5. In section 101(1) (power to counties and large burghs in Scot-
land to contribute towards expense of housing elderly, infirm or
handicapped persons), for the words from the beginning to " burgh "
there shall be substituted the words " A regional or islands council ".
The Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966
6 For section 1 (local authorities for purposes of this Act), there
shall be substituted the following section-
"Local
authorities 1. Subject to sections 152 and 153 of this Act and
section 130 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973,
for purposes for the purposes of this Act the local authority shall be
of an islands council or a district council, and the district
of the local authority shall be the islands area or the
district, as the case may be. "
1966 с. 49.
7. Section 98 ( duty of medical officers to furnish particulars of
overcrowding ) shall cease to have effect .
8. In section 107 (power to require provision of means of escape
from fire ) , in subsection ( 2) the words from " who are not " to " an-
other fire authority " shall cease to have effect.
9. In section 147 (execution of works by local authority in
connection with housing operations outside their district), the words
" subject to the approval of the Secretary of State " shall cease to
have effect.
10. In section 152 (power of local authority to promote and assist
housing associations), at the end there shall be added the following
subsection-
66 ( 3) In this section any reference to a local authority shall
include a reference to a regional council ".
2108 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 12
1947 с. 43.
11. In section 153 (power of local authority to make arrangements
with housing association for provision of housing accommodation)-
( a ) in subsection ( 1), after the words " local authority " there
66
shall be inserted the words or a regional council " and
for the words " the authority " there shall be substituted
the words " the islands or district council in whose area the
accommodation is to be provided " ;
( b) in subsection ( 2 ), after the words " local authority " there
shall be inserted the words " or regional council " and for
the words " of their district in relation to housing " there
shall be substituted the words " in relation to housing of
the islands area or district where the accommodation is to
be provided".
12. Section 173 (power of Secretary of State to revoke unreason-
ably restrictive byelaws) shall cease to have effect .
13. Section 174 (relaxation of building regulations, etc., in con-
nection with housing operations) shall cease to have effect.
14. In section 184 (penalty for obstructing execution of Act), the
words " the sanitary inspector or " shall cease to have effect .
15. In section 185(1) (b), the words " the sanitary inspector or and
the words " of such officer or " shall cease to have effect.
16. In section 193 (power of Secretary of State in event of failure
of local authority to exercise power), in subsection ( 1)(a) , in head (i),
the word " or " occurring at the end and head (ii ) shall cease to have
effect.
17. In section 195 ( default powers of Secretary of State in relation
to rents) -
( a ) in subsections (1), ( 2) and ( 4), for the words " 356 of the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947 " and the words
" said section 356 " , wherever they occur, there shall be
substituted respectively the words " 211 of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " and the words " said
section 211 " ;
( b ) in subsection (7), for the words " 372 of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the
words " 232 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1973 " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 8), for the words " 356(1 ) of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the
words " 211 ( 1 ) of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act
1973 ".
18. Section 201 (power to obtain report on area ) shall cease to
have effect.
19. In section 208(1 ) (interpretation), the definitions of " burgh "
and " large burgh " shall cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2109
The Housing Subsidies Act 1967 SCH. 12
20. In section 27( 1)(a)(ii) ( qualifying lenders ), for the words 1967 с. 29 .
"county councils and town " there shall be substituted the words
" regional, islands and district " .
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968
1968 с. 31 .
21. In section 51 ( power of local authority to assist in provision
of separate service water pipes for houses ), subsection ( 3) shall cease
to have effect.
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969
1969 с. 34.
22. In section 62 (increase of rents of houses belonging to certain
authorities without notice of removal) -
(a ) in subsection (5), for paragraph ( d ) there shall be substituted
the following paragraph-
" ( d ) a water authority or a water development board
as respectively defined in section 148 of the Local Gov-
ernment ( Scotland ) Act 1973 and section 34(1) of the
Water (Scotland ) Act 1967 " ;
"
( b) in subsection ( 6 ), for the words from " town council to
" combined county " there shall be substituted the words
" regional, islands or district council ".
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
1972 с. 46.
23. In section 16( 4 )(a ) ( rent allowances)
( a ) for the word " 1947 " there shall be substituted the word
" 1973 ” ;
( b ) for the words from " a burgh " to the end there shall be
66
substituted the words an islands or district council or
any trust under the control of a local authority as defined
in the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
24. In section 78(1 ) (interpretation ), in the definition of " year
"
for the words " 174 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947 " 1947 с. 43.
there shall be substituted the words " 96( 5) of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1973 ".
SCHEDULE 13
AMENDMENTS OF THE RENT (SCOTLAND) Aст 1971
Section 132.
1971 с. 28.
1. In section 5( 2 ) (no protected or statutory tenancy where land-
lord's interest belongs to local authority etc.), for paragraph (a) there
shall be substituted the following paragraph-
" (a ) a regional, islands or district council, or a joint board or
joint committee as respectively defined by the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1973, or the common good of an islands
or district council or any trust under the control of a
regional, islands or district council, ".
2. In section 37 (registration areas and rent officers)
( a ) for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (1) The registration areas for the purposes of this
Part of this Act shall be the districts and islands areas. " ;
Part III N
2110 с.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 13
1972 с. 46.
( b ) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (1A ) The Secretary of State may, after consultation
with the local authority or local authorities concerned ,
make directions
(a ) as to the groupings of registration areas or parts
thereof, or
( b) deeming any part of a registration area to be a
separate registration area,
and any reference in this Part of this Act to a registration area
shall include a reference to a grouping of registration areas or
parts thereof and any area deemed to be a separate registration
area by virtue of this subsection. " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 2 ), after the words " local authority " there
66
shall be inserted the words or local authorities " and the
"
words from " and for the purposes to the end shall cease
to have effect ;
( d ) after subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (2A) Where the Secretary of State makes a direction
under subsection ( 1A ) above, or an appointment under
subsection (2) above, which is to come into force on
16th May 1975, he shall be deemed to have consulted
the local authority or local authorities concerned for
the purposes of the said subsection ( 1A) or ( 2) if he has
consulted either the existing or the new local authority
or local authorities before that date. " ;
( e ) subsection (6 ) shall cease to have effect .
3. At the end of section 39 (register of rents) there shall be
added the following subsections-
" (5 ) Any entry-
(a ) in a register ( hereinafter referred to as " the old
register ")
(i ) which is kept under this section before 16th
May 1975, or
(ii) which is kept for any area which ceases to be a
registration area as a result of the establishment of a
new registration area, or
( b) in a separate part of an old register in which rents are
registered for dwelling-houses in respect of tenancies
to which sections 60 to 66 of the Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 apply,
which relates to a dwelling-house which is situated in a new
registration area shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part
of this Act to be an entry in the register or, as the case may be,
in such a separate part of the register kept under this section for
that new registration area.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2111
(6 ) The old register shall be kept by such rent officer, and
SCH. 13
made available for inspection in such place or places and in
such manner as the Secretary of State may direct ; and sub-
sections (3) and ( 4 ) above shall apply to any entry in the old
register which is deemed to be an entry in the register kept
for a new registration area.
66
( 7 ) In this section new registration area means a regis-
tration area established under section 37 of this Act on or
after 16th May 1975." .
4. At the end of section 61 (register of determinations of tribunal )
there shall be added the following subsection-
" ( 4 ) Subsections (4 ), ( 5) and (6 ) of section 89 of this Act
shall apply subject to any necessary modifications for the
purposes of this section and this Part of this Act as they apply
for the purposes of section 89 and Part VII of this Act. ".
5. In section 66(1) (service of notices, etc. ) for the reference to
section 349 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947 there shall 1947 c. 43.
be substituted a reference to subsections (1) to ( 4) and (6 ) of section
192 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 .
6. For section 83 (operation of Part VII) there shall be substituted
the following section-
" Registra-
83.- (1) The registration areas for the purposes of this
tionareas
Part of this Act shall be the districts and islands areas.
forpurposes
of Part VII .
(2 ) The Secretary of State may after consultation with
the local authority or local authorities concerned, make
directions—
( a ) as to the groupings of registration areas, or parts
thereof, or
( b) deeming any part of a registration area to be a
separate registration area.
(3) Where the Secretary of State makes a direction
under subsection ( 2) above which is to come into force
on 16th May 1975, he shall be deemed to have consulted
the local authority or local authorities concerned for
the purposes of that subsection if he has consulted either
the existing or the new local authority or local authori-
ties before that date.
( 4 ) Any reference in this Part of this Act to a registra-
tion area shall include a reference to a grouping of
registration areas or parts thereof and any area deemed
to be a separate registration area by virtue of a direction
under subsection (2) (b) above. "
7. For section 84(1) (rent tribunals ) there shall be substituted the
following subsection-
" (1) For each registration area there shall be a tribunal (in
this Part of this Act referred to as a " rent tribunal ") . " .
8. In section 85(1) ( contracts) the words from " and which is
situated "
to the end shall cease to have effect .
Part III
N2
2112 SCH. 13
1947 с. 43 .
Section 133.
1878 с. 51 .
1889 с. 50.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
9. At the end of section 89 (register of rents under Part VII
contracts) there shall be added the following subsections-
" ( 4) Any entry in a register ( hereinafter referred to as " the
old register " )
( a ) which is kept under this section before 16th May 1975,
or
( b) which is kept for any area which ceases to be a registra-
tion area as a result of the establishment of a new
registration area,
which relates to a dwelling-house which is situated in a new
registration area shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part
of this Act to be an entry in the register kept under this section
for that new registration area.
( 5 ) The old register shall be kept by such rent tribunal and
made available for inspection in such place or places and in
such manner as the Secretary of State may direct ; and subsection
(3) above shall apply to any entry in the old register which is
deemed to be an entry in the register kept for a new registration
area.
( 6 ) In this section " new registration area " means a registra-
tion area established under this Part of this Act on or after
16th May 1975.
10. In section 97 ( local authorities for Part VII), subsection ( 1 )
shall cease to have effect.
11. In section 133(1 ) (interpretation) -
( a ) after the definition of " let" there shall be inserted the
following-
" local authority " means an islands council or district
council ; ' ;
( b ) after the definition of " rateable value " there shall be
inserted the following-
" " rates " means any charges payable in respect of a
rate as defined in the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1947 ; ' .
SCHEDULE 14
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO ROADS
The Roads and Bridges ( Scotland ) Act 1878
1. Any reference in this Act to the county road trustees which by
virtue of section 16 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1889
is construed as a reference to the county council and councillors
shall be construed as a reference to the local highway authority.
2. In section 3 (interpretation ), at the beginning of the definitions
there shall be inserted the following-
"" proper officer ', in relation to an authority, has the same
meaning as in section 235(3) of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 ; "
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2113
3. For section 11 ( management and maintenance of highways) there
shall be substituted the following section-
"Manage- mentof
11. In each region or islands area the management and
highways and
maintenance of the highways and bridges shall be vested
bridges . in and incumbent on the local highway authority."
4. In section 41 (list of highways to be made up ), for the word
" board" there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority ".
5. In section 42 (highways may cease to be such, and other roads
may become highways) -
( a ) for the words from the beginning to " recommending the
same "
there shall be substituted the words " The local
highway authority may " ;
( b ) for the words " county road clerk " there shall be substituted
the words " local highway authority " .
6. For section 45 (provision for footpaths ) there shall be substituted
the following section-
"Provision
45. A local highway authority may make, and if made,
forfoot-
paths.
maintain footpaths on the side or sides of any highway. '
7. For section 47 (local authority to have management of roads
within burghs) there shall be substituted the following section-
" Local
47. The highways and bridges situated within any
highway authority
former burgh shall by virtue of this Act be transferred to
tohave
and vested in the local highway authority, and such
management authority shall have the entire management and control of
ofroads
the same, and shall possess the same rights, powers, and
informer
privileges, and be subject to the same liabilities in refer-
burghs.
ence to such highways and bridges (including the con-
struction of new roads and bridges) as the local highway
authority possess and are liable to in reference to roads,
highways and bridges (including as aforesaid) under sec-
tion 11 of this Act, including the right to any assets
belonging thereto, and shall also have and may exercise
with reference to the construction, maintenance, and repair
of the roads, highways and bridges within such former
burgh such and the like powers and authorities as they
possess with reference to any streets within such former
burgh. "
8. For section 58 (new roads and bridges may be constructed by
the board, and assessed for upon proprietors ) there shall be substi-
tuted the following section-
"Power to
58. The local highway authority may from time to
construct
new roads.
time resolve to construct any new road or bridge that they
may think requisite, or may enter into an agreement with
any person or corporation (including another highway
authority) for the construction of any new road or bridge,
and all new roads and bridges so constructed shall be
highways ; provided that where any such new bridge is
Part III
N3
SCH . 14
2114 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 14 not situated wholly within one region, the agreement for
the construction thereof shall provide for the proportions
in which the expense of the future maintenance of such
bridge shall be divided between the regions in which the
same is partly situated respectively ; and failing such
agreement such expense shall be deemed to rest equally
upon the regions within which such bridge is partly
situated, as the case may be. "
9. In section 109 ( books of former trustees to be evidence), after
the word " whatsoever " there shall be inserted the words " affecting
the local highway authority " .
10. In section 123 (incorporation of parts of General Turnpike Act),
for the words from " and in any county " to the end there shall be
substituted the words " and, in any region or islands area, shall extend
and apply to all the highways made or to be made within such region
or area, and, except in so far as inconsistent with the provisions of any
general or local Act in force therein, within any former burgh or
burghs situated or partly situated within the same ; and in the con-
struction of the aforesaid sections of the said Act, with reference to
this Act, the expression ' trustees under any Turnpike Act ' or words
having the like import, and the expression ' Turnpike Roads ' shall
mean and apply to the local highway authority and the roads, high-
ways and bridges placed under their management by this Act, as the
case may require, in so far as such application shall not be excluded
by the context or any of the provisions of this Act. "
11. In section 124 (recovery and application of penalties), for the
words " of the clerk of the trustees, or of the clerk to the burgh local
authority " and " the treasurer of the trustees or of the burgh local
authority " there shall be substituted the words " the proper officer of
the local highway authority " .
12. In Schedule (C ) -
( a) in section LXXXI (penalty on taking away materials pro-
vided for repairing turnpike roads) , for any reference to
turnpike trustees there shall be substituted a reference to
local highway authority ;
(b) in section LXXXIII (power to use adjoining ground as a tem-
porary road), for any reference to trustees there shall be
substituted a reference to local highway authority ;
(c ) in section XCI (restriction on the erection of houses on the
sides of turnpike road), for any reference to turnpike
trustees there shall be substituted a reference to local high-
way authority and for the word " county " and the words
"
any one of the turnpike trustees or their clerk " there shall
be substituted respectively the words 66
region or islands
area " and the words " the local highway authority " :
( d ) in section XCII (power to water roads), for the words
" trustees of any turnpike road " and " said trustees " there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority " ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2115
( e) in section CII (proprietors to fence pits made near the roads),
for the words " trustees or procurator fiscal " and the words
66
any two of the trustees of such road or the procurator
fiscal of the shire within which the said pit or cut is
situated " there shall be substituted respectively the words
" local highway authority " and " the local highway
authority " :
( f ) in section CIII ( no animal to be pastured on the roads) -
( i ) for the words from " any trustee of such road " to
" authorised by them " there shall be substituted the words
" the local highway authority or their proper officer " ;
(ii) for the words" surveyor or other person " , wherever
they occur, there shall be substituted the words " proper
officer" ;
( g ) in section CV ( gates to open inwards) —
( i ) for the words "trustees of any turnpike road " there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority " ;
(ii ) for the words " their surveyor " and the words " the
surveyor " there shall be substituted the words " the
proper officer of the local highway authority " ;
( h ) in section CVI ( weeds to be cut by trustees) -
(i ) for the words " trustees of every turnpike road " and
" said trustees " there shall be substituted the words
" local highway authority " ;
(ii ) for the words " their clerk or surveyor " there shall
be substituted the words " the local highway authority ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1889
13. Section 16 ( transfer of powers of county road trustees) shall
cease to have effect.
14. Section 41 ( savings ) shall cease to have effect .
The Roads and Streets in Police Burghs ( Scotland ) Act 1891
15. The whole Act shall cease to have effect.
The Roads and Bridges (Scotland ) Amendment Act 1892
16. In section 4 (agreements for construction of new roads) -
( a ) for the words from " road board of a county " to " adjoining
county " there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority enter into an agreement with another local high-
way authority " ;
" "
( b ) for the words " latter county and former county ",
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted respectively
66
the words " area of the latter authority " and area of the
former authority ".
Part III N4
SCH. 14
1889 с. 50.
1891 с. 32.
1892 с. 12.
2116 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 14
1893 с. 32.
1894 с. 58.
1909 с. 47.
1925 с. 68.
The Barbed Wire Act 1893
17. In section 2 (interpretation ) for the words from " Scotland "
to " thereof " there shall be substituted the words " Scotland the
expression ' local highway authority ' means the regional or islands
council".
18. In section 3 (removal of barbed wire where nuisance to
highway )
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " the county or district of
a local authority " and " such local " there shall be sub-
stituted respectively the words " a region or islands area
and " the local highway " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2), for the words " local authority " wherever
they occur there shall be substituted the words " local
highway authority " .
19. In section 4 ( proceedings where local authority is occupier of
the land ) for the words " local authority " wherever they occur, and
"district of the local authority " there shall be substituted respectively
the words " local highway authority " and " region or islands area".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1894
20. In section 29 (maintenance of public ways) for the words
66
parish council " wherever they occur and the word " parish " there
shall be substituted respectively the words " local highway authority "
and " region or islands area ".
The Development and Road Improvement Funds Act 1909
21. For section 10( 2) ( provision as to construction of new roads
by highway authorities ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 2 ) The new road referred to in subsection (1) above, when
constructed, shall be a main road. "
22. In section 16 ( application to Scotland)
(a ) for the words " county council or a town council " there shall
be substituted the words " regional or islands council " ;
"
(b) the words from " References to a county to " respective
powers and duties " shall cease to have effect .
The Roads Improvement Act 1925
23. For any reference in the Act to county council or other high-
way authority there shall be substituted a reference to local highway
authority.
24. In section 6(2) (power to conduct experiments), for the words
from " authority or person "
to the end there shall be substituted
the words " local highway authority ".
25. In section 7 ( joint exercise of powers), the words " between any
of them respectively " shall cease to have effect .
26. Section 8 ( expenses ) shall cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2117
27. In section 12 ( application to Scotland ) -
( a ) inparagraph (b), for the words from " county council " to the
end there shall be substituted the words" regional or islands
council " ;
( b ) in paragraph ( d ), for the words from " county ", where it
first occurs , to " burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" local highway authority in any highway or in any land
forming part thereof unless the local highway authority for
the area " ;
( c ) in paragraph (e ), for the words from " within a burgh " to
the end there shall be substituted the words " within the area
of a local authority shall not be served without the consent
of such authority, and a building line affecting land within
any such area shall not be prescribed by a local highway
authority without the consent of the said local authority."
SCH . 14
The Roads and Streets in Police Burghs ( Scotland ) Act 1925
28. The whole Act shall cease to have effect.
1925 с. 82.
The Bridges Act 1929
29. In section 15 ( application to Scotland), in paragraph ( a), for the
words from county to burgh " there shall be substituted the
66 "
"
words " regional or islands council ".
1929 с. 33.
The Road Traffic Act 1930
1930 с. 43.
30. In section 60 ( application to Scotland) -
( a ) before paragraph (c ) there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
"(cc ) in section 54(1), for the words ' highway
authority ' there shall be substituted the words ' local high-
way authority ' ; " ;
(b) for paragraph (e ) there shall be substituted the following
paragraphs-
" (e) section 53 of this Act shall have effect as if-
(i) for any reference to the council of a county, county
borough or urban district there were substituted
a reference to a local highway authority ;
(ii ) for sub-paragraphs (i ) and ( ii ) of subsection
( 2 )( d ) there were substituted the words ' shall
become vested in and maintainable by such
authority as a highway ' ;
(iii ) in subsection ( 3), for the words ' an official arbi-
trator in accordance with the provisions of the
Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of Compensa- 1919 c. 57.
tion ) Act 1919 ' there were substituted the words
' the Lands Tribunal for Scotland in accordance
with the provisions of the Land Compensation 1963 c. 51 .
( Scotland ) Act 1963 ' ;
2118 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 14
1934 с. 50.
1935 с. 47
1936 с. 5.
( iv ) for any reference to council or councils in sub-
sections (2)(b), (3), (4), (5) and (6 ) there were
substituted respectively references to authority or
authorities. " ;
( c ) at the end there shall be added the following paragraphs-
" ( f ) section 55 of this Act shall have effect as if for the
words from ' council of an urban ' to ' vested in them '
where second occurring there were substituted the words
' local highway authority ' ;
( g ) ' local highway authority ' means a regional or
islands council. "
31. In section 119 (special provisions as to Scotland) -
(a ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " county or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 4 ), for the words from " county " to the end
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands
council".
32. In section 121(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of “ highway
authority ", for the words from " authority " to the end there shall be
substituted the words " local highway authority responsible for the
maintenance of any road ".
The Road Traffic Act 1934
33. Section 23 (power of county councils to light roads) shall cease
to have effect.
The Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935
34. In section 25( 3) (application to Scotland ), for the words
"county or town " there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands " .
The Trunk Roads Act 1936
35. In section 3(2 ) (general provisions as to functions with respect
to trunk roads) -
"
( a ) in paragraph ( b), the words from " shall not to "afore-
said " shall cease to have effect ;
(b) in paragraph ( c ), the words " shall not be exercisable by a
county council in any borough or urban district and " shall
cease to have effect.
36. In section 5 ( delegation of roads functions to local autho-
rities) in subsections (2) and (3), for the word " council ", wherever it
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority ".
37. In section 6 ( miscellaneous provisions as to functions in con-
nection with trunk roads), for any reference to a county council,
council, or council of any county or large burgh there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to a local highway authority.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2119
38. In section 7( 5 ) ( transfer of property and liabilities), for the SCH. 14
word " council " there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority ".
39. In section 12 ( application to Scotland )
( a ) in subsection (2)(a), for the words " large burgh as defined
in the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1929 " there shall 1929 c. 25.
be substituted the words " local highway authority " and in
the proviso, the words " subsection ( 2) of section 3 and
"
shall cease to have effect and for the word " burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " regional or district coun-
cil";
( b ) in subsection (2 ) (b), for the words from " the maintenance "
to " 1929 " there shall be substituted the words " which the
local highway authority " ;
( c ) in subsection (2) ( c ), for the words " county or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority " ;
( d ) in subsection (5 ) , for the words " town council " there shall
be substituted the words " local authority " ;
(e ) in subsection ( 8), for any reference to a local authority there
shall be substituted a reference to a local highway authority ;
( f ) in subsection (9), for the words " council of the county or
large burgh " there shall be substituted the words " regional
council for the area " and the proviso shall cease to have
effect ;
( g ) in subsection (10 ), for the substituted subsection (1) there
shall be substituted the following subsection-
" (1 ) The Minister may by agreement with the local
highway authority delegate to that authority all or any of
his functions (including functions under the enactments
mentioned in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act ) with
respect to the maintenance, repair and improvement of,
and other dealing with-
( a ) a trunk road within the area of the local highway
authority ; or
(b) a trunk road within the area of another local
highway authority if the council thereof consent.
For the purposes of this subsection any reference to a
trunk road shall include a reference to land acquired by
the Minister under this Act which does not form part of a
trunk road. " ;
( h ) for subsection (12 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (12) Any power conferred by any enactment on a
local highway authority to delegate functions to any other
authority shall, as regards functions delegated to or vested
in a local highway authority by or under this Act, be
exercisable with the consent of the Secretary of State but
not otherwise. "
2120 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 14
1946с. 30.
1947 с. 42.
1947 с. 53.
1892 с. 55.
1949 с. 32.
40. In section 13( 1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " former
highway authority ", for the word " council ", wherever it occurs,
there shall be substituted the words " local highway authority ".
The Trunk Roads Act 1946
41. In section 14 ( application to Scotland ) —
( a ) insubsection (3) for the words " large burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " region or islands area " ;
( b ) for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (4 ) For section 2( 3) there shall be substituted the
following subsection-
" ( 3) Where any such order directs that a road
shall cease to be a trunk road, then, as from the
date specified in that behalf in the order, the regional
or islands council shall become the highway
authority for the road." " ;
(c ) in subsection (6 ) for the words from " county borough " to
the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the
words " 666
every county " to the end of the paragraph there
were substituted the words " every region, islands area or
district in which any road to which the order applies is
situated. " " .
The Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure ) ( Scotland )
Act 1947
42. In section 7(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " for the words from " county وو
to the end there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council " .
The Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1947
43. For section 45 (construction and improvement of private
streets) there shall be substituted the following section-
" Construc-
45. The provisions of sections 133 to 135, 137 to 143,
tion and
150, 151 and 154 of the Burgh Police (Scotland ) Act
improve-
ment of
1892 shall apply in relation to any land defined in a
private
development plan as the site of a proposed road or as
streets.
land acquired for the widening of an existing road. "
The Special Roads Act 1949
44. In section 3 ( supplementary orders relating to special roads),
in subsections (1)(e) and ( 4)( c ), for the words " local authority ",
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words " regional
council".
45. In section 21(1) ( interpretation) -
( a ) the definition of " large burgh " shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) for the definition of " local authority " there shall be sub-
stituted the following definition-
" local authority " has the same meaning as in the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 ' .
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с. 65
2121
46. In Schedule 1 ( provisions as to schemes and orders)-
SCH. 14
( a ) in paragraphs 2( a ) and 8( b), for the words " county, burgh "
there shall be substituted the words " region, islands area " ;
( b) in paragraph 5 for the words " (9) of section three hundred
and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947 c. 43.
1947 " there shall be substituted the words " ( 8) of section
210 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ".
The Highways (Provision of Cattle Grids ) Act 1950
47. In section 1 (8)(b) ( provision of cattle grids and by- passes), for
sub-paragraphs (i ), (ii ) and (iii ) there shall be substituted the words
" shall be the regional or islands council for the area in which the
road lies ".
1950 с. 24.
48. Section 16( 4) ( financial provisions ) shall cease to have effect .
49. In section 17(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " highway
authority " for the words from " council of a county " to the end there
shall be substituted the words " regional or islands council " .
50. In paragraph 3( 8) of the Schedule ( procedure for determination
by appropriate authority of certain questions), for the words " sub-
sections ( 2) to ( 9) of section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local
Government ( Scotland) Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the
words " subsections (2) to (8) of section 210 of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Public Utilities Street Works Act 1950
51. In section 36 (application to Scotland )
( a ) in subsection (2) -
(i ) for the definition of " appropriate local authority
"
there shall be substituted the following definition-
" appropriate local authority " means, in relation to
any street, the regional or islands council " ;
(ii ) for the words " not vested in a local authority
"
there shall be substituted the words " not vested in a
regional or islands council " ;
" "
(iii ) for the words town council and " district
council " there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands council " ;
( iv ) at the end there shall be added the words " for
any reference to a county council there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to a regional or islands council. " ;
(b ) in subsection (3), for the words " county or town council
"
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands
council" ;
1950 с. 39.
2122 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 14
1956 с. 67.
1947 с. 43.
( c ) in subsection (14 ), for the words " local authority " there shall
be substituted the words " regional or islands council ".
The Road Traffic Act 1956
52. In section 45( 8) ( provisions as to dual carriageways, round-
abouts and street refuges), for the words " county or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local highway authority " , and
in the substituted subsection (5 ) in that subsection, for the words
" council of a county or a burgh as defined in the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1947" there shall be substituted the words " local
highway authority as defined in the Local Government ( Scotland )
Act 1973 ".
1960 с.16 .
1966 с. 51 .
1967 с. 76.
The Road Traffic Act 1960
53. In section 257(1) ( general interpretation provisions), in the
"
definition of " highway authority " for the words from county
council " to " therein " there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands council".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1966
54. Section 28( 5 ) ( road grants and classifications) shall cease to
have effect.
55. In section 30 (power of existing lighting authorities)
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " lighting authority " there
shall be substituted the words " regional or islands council ";
(b) subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect.
56. Section 31 ( delegation of lighting functions of highway
authority) shall cease to have effect.
57. Section 32 (transfer of road lighting systems) shall cease to
have effect.
58. In section 33 (special provisions as to footway lighting
systems) -
( a ) subsection ( 2 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) for subsection ( 3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 3) If, in the case of a road or part of a road in
which a footway lighting system is maintained by a district
council, the highway authority propose to provide a road
lighting system ( either as a separate system or by means
of alteration to the footway lighting system ), they may
give notice to that effect to the district council. "
The Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
59. In section 1( 2)(a) (traffic regulation orders outside Greater
London ), for the words " county council or a town council " there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority ".
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 с. 65
2123
60. In section 5(1) ( certain councils may make orders under
sections 1 and 28 for purpose of general scheme of traffic control),
for the words "county council or town council " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " local highway authority " .
61. In section 15(8)( b) (regulation of use of highways by public
ود
service vehicles), for the words from " in a burgh to the end
there shall be substituted the words " a regional or islands council ".
62. In section 20(8) (removal of vehicles illegally, obstructively or
dangerously parked, abandoned or broken down) as set out in
Schedule 1 to the Removal and Disposal of Vehicles ( Alteration
of Enactments) Order 1967, in the definition of " local authority ",
for the words " county council or town council of a burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority ".
63. In section 21 ( schemes for establishment of pedestrian cross-
ings on roads other than trunk roads) -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " their district " there shall
be substituted the words " the whole or part of their area " ;
( b ) subsections ( 2) and ( 7 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection (6 ), in paragraph ( b), for the words from
"
" council of a county to the end of the paragraph there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority ",
and the words from " and in relation to" to the end of the
subsection shall cease to have effect.
64. In section 24(2) (arrangements for patrolling school cross-
ings), for heads (i ) and (ii ) there shall be substituted the words
" the regional or islands council " .
65. In section 26( 9) (power of local authorities to prohibit traffic
on roads to be used as playgrounds), for the words from " as regards
roads " to the end there shall be substituted the words " by the
local highway authority " .
66. In section 28 (power of local authorities to provide parking
places ), in subsection (6 )( a ), for the words " county council or town
council " there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority ".
67. In section 35 (provision on highways of parking places where
charge is made), in subsection ( 4 ), for the words " county council
or town council " there shall be substituted the words " local high-
way authority " .
68. In section 52 ( charges for removing and storing vehicles), in
subsection ( 4) (e ), for the words " county council or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local highway authority ".
69. In section 65 (traffic signs: modifications as respects roads
where parking permitted without lights), in subsection ( 2 ), for the
words " county council or town council " there shall be substituted
the words " local highway authority ".
SCH . 14
2124 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 14
1968 с. 73.
1970 с. 20.
70. In section 69 ( bollards and other obstructions on roads outside
Greater London) -
(a ) in subsections (1) and ( 3), for the words " authority who made
the order " there shall be substituted the words " local
highway authority " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), the words from " but, where " to the end
shall cease to have effect.
71. In section 76 (provisions supplementary to sections 71 to 75) -
( a ) in subsection ( 2)( b), for the words from " county " to the end
there shall be substituted the words " local highway autho-
rity " ;
( b ) subsection ( 3) shall cease to have effect.
72. In section 104(1) (general interpretation provisions ), in the
definition of " highway authority ", for the words " county council
or the town council of a burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands council ".
73. Section 105 (effect of certain references to Scottish local
authorities ) shall cease to have effect .
The Transport Act 1968
74. In section 123 ( power of highway and other authorities to
contribute to cost of barriers, etc. , at level crossings), the words from
" and " at the end of subsection ( 1)(a) to the end of the section shall
cease to have effect.
75. In section 124( 4) (Board's obligations at level crossings with
roads other than public carriage roads), for the words " county
council and a town " there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands ".
" 76. In section 159(1) (general interpretation ), in the definition of
highway authority " , in paragraph ( b)(ii), for the words from
"
county " to the end there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands council " .
The Roads (Scotland ) Act 1970
77. In section 4(1)(d ) (power of local authority to contribute to
street works), the words " in special scavenging districts " shall cease
to have effect.
78. In section 28( 3) (use of appliances, etc., on footways and
footpaths ) , the definition of " local authority " shall cease to have
effect .
79. In section 50(1) (interpretation) -
( a ) in the definition of " highway authority ", for the words from
" “
county" to therein " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands council " ;
( b ) in the definition of " local authority ", for the words " town
council or a county " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands " ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65 2125
( c ) in the definition of" local highway authority ", for the words
"highway authority other than the Secretary of State "
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands
council".
SCH . 14
The Local Government (Footpaths and Open Spaces ) (Scotland )
Act 1970
80. In section 5 (interpretation ), in the definition of "local
authority ", for the words " town council or a county " there shall
be substituted the words " regional or islands " .
1970 с. 28.
The Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act 1970
81. In section 21( 8) (badges for display on motor vehicles used
by disabled persons ), for the words " county or large burgh " there
shall be substituted the words" region or islands area ".
1970 с. 44.
The Road Traffic Act 1972
1972 с. 20.
82. In section 31( 7) ( control of dogs on roads ), for the words
66
county council or a town " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands ".
83. In section 35( 5) (b) (control of use of footpaths and bridleways
for motor vehicle trials) , for the words " county council or town "
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands ".
84. In section 38( 5) (b) ( powers of Secretary of State and local
authorities as to giving road safety information and training), for
the words " county council or town " there shall be substituted the
words" regional or islands ".
85. In section 43 ( tests of satisfactory condition of vehicles other
than goods vehicles to which section 45 applies ), in subsection (3),
for the word " county " there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands area " and the words " or of a large burgh ( within the
meaning of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 ) " shall cease 1947 с. 43.
to have effect.
86. In section 55( 7), for the words " county or burgh " there shall
be substituted the words " region or islands area " .
87. In section 196(1) ( general interpretation provisions ), in the
definition of " highway authority ", in paragraph (b ), for the words
from " county " to " therein " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands council ".
88. Section 197 (effect of certain references to Scottish local
authorities) shall cease to have effect.
The Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1972
89. In section 242(1) ( contributions by local authorities), for the
words " local authorities " and " local authority ", where that expres-
sion first occurs, there shall be substituted respectively the words
66 regional or islands councils " and " regional or islands council ",
and for the words " district of the local authority " there shall be
substituted the words " region or islands area ".
1972 с. 52.
2126 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
Section 134.
1959 с. 24.
SCHEDULE 15
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO BUILDING
PART I
The Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959
1. For any reference to a buildings authority there shall be
substituted a reference to a local authority.
2. Section 1 ( constitution of buildings authorities) shall cease to
have effect.
3. In section 2 ( general provisions relating to buildings
authorities) -
(a ) subsections (1) to ( 3) shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (4 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations make
provision with respect to the procedure of local authori-
ties in the exercise of their jurisdiction and functions
under this Act ; and such regulations may in particular
provide for the matters specified in Schedule 3 to this
Act . ".
4. In section 4 ( relaxation of building standards regulations), in
the proviso to subsection ( 2) for the words from " shall " to the end
there shall be substituted the words " may except applications of
any description ".
5. In section 6 (application of building standards regulations and
building operations regulations to construction or demolition, and to
change of use, of buildings) subsection ( 8) ( a) and, in subsection ( 9),
the words " or (b) by a local authority to demolish any building "
shall cease to have effect.
6. Section 7 ( minor works ) shall cease to have effect.
7. In section 8 ( occupation of parts of roads for deposit of
materials etc.) subsection ( 3) shall cease to have effect.
8. In section 9 (certificates of completion ) subsections ( 7) and (8)
shall cease to have effect.
9. In section 10 ( powers in relation to buildings constructed with-
out warrant or in contravention of conditions of warrant, and build-
ings whose life has expired)
( a ) for any reference to a master of works there shall be
substituted a reference to a local authority ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words " buildings authority may
authorise the local authority to" there shall be substituted
the words " local authority may " and the words " and the
local authority shall thereupon be entitled to act accord-
ingly " shall cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2127
10. In section 13 ( action to be taken in respect of buildings
found tobe dangerous ) -
( a ) in subsection ( 1) for any reference to a master of works
there shall be substituted a reference to a local authority ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2) for the words after " that paragraph " there
shall be substituted the words " the local authority, after
giving the owner and any other person appearing to them
to have an interest an opportunity to be heard, may make
an order requiring the owner to execute the said operations
within such period as shall be stated in the order." ;
( c ) for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (4) If an order under subsection (2) above is not duly
complied with, the local authority may execute the
operations which the owner has failed to execute or
demolish the building. " ;
( d ) in subsection ( 5 ) for the words from " or a" to " his
functions " there shall be substituted the words " in
executing their functions ".
11. In section 14 ( power of local authorities to sell materials
from demolished buildings) for the words from " master of works "
to " authority may " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority acting under section 13(1 ) (b) or ( 4) of this Act, they may ".
12. In section 18 (inspection and tests)
( a ) insubsection (1 ) -
( i ) for the words between " this section " and
on
exhibiting " there shall be substituted the words
66
any
person authorised in writing by a local authority ",
( ii) in paragraphs (c) and (d ) for the words " master of
works " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority ",
(iii ) for paragraph (e ) there shall be substituted the
following paragraphs-
" (e ) inspecting any building which the local authority
consider should be examined in order to deter-
mine whether to exercise their powers under
section 11 of this Act ; or
( f ) executing any operations under section 10, 11 or
13 of this Act. " ;
( b ) subsection ( 2 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 3) for the words " thereof , or by virtue of
subsection ( 2) of this section " there shall be substituted the
words " (e) or ( f ) thereof " ;
( d ) in subsection ( 4 ) the words " the buildings authority or '
"
where they first occur and the words " or (2) " shall cease
to have effect, and for the words " buildings authority or
local authority as the case may be " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " local authority " ;
( e ) in subsection ( 7 ) the words " or subsection (2 ) " shall cease
to have effect ;
SCH . 15
2128 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 15
1947 с. 43.
( f ) in subsection (10), for the words " master of works " and
" him " there shall be substituted respectively the words
" local authority " and " them ", and for the proviso there
shall be substituted the following proviso-
" Provided that the local authority, on application
made to them, may if they think fit meet the expense
of carrying out any such test as aforesaid or any part
of that expense.".
13. Section 20(2) (fees chargeable by buildings authorities) shall
cease to have effect .
14. Section 21 ( provisions as to master of works) shall cease to
have effect.
15. In section 23 (inquiries) for subsection ( 2 ) there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
" ( 2) Subsections (2 ) to ( 8) of section 210 of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1973 shall apply to any inquiry held
under this section as they apply to the inquiries specified
in the said section 210."
16. In section 25 (service of notices etc .) -
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " three hundred and forty-
nine of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947" there
shall be substituted the words " 192 of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1973 " ;
(b ) in subsections ( 2) and ( 3) the words " a buildings authority
or " shall cease to have effect.
17. Section 27 and Schedule 8 (transitional provisions ) shall cease
to have effect .
18. In section 29 (interpretation)
( a ) in subsection (1) the definitions of "buildings authority ",
66
burgh ", " landward area " and " master of works " shall
cease to have effect and for the definition of " local
authority " there shall be substituted the following
definition-
"
" local authority means the council of an islands
area or district, except that in the case of a district
situated within the Highland , Borders or Dumfries and
Galloway region it means the council of that region ; ' ;
(b) in subsection ( 4 ) for the words " a county council or a
town council " there shall be substituted the words " or a
local highway authority " ;
(c ) subsections ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) shall cease to have effect ;
66
( d ) in subsection ( 8) the words two or more buildings
authorities or " and the words " such one of those buildings
authorities or, as the case may be" shall cease to have
effect;
( e ) subsection ( 9) shall cease to have effect .
19. In section 30(1) ( local Act provisions ), the proviso shall cease
to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
20. Schedule 1 (enactments relating to dean of guild court
SCH. 15
functions unaffected by the Act of 1959) shall cease to have effect.
21. Schedule 2 ( provisions relating to buildings authorities which
are not dean of guild courts ) shall cease to have effect.
22. In Schedule 6 ( recovery of expenses by charging order ) in
paragraph 1 the words " or a master of works " shall cease to have
effect.
23. In Schedule 7 (evacuation of dangerous buildings) -
( a ) for the second reference to the master of works in paragraph
2 and for the reference to the master of works in paragraph
3 there shall be substituted a reference to the proper officer
of the local authority ;
( b ) for any other reference to a master of works there shall be
substituted a reference to a local authority.
24. In Schedule 9 ( minor and consequential amendments) para-
graphs 2 and 3 shall cease to have effect.
PART II
OTHER ENACTMENTS
25. In the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935, in 1935 c. 47.
section 17(1) for any reference to a buildings authority there shall be
substituted a reference to a local authority.
26. In the Civil Defence Act 1939, in section 33 as applied to 1939 c. 31.
Scotland by section 91(14 ) of that Act, for any reference to a build-
ings authority or a buildings authority within the meaning of the
Building (Scotland ) Act 1959 there shall be substituted a reference 1959 с. 24.
to a local authority, and in the said section 33 " local authority "
means a local authority within the meaning of the Building (Scot-
land) Act 1959.
27. In the Water (Scotland) Act 1946, in section 53 ( provision of 1946 c .42.
water supply for new buildings and houses )
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " buildings authority ( within
the meaning of the Building ( Scotland) Act 1959 ) " and
66
buildings authority " there shall be substituted the words
" local authority " ;
( b ) at the end there shall be added the following subsection-
" (6 ) In this section " local authority " has the same
meaning as in the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959. "
28. In the Clean Air Act 1956, in section 10 ( 5)( b) for the words 1956 с. 52.
"
buildings authority " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority".
29. In the Thermal Insulation ( Industrial Buildings) Act 1957-1957 с. 40.
(a ) in section 12(2) (application to Scotland ) for the words from
" in a burgh " to the end there shall be substituted the
words " the local authority within the meaning of the
Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 " ;
2129
2130 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 15
1959 с. 24.
1971 с.40.
Section 135.
1951 с. 66.
( b ) in sections 2 and 3( 1) (as set out in their application to
Scotland in sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) respectively of
paragraph 6 of Schedule 9 to the Building (Scotland) Act
1959), for the words " buildings authority " there shall be
substituted the words " local authority " ;
( c) in section 4( 3) ( as set out in its application to Scotland in
subsection (5 ) of section 12 and as amended by sub-
paragraph ( 3) of paragraph 6 of the said Schedule 9), for
the reference to the dean of guild court and a buildings
authority there shall be substituted a reference to the local
authority and the words "
or, as the case may be, the plans
of the building were approved by the local authority "
shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) in section 8(1) ( as set out in its application to Scotland in
subsection (8) of section 12), for the words from " sections
three hundred " to " 1947 " there shall be substituted the
words " sections 192 and 193 of, and paragraph 7 of
Schedule 7 to, the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " .
30. In the Fire Precautions Act 1971 , in section 17 ( consultation
by fire authorities) -
( a ) in subsection ( 1)(ii), for the word " buildings " there shall
be substituted the word " local ", and the words " section 1
of " shall cease to have effect ;
66
( b ) in subsection ( 2), the words or buildings authority " shall
cease to have effect .
SCHEDULE 16
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO RIVER PURIFICATION
Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) (Scotland ) Act 1951
1. In section 6(1) (financial provisions ) for the words " counties
and large burghs whose districts " there shall be substituted the
words " regions whose areas " and for the words " administrative
scheme of " there shall be substituted the words " order
constituting " .
2. For section 10(1) (provision as to officers and servants), there
shall be substituted the following subsection : -
" (1) Subject to the provisions of the order establishing the
board under section 135 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act
1973 a river purification board shall appoint such officers as they
think necessary for the proper discharge by the river purification
board of their functions and may pay to such officers such
reasonable salaries as the board may determine and shall make
appropriate arrangements for the superannuation of such officers
as if they were employees of a local authority and any officers
so appointed shall hold office during the pleasure of the board".
3. In section 12(1) (power to appoint agents, etc. ), after the word
" scheme " there shall be inserted the words " prepared in pursuance
of an order under section 135(5) and (6)(b) of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1973 ".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2131
4. For section 13 (application of local government enactments),
there shall be substituted the following section :
" ( 1 ) The following provisions of the Local Government (Scot-
land) Act 1973 that is to say-
(a ) section 82 (Promotion of or opposition to private legis-
lation ) ;
( b) section 192 (Service of notices) ;
(c) section 202 (Procedure etc. for byelaws) ;
( d ) section 204 ( Evidence of byelaws) ;
(e) section 211 (Provision for default) ;
shall apply in relation to a river purification board as they apply
in relation to a local authority, provided that in the application
of the said section 202 to a river purification board for sub-
section (13) there shall be substituted the following subsection-
' (13) The proper officer of a river purification board shall
send a copy of any byelaws made by the board to the proper
officer of the council of each region and district to the whole
or any part of which the byelaws will apply ' ".
5. In section 17( 2) (river purification authorities), for the words
from " (a) in relation " to the end there shall be substituted the words
" river purification boards established under section 135 of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 and islands councils".
6. In section 18( 3) (provision of information ), for the words
from " fees " to the end there shall be substituted the words " reason-
able fees as may be determined by the river purification authority ".
7. In section 26 (supplementary provisions regarding byelaws) ,
for subsection ( 9), there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (9) Byelaws made by the Secretary of State under
subsection (7 ) or ( 8) of this section shall have effect as
if they had been made by the authority concerned and
confirmed by the Secretary of State " .
8. In section 29( 4) (application of Act to tidal waters), the words
from " subject " onwards shall cease to have effect .
9. In section 30( 2) (local inquiries), for the words " subsections
( 2 ) to ( 9) of section three hundred and fifty -five of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the words
" Subsections ( 2) to ( 8) of section 210 of the Local Government
(Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
10. In section 35(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " for the words " county or town " there shall be substituted
the words " regional, islands or district " and in the definitions of
" river purification board " and " river purification board area " for
the words " section two of this Act " there shall be substituted
the words " section 135 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act
1973 " .
SCHEDULE 17
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO WATER
General
1. Any reference in any enactment, order, scheme, regulations,
award or byelaws passed or made before the coming into force of
SCH 16.
Section 148 .
2132 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 17
1967 с. 78.
1944 с. 26. 1946 с. 42.
this Act to a regional water board or the region of such a board
( or any expression construed as such a reference by virtue of para-
graph 2 of Schedule 2 to the Water (Scotland) Act 1967 ) or to a con-
stituent board shall be construed respectively as a reference to a
water authority and to the limits of supply of such an authority and
to a constituent water authority.
The Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act 1944
2. In section 7( 2 ) (application to Scotland ) in the substituted
section 1(6 )(a ) for the words " burgh or county " there shall be
substituted the words " region or islands area ".
The Water ( Scotland ) Act 1946
3. In section 8( 4) ( duty of water authority to provide supply for
area), for the words after " interests ", there shall be substituted the
words " of the area comprising their limits of supply ".
4. In section 12 ( compensation for damage resulting from exer-
cise of powers )
(a ) in subsection (1), for the words " local authority " and " the
authority " there shall be substituted respectively the words
"district council " and " them " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), the words " against an authority " and
" to the authority " shall cease to have effect.
5. In section 23 ( power of local authority to give guarantee for
supply of water ), for the words " local authority " and the word
" district " there shall be substituted respectively the words " water
authority within the meaning of section 148 of the Local Government
( Scotland) Act 1973 " and the words " limits of supply ".
6. In section 29 (power of local authority to provide public wells,
fountains, etc.) -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " local authority " there shall
be substituted the words " district council " and after the
word region " there shall be inserted the words
66 66 or
area " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2 ), for the words " A local authority " there
shall be substituted the words " An islands or district
council ", after the word " their " there shall be inserted
the words " area or " and, in the proviso, for the words
“ the authority " there shall be substituted the words " the
council".
7. In section 30 ( power to close or restrict use of water from
public wells, etc.), for the words " local authority " there shall be
substituted the words " district council ", and after the word " region "
there shall be inserted the words " or area".
8. In section 31 ( power to close or restrict use of water from
polluted source of supply), for any reference to a local authority
there shall be substituted a reference to an islands or district council
and after the word " their " there shall be inserted the words “
area
or".
9. In section 54 ( provision of supply of water to other houses),
for any reference to a local authority there shall be substituted a
reference to an islands or district council.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 65
2133
10. In section 55 (power of local authority to grant or make
charging order for expenses of executing works), for any reference
to a local authority there shall be substituted a reference to an
islands or district council.
11. In section 56 (recovery of expenses from owners ), for any
reference to a local authority there shall be substituted a reference
to an islands or district council.
12. In section 57 (limitation of liability of certain owners), for
any reference to a local authority there shall be substituted a
reference to an islands or district council.
13. In section 58 (agreements as to drainage, etc., of land), -
( a ) in subsection (1), at the beginning there shall be inserted
66
(a ) " and for the words " with a local authority " there
shall be substituted the words-
" (b) a water authority or a water development board
may enter into agreements with a regional, islands or
district council " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " local authority and
" that authority " there shall be substituted respectively the
words " regional or islands council " and " that council ".
14. In section 61 ( byelaws for preventing pollution of water ), for
any reference to the local authority of the district or the local
authority of the district or county there shall be substituted a
reference to the regional, islands or district council.
15. In section 78 ( notices, etc., to be in writing ), for any reference
to a local authority there shall be substituted a reference to a
regional, islands or district council.
16. In section 84 (1) (interpretation), after the definition of " supply
pipe " there shall be inserted the following definition-
"" water authority ' has the same meaning as in section 148 of
the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ; ".
17. In Schedule 1 (procedure for making orders and making and
confirming byelaws)
( a ) in paragraph 2(i), for the words " local authority of every
district " there shall be substituted the words " water
authority, regional council, district council and water
وو
development board for every area and in paragraph 2(ii ) ,
at the end there shall be added the words " and in the case
of an order under section 21(2) , where the river purification
authority within whose area the stream affected is situated
are not the same authority as the applicants, on that
authority " ;
( b ) in paragraph 11(i), for the words " local authority of every
district " there shall be substituted the words " water autho-
rity, regional council, district council and water develop-
ment board for every area " ;
( c ) in paragraph 11(ii ), after the word " transferred " there shall
be inserted the words " where the river purification autho-
rity are not the same authority as the water authority " :
SCH. 17
2134 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 17
( d ) in paragraph 19, for the words " local authority of any
district " there shall be substituted the words "water
authority, regional council, district council and water
development board for any area " and after the word
66
acquired " there shall be inserted the words " and where
the river purification authority within whose area the stream
affected is situated are not the same authority as the water
authority, to that authority " .
18. In Schedule 4 (provisions to be incorporated in orders relating
towater undertakings), in paragraph 5( 1) and ( 2) and paragraph 24 (2)
for the words " local authority ", wherever they occur, there shall
be substituted the words " regional, islands or district council " and
"
the word " authority or " authorities " shall be construed
accordingly.
1949 с. 31 .
1911 с. 53.
The Water (Scotland ) Act 1949
19. In section 1 (levy of rates in respect of expenditure on water
supply ) -
( a ) for any reference to a local authority and their district there
shall be substituted respectively a reference to a council
of a region or islands area and their region or area ;
( b) for any reference to the county rate or burgh rate there shall
be substituted a reference to the regional rate or the general
rate.
20. In section 2 (provisions as to liability for domestic water rate ),
for any reference to a local authority and their district there shall
be substituted respectively a reference to a council of a region or
islands area and their region or area, and subsection (2 )( b) shall
cease to have effect.
21. In section 4 ( levy of domestic water rate on business and
commercial premises), in the proviso to subsection (1), for the words
" the fifteenth day of July in any year " there shall be substituted
the words " such date in any year as may be prescribed by regula-
tions made by the Secretary of State under section 111 of the Local
Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " .
22. In section 8(1) (contributions by county council in aid of
domestic water rate) -
( a ) for any reference to a local authority and their district there
shall be substituted respectively a reference to a council of
a region or islands area and their region or area ;
( b ) for the reference to the county rate or burgh rate there shall
be substituted a reference to the regional rate or the general
rate ;
( c ) for the words from " the amount requisitioned " to the end
there shall be substituted the words " one-third of the said
expenditure.".
23. Section 14 (adoption in counties of the House Letting and
Rating (Scotland ) Act 1911) shall cease to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2135
24. In section 19 ( domestic water rate not payable or payable at reduced rate in certain cases), in the proviso to subsection (2) , for
the references to the district of the local authority there shall be
substituted references to the region or islands area.
25. In section 20(1) (provisions as to levying of, and exemption
from, rates), after the word " requisitions) " there shall be inserted
the words " and Part VII of the Local Government (Scotland) Act
1973 ".
26. In section 23(1) ( compulsory acquisition of land for construc-
tion of waterworks), after the word " authorise " , there shall be
inserted the words " an authority or ".
27. In section 28 (termination of right to supply of water on special
terms), in subsections (4) and ( 6), for any reference to a local autho-
rity there shall be substituted a reference to a district council.
The Water Act 1958
28. In paragraph 1 (1) of Schedule 1 (procedure for making orders),
in the table, for any reference to a local authority there shall be
substituted a reference to a regional, islands or district council.
The Water (Scotland ) Act 1967
29. Section 1 (establishment of regional water boards ) shall cease
to have effect.
30. Section 2 (transfer to regional water boards of functions of
local water authorities) shall cease to have effect .
31. In section 3 (Central Scotland Water Development Board),
for subsection ( 2) there shall be substituted the following subsection-
" ( 2 ) The area for which the Central Board are established
shall comprise the limits of supply of the authorities specified
in Part II of Schedule 1 to this Act. " .
32. In section 4(2) (transfer to Central Board of functions of certain
joint water boards, and other functions of the Board ), for the words
"
" of the regional to the end there shall be substituted the words
" water authorities whose limits of supply are comprised in the area
of the Board. " .
33. In section 5 (establishment of new regional water boards and
water development boards, and alteration of regions and areas), sub-
section ( 1 )(a ), in subsection (1) ( c) the words " any region, or and
subsection (3) so far as relating to new regional water boards, shall
cease to have effect and after subsection (1) ( c ) there shall be inserted
the following paragraph--
" (d ) alter the limits of supply of a water authority as defined
in section 148 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act
1973.".
SCH. 17
1958 с. 67.
1967 с. 78.
2136 c . 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 17 34. In section 6 ( maps of regions ), in subsection (1), for the
words from the beginning to " their region " there shall be substituted
the words " The Secretary of State shall, as soon as practicable after
the coming into force of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973,
send to any water authority whose limits of supply include an area
specified in column 1 of the table set out at the end of section 148( 3)
of that Act, and to any water authority whose limits of supply
would include such an area but for the said subsection ( 3), a map
of that area".
35. Section 8 (constitution of regional water boards ) shall cease to
have effect.
36. In section 10 (accounts and audit) -
( a ) subsections ( 1), ( 2), (4) and ( 5 ) shall cease to have effect ;
(b ) in subsection (3), for the words " such board " there shall be
substituted the words " water development board ".
37. For section 11 (estimates and requisitions ) there shall be sub-
stituted the following section-
"Requisi-
tions. 11.- (1 ) Each water authority-
( a ) who are a regional council, and
(b) whose limits of supply extend beyond their own
region or who supply water to premises in
another region,
shall in respect of any financial year determine the aggre-
gate amount by reference to which the amount required
to be requisitioned by the water authority under this Part
of this Act from each of their contributing authorities is
to be determined.
( 2 ) Each water development board shall in respect of
any financial year determine the aggregate amount re-
quired to be requisitioned by the board under this Part
of this Act from their contributing authorities.
( 3) Each such water authority and each water develop-
ment board shall, by such date or dates as may be
prescribed, cause a requisition in respect of any financial
year to be sent to their contributing authorities requiring
each of them to pay such sum as may be apportioned
to each under the subsequent provisions of this Part of
this Act, and each of those authorities shall, at such
intervals and by such instalments as may be prescribed,
pay over to the water authority or board the sum so
requisitioned.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act " contribu-
ting authority " means-
( a ) in relation to a water authority, any other
regional council the whole or part of whose
region is within the limits of supply of the water
authority or in whose region water is supplied
to premises by the water authority, and
( b) in relation to a water development board, a
constituent water authority.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2137
( 5 ) In this section " prescribed" means prescribed by
regulations made by the Secretary of State under section
111 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973." .
38. In section 12 (calculation of amount to be requisitioned by
regional water boards ) -
( a ) for any reference to a district there shall be substituted a
reference to a region ;
( b) in subsection (1) , for the words from " 11(2 ) " to " that
account " there shall be substituted the words " 11(1) of
this Act, the aggregate amount referred to in that subsection
for any financial year shall be the sum by which the
estimated expenditure of the water authority in the exercise
of any of their functions under any enactment in relation to
water supply and chargeable to the revenue account of their
general fund exceeds the estimated income pertaining
thereto, but excluding from such expenditure any amount
payable by way of requisition to another water authority
and from such income any amount receivable by way of
rates or requisition " ;
( c ) in subsections ( 2 ) and ( 3), for the words " that authority
bears " and " all such authorities " there shall be substituted
respectively the words " the contributing authority bears "
and " the authority making the requisition and of all such
contributing authorities " ;
( d ) in subsection ( 2) (b), for head (i ) there shall be substituted
the following-
" (i ) in relation to the region of a regional council, the
whole or part of which is within the limits of supply of
the water authority, that region, or, as the case may be,
that part, exclusive of any premises to which a supply of
water is given by another water authority but inclusive
of any premises outside the limits of supply of the water
authority to which a supply of water is given by the water
authority, and".
39. In section 13 (calculation of amount to be requisitioned by
water development boards), for the words from "and for the
purposes to the end there shall be substituted the words " and
such aggregate amount shall be the sum by which the estimated
expenditure of the water development board chargeable to the
revenue account of their general fund exceeds the estimated income
ofthat account, and there shall be added to or, as the case may be,
deducted from that sum any sum required to be brought forward
either as a debit or as a credit from a previous financial year ".
40. In section 17 (borrowing powers), for the word 66 "
county
there shall be substituted the word " regional ", and section 17 shall
cease to have effect so far as it relates to regional water boards.
41. Part III (transfer of undertakings of local water authorities)
shall cease to have effect .
SCH . 17
2138 c. 65
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 17
1946 с.42.
42. For section 26 (provision of services for the boards ) there shall
be substituted the following section-
"The
26. For the performance of the functions of a water
provision of authority or water development board under the Water
services for ( Scotland ) Acts 1946 to 1967, a regional, islands or district
water
authorities council may provide the water authority or water develop-
and develop- ment board with such services as the authority or board
ment boards. may request ; and any water development board may
make such provision as aforesaid for any water authority
or any other such board. " .
43. Section 28 ( agreements not to be entered into between first
and second appointed days by the local water authority without the
consent of the regional water board or of the water development
board ) shall cease to have effect.
44. Section 29 (power of regional water boards and water develop-
ment boards to promote or oppose private legislation ) so far as
relating to regional water boards, shall cease to have effect.
45. In section 32 (repeal, amendment and adaptation of local
enactments )-
( a ) for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (1) The Secretary of State may by order-
( a ) on his own initiative, repeal or amend any local
enactment relating to the supply of water, or
( b ) on the application of a water authority or a
water development board, repeal or amend any
local enactment relating to the supply of water-
(i ) by or to the applicant, or
(ii ) by any other water authority or board
to premises in any area within the
limits of supply of the applicant. " ;
( b ) at the end there shall be added the following subsection-
" (5) The provisions of Part I of Schedule 1 to the
Water ( Scotland ) Act 1946 shall apply to orders made
under this section on the application of a water authority
or a water development board. " .
46. In section 33 (regulations and orders), in subsection ( 4 ), the
words " all local authorities whose districts are affected by the order
and ", and paragraph (a ) shall cease to have effect, for the words
" so affected " there shall be substituted the words " affected by the
order " and at the end of paragraph (b) there shall be added the
words or“
( c ) where the order is being made under section 32(1 ) of this
Act on the application of a water authority or a water
development board. " .
47. In section 34 (1) (interpretation)
(c ) the following shall cease to have effect-
(i) the definition of " constituent council " ;
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2139
(ii ) in the definition of " first appointed day", the
words " 1(4 )( a) or " ;
(iii ) the definition of " local authority " ;
(iv ) the definitions of " region " and " regional water
board";
(v) in the definition of " second appointed day", the
words " 1 (4)(b) or " ;
( b ) in the definition of " contributing authority ", for the word
11 (6) " there shall be substituted the word " 11 (4) " .66
48. Part I of Schedule 1 (regional water boards) shall cease to have
effect .
49. For Part II of Schedule 1 there shall be substituted the
following Part-
SCH. 17
" PART II
THE AREA OF THE CENTRAL SCOTLAND WATER
DEVELOPMENT BOARD
The limits of supply as water authorities of the Tayside, Fife,
Lothian, Borders, Central and Strathclyde regional councils " .
50. In Schedule 3 ( procedure for making an order under section 5 ),
in paragraph 2, for the reference to a local authority there shall be
substituted a reference to a water authority.
51. Schedule 4 (provisions as to regional water boards and water
development boards) so far as relating to regional water boards shall
cease to have effect, and so far as relating to water development
boards shall have effect subject to the following paragraphs of this
Schedule.
52. In paragraph 2( 3), for the words " July " and " county
councillors " there shall be substituted the words " June " and
" members of regional councils " and at the end there shall be added
the following proviso-
" Provided that the members of the Central Scotland Water
Development Board who are in office immediately before 15th
May 1975 shall vacate office on that day, and that board shall
be reconstituted on 16th May 1975 and 1st July 1978 and there-
after quadrennially. " .
53. In paragraph 3, for the word " clerk " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " proper officer " .
54. In paragraph 5, in sub-paragraph (1), for the words " under
this paragraph of a new member " there shall be substituted the
words " of a new member by the constituent water authority by
whom the vacating member was appointed. " and sub-paragraphs ( 2 )
and (3) shall cease to have effect.
55. In paragraph 10, the word " triennial " shall cease to have
effect and for the word " clerk " there shall be substituted the words
" proper officer " .
56. In paragraph 16, for the words " section 73 of the Local 1947 с. 43.
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the
words " sections 38 to 42 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act
1973 ".
2140 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 17
1973 с. 37.
57. In paragraph 18, for the words " section 342 of the Local
"
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 there shall be substituted the
words " section 194 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 "
and the word " county ", wherever it occurs, shall cease to have
effect.
58. In paragraph 19, in sub-paragraph (1), for the words " their
clerk " and " the clerk " there shall be substituted respectively the
words " the proper officer of the board " and the words " the proper
officer ", after the words " the particular document " there shall be
inserted the words " and may be withdrawn by notice similarly
authenticated ", and at the end of the paragraph there shall be added
the following-
" ( 3) Where any enactment or instrument made under an
enactment makes, in relation to any document or class of docu-
ments, provision with respect to the matters dealt with by one
of the two foregoing subsections, that subsection shall not apply
in relation to that document or class of documents." .
59. For paragraphs 20 to 23 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 20. A board shall appoint such officers and servants as the
board think fit and may pay the officers and servants appointed
by them such reasonable remuneration as they may determine. ".
60. In paragraph 24, for the words from " section 97 " to " 1947 "
there shall be substituted the words " sections 66 ( security to be
taken in relation to officers ), 67 (members of local authorities not
to be appointed as officers) and 68 ( disclosure by officers of interest
in contracts) of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 ".
61. Paragraph 25 shall cease to have effect.
62. For paragraph 28 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 28. The following provisions of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 shall apply to a board for the purposes of
this Act as those provisions apply to a local authority for the
purposes of that Act-
( a ) section 81 (contracts of local authorities),
( b) section 189( 2) (legal proceedings),
( c) section 190 ( service of legal proceedings, notices, etc. ,
on local authorities),
( d ) section 191 (claims in sequestrations and liquidations),
( e) section 192 (service of notices),
( f ) section 196 (misnomers),
( g) section 208( 1 ) (provisions as to Sundays, etc.) ,
( h) paragraph (1) of Schedule 7 (minutes of proceedings
receivable in evidence)." .
63. At the end of paragraph 29 there shall be added the words
" and ' proper officer ', in relation to any purpose and any board,
means an officer appointed for that purpose by that board ".
The Water Act 1973
64. In the Water Act 1973 any reference to a regional water
board shall be construed as a reference to a water authority.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2141
SCHEDULE 18
AMENDMENT OF CERTAIN ENACTMENTS RELATING TO TRANSPORT
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF THE TRANSPORT Aст 1968
1. In section 9 ( Passenger Transport Areas, Authorities and
Executives), the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " shall by that order "
to " Transport Executive " there shall be substituted the
words " thereupon the regional council for that area shall
become the Passenger Transport Authority for that area
( hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to in relation to
that area as " the Authority ") and the Minister shall by
that order provide for the establishment for that area of a
Passenger Transport Executive " and for the words " the
said Schedule 5" there shall be substituted the words
" Schedule 5 to this Act " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " every such " to SO
66
designated " there shall be substituted the words " the
regional council within whose region the area designated by
the order is situated and with each of the district councils
in that region " and sub-paragraph (i ) shall be omitted ;
( c ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " constituent areas there
shall be substituted the words " regions or districts whose
area falls wholly or partly within the designated area " ;
( d ) in subsection ( 4 ), for the words " Parts I and " there shall
be substituted the word " Part " ;
"
(e) in subsection (5), for the words " constituent areas there
shall be substituted the words " each of the districts com-
prised in the region in which the designated area is
situated " ;
( f ) at the end there shall be added the following subsection-
" ( 7 ) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the
councils of constituent areas shall be construed as a
reference to the regional council concerned.
2. In section 10 (powers of Executive), the following amend-
ments shall be made-
(a ) in subsection (1)(xvi), the words " and the consent of the
Minister " shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) for the word " county ", in both places where it occurs,
there shall be substituted the word " region ".
3. In section 11 (financial duty of Passenger Transport Executives)
in subsection (1), for the words " section 13( 3) " there shall be
substituted the words " section 13(2) " and after subsection (3) there
shall be inserted the following subsection : -
" (3A) Without prejudice to any power of the Executive to
establish specific reserves, the Executive may establish and
Part III 0
Section 150.
1968 с . 73.
2142 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 18 maintain a general reserve, and the Authority may give to the
Executive directions as to any matter relating to the establish-
ment or management of any such general reserve and the carry-
ing of sums to the credit thereof, or the application thereof ;
but no part of the moneys comprised in such a general reserve
shall be applied otherwise than for purposes of the Executive
or a subsidiary of theirs."
4. Section 11( 4 ) shall cease to have effect.
5. For section 13 there shall be substituted the following section-
" Powerof
13.- (1) Without prejudice to any other power of a
regional councils to
regional council to make grants for transport purposes, a
makegrants. regional council who are the Authority shall have power
to make grants to the Executive for any purpose.
( 2) The regional council shall from time to time by
notice in writing to the Executive specify the amount of
the grants which the council propose to make to the
Executive in respect of expenditure incurred during any
accounting period." .
6. In section 14 ( accounts of Executive ), the following amendments
shall be made-
( a ) in subsection ( 1)(b), for the word " Minister " there shall be
substituted the word " Authority " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), after the word " Minister " there shall be
inserted the word " and" and the words " and to each of
the councils of constituent areas " shall be omitted.
7. In section 15 ( further functions of Authority ), the following
amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (1), for paragraphs (b) and (c) there shall be
substituted the following paragraphs : -
" (b ) such annual or other estimates of income or
expenditure of the Executive and any subsidiaries of
theirs as the Authority may require to be submitted to
theAuthority, and any major change proposed to be made
in any of those estimates after their approval by the
Authority ;
( c ) any proposal for expenditure by the Executive or
any subsidiary of theirs, or by any other person in
pursuance of arrangements with the Executive, which
involves a substantial outlay on capital account ".
( b) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " to be raised " to " of
this Act " there shall be substituted the words " of the
grants which will be needed to enable the Executive to
comply with their obligation under section 11( 1) of this
Act".
( c ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " to issue a precept " there
shall be substituted the words " to make a grant ".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 65
2143
8. After section 15 there shall be inserted the following section: - " Additional
15A .- (1 ) In addition to any power of the Authority
provisions
asto
under any other provision of this Part of this Act to give
controlof
directions to the Executive as respects any matter, the
executive
Authority may give to the Executive directions as to the
byAuthority.exercise and performance by the Executive of their
functions (including the exercise of rights conferred by the
holding of interests in companies) in relation to matters
appearing to the Authority to affect the carrying out by the
Authority or the Executive of their respective duties under
section 9( 3) of this Act.
( 2) The Executive shall provide the Authority at such
time or intervals and in such form and manner as the
Authority may require with information with respect to
the operations and the expenditure on capital and revenue
account respectively which are planned or under con-
sideration by the Executive and shall furnish the
Authority with such returns, accounts and other informa-
tion with respect to the property and activities of the
Executive or any subsidiary of theirs as the Authority
may from time to time require.
(3) The Authority may from time to time cause a
review to be made of the organisation of the Executive's
undertaking and may give to the Executive such directions
as appear to the Authority from any such review to be
requisite to secure that the Executive's undertaking is
organised in the most efficient manner ; and the Executive
shall not make, or permit to be made, any substantial
change in the manner in which their undertaking is
organised except in pursuance of a direction given by
the Authority under this subsection, or with the approval
of the Authority. " .
9. In section 16 (1) (annual report prepared jointly by Authority
and Executive to be published in such manner as the Secretary of
State directs) for the words " as the Minister may direct " there shall
be substituted the words " as the Authority consider appropriate
"
and in the said section 16, in subsection (2), the words from " and
( d ) " onwards, and subsections (3), ( 4) and ( 5 ) shall cease to have
effect.
10. In section 18 (planning of passenger transport services in
designated areas), the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (1), the words " to the Minister and " shall
cease to have effect ;
( b) in subsection (2) , the words " to the Minister and " shall
cease to have effect.
11. In section 21 (functions of traffic commissioners in designated
areas), subsection ( 5 )( a) shall cease to have effect.
12. In section 23 (directions given by the Secretary of State ) in sub-
sections (2) and (3) after the word " Minister " there shall be inserted
the words " or an Authority for a designated area " .
Part III 02
SCH. 18
2144 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 18 13. In section 26(1)(b) (powers of Scottish Group ), for the words
from " counties " onwards there shall be substituted the words " High-
land region, the islands areas of Orkney, Shetland and the Western
Isles, the Argyll district and in the Cunninghame district the former
burgh of Millport and the former districts of Arran and Cumbrae. " ' .
14. For section 34 there shall be substituted the following section-
" Assistance 34.- (1 ) A regional, islands or district council or any
for rural
two or more of those councils acting jointly, may, on such
bus or ferry conditions, if any, as they think fit, afford assistance to
service .
any other person, by way of grant, loan or both, for the
purpose of securing the provision, improvement or con-
tinuance of any bus service if in the opinion of the council
or councils in question that service is or will be for the
benefit of persons residing in rural areas.
(2) A regional or islands council or any two or more
of those councils acting jointly, may, on such conditions,
if any, as they think fit, afford assistance to any other
person, by way of grant, loan or both, for the purpose of
securing the provision, improvement or continuance of
any ferry service if in the opinion of the council or
councils in question that service is or will be for the benefit
of persons residing in rural areas.
( 3) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury, make grants in such cases and subject to such
conditions as he thinks fit to any of the councils aforesaid
in respect of expenditure incurred by that council in
making grants under subsection ( 1) or (2) above, and
any grant under this subsection in respect of expenditure
in connection with a bus service shall be of an amount
equal to half the expenditure in respect of which the grant
ismade.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury make grants in such cases and subject to such
conditions as he thinks fit to regional or islands councils
in respect of expenditure incurred by such a council in
providing a ferry service which in the opinion of the
council is or will be for the benefit of persons residing in
rural areas. " .
15. In section 35(1 )(b)(iv), for the words " county or town " there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district " .
16. In section 56( 6)( d ), for the words " county, town or district "
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands " .
17. Section 58 shall be omitted.
18. In section 63(6), for the words " county council and a town "
there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district ".
19. For section 115( 3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 3) In sections 109, 112 and 113 of this Act "local
authority " means a regional or islands council and in section
114 of this Act means a regional, islands or district council.".
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
2145
20. In section 138(9)( b), for the words " county, town or district "
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands ".
21 .- (1 ) In Schedule 5, Part I shall be omitted.
( 2 ) In Part II of that Schedule, in paragraph 1, for the words
وو
" establishment of that Authority there shall be substituted the
words 66
area has been designated ", and in paragraph 2, for the words
" any of the councils of constituent areas " , in each place where they
occur, there shall be substituted the words " the regional council for
the designated area ".
( 3) In Part III of that Schedule, in paragraph 1, for the words
" dates on which the Authority and Executive respectively are " , there
shall be substituted the words " date on which the Executive is " ;
and there shall be omitted from the remainder of that Part of that
Schedule-
( a) paragraphs 2, 3( a), 4, 5, 10, 12, 14, 16 and 17 ;
( b) in paragraphs 6, 7 and 9 the words " the Authority and
"
and " respectively ", in each place where they occur ;
( c ) in paragraph 8 the words " the Authority or " and " the
Chairman of the Authority, or as the case may be " ;
"
( d ) in paragraph 11, the words " the Authority or in sub-
paragraph (a ) and " the Authority " in sub- paragraph (b) ;
and
(e) in paragraph 13, the words " the Authority or ", in both
places where they occur, and " the Authority " where those
words last occur.
SCH. 18
PART II
AMENDMENT OF MISCELLANEOUS ENACTMENTS
RELATING TO TRANSPORT
The Light Railways Act 1896
22. In section 26( 2), for the words from " to the county " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " to a regional, islands or district
council ".
The Road Traffic Act 1930
23. In section 108(1), in the definition of " district ", for the
words from " county " onwards there shall be substituted the words
" region or islands area " .
24. In section 109(a) , for the words " the Town Council of a
burgh " there shall be substituted the words " a regional or islands
council ".
The Transport Charges Etc. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1954
25. In section 6( 1)(c) (revision of charges by independent harbour
undertakings), for the words from " or an undertaking " to " applies "
there shall be substituted the words 66
or a ferry undertaking which is
operated by or on behalf of a Passenger Transport Executive or a
regional or islands council or two or more such councils acting in
combination ".
Part III
03
1896 с. 48.
1930 с. 43.
1954 с. 64.
2146 c . 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 18
1955 с. 26.
1958 с. 50.
1960 с. 16.
26. In paragraphs 15 and 17( 5 ) of Schedule 1, for the words
"county or town " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district ".
The Public Service Vehicles (Travel Concessions ) Act 1955
27. In section 4( a ), for the words " town council " there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council ".
28. In section 4( b), for the words " burgh fund " there shall be
substituted the words " general fund of the authority ".
The Local Government ( Omnibus Shelters and
Queue Barriers ) (Scotland ) Act 1958
29. In section 7(1), in the definition of " local authority ", for the
"
words " county onwards there shall be substituted the words
" regional, islands or district council ".
The Road Traffic Act 1960
30. In section 121( 4) the following amendments shall be made:
-
( a ) in paragraph (b), for the words " councils of the counties "
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands
councils " ;
( b ) in paragraph (c ), for the words from " councils " to "dist-
ricts " there shall be substituted the words " district
councils ".
31. In section 135( 2), for the words " county or town " there shall
be substituted the words " regional, islands or district".
32. In section 135( 7), for the words " county and town " there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands and district ".
33. In section 136( 2 ), for the words " county and town " there shall
be substituted the words " regional, islands and district ".
34. In section 143, the following amendments shall be made : -
( a ) in subsection 2( a), for the words
" county or town " there
shall be substituted the words
regional, islands or66
district " ;
(b) in subsection (3) , for the words " county or town " there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or
district ".
“
35. In section 149( 5), for the words from a county " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " a regional, islands or district
council and for any reference to the council of a county borough or
county district there shall be substituted a reference to such an
authority ".
36. In section 156( 4), for the words from " county " onwards there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district council ".
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c . 65
2147
SCHEDULE 19
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO PIERS , HARBOURS, ETC.
The Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act 1847
1. In section 3 (interpretation) , in the definition of " county ", for
the words from " shall include any division " onwards there shall be
66
substituted the words means the area of a regional or islands
council ".
2. In section 7 (correction of errors ), for the words from " school-
masters" to " royal burgh " there shall be substituted the words
"proper officer of the regional or islands council within whose area
the lands are situated " .
3. In section 8 (works not to proceed unless plans deposited ), for
the words from " schoolmasters " to " royal burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " proper officer of the council of any region or
islands area " and for the words " royal burghs " there shall be
substituted the words areas of such councils ".66
4. In section 9 (receipt and inspection of plan ), for the words
" schoolmasters and town clerks " there shall be substituted the words
" and proper officers " .
The General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 , Amendment Act 1862
5. In Part 1 of Schedule ( B) (advertisement of intended application),
the following amendments shall be made : -
(a ) in paragraph (1) 3, for the words from “ names to" places "
there shall be substituted the words 66
name of the place
and of the area of the regional or islands council " ;
( b ) in paragraph ( 3), the words " city, town or ", where first
occurring, shall cease to have effect, for the words from
" in the county in " to " town or " there shall be substituted
the words " or circulating in the area of the regional or
islands council in which such ", and the words from " or if
there be none " onwards shall cease to have effect .
The Congested Districts ( Scotland ) Act 1897
66
6. In section 10 ( definitions), in the definition of congested
district ", for the words from " any crofting ", onwards there shall be
substituted the words 66
any place within the Highland Region, the
islands areas of Orkney, Shetland or the Western Isles or the Argyll
district other than the former burgh of Rothesay and the former
district of Bute ".
The Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland ) Act 1937
7. For section 1( 2 ) ( transfer of harbours to local authorities), there
shall be substituted the following subsection : -
" ( 2) A local authority may accept a transfer of a marine work
which is wholly or partly situated within their area, but
where the marine work is partly situated within the area of
Part III 04
Section 154
1847 с. 27
1862 с. 19.
1897 с. 53.
1937 с. 28.
2148 c.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 19
1960 с. 31.
another local authority they may only do so with the
agreement of that other authority, or failing such agree-
ment, with the consent of the Secretary of State. "
8. In section 5(5) (adaptation of General Pier and Harbour Act),
the following amendments shall be made:-
( a ) in paragraph (i ) ( a ), for the words from the beginning to
" which " there shall be substituted the words " the regional
or islands council in whose area " ;
( b) in paragraph (i)(b), for the words " county or burgh " there
shall be substituted the word " area".
9. In section 7( 1) (b) (minor works), for the words from " any of " to
" therein " there shall be substituted the words " the Highland Region,
the islands areas of Orkney, Shetland or the Western Isles or the
Argyll district other than the former burgh of Rothesay and the
former district of Bute ".
10. For section 18 ( responsibility for deficiency), there shall be sub-
stituted the following section :
" Respon- sibility for deficiency.
18. Any deficiency which is required to be met out of
rates in pursuance of section 16 of this Act shall be met
by the regional or islands council in whom the marine
work is vested, or in the case of a marine work vested in
two or more such councils in combination, by those
councils in such proportions as may be fixed by the
combination agreement. "
11. In section 21 (borrowing), the following amendments shall be
made-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " county or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local authority " ;
( b ) in subsection (3), for the words " county or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local authority ".
12. In section 31(1) (interpretation), in the definition of “ harbour
authority ", for the words " pier or ferry " there shall be substituted
66
the words or pier " and, in the definition of " local authority ",
for the words " county or a town "
there shall be substituted the
words " regional or islands " .
13. For Schedule 3 there shall be substituted the following
Schedule: -
" Schedule 3
The Clyde Port Authority.
The Forth Ports Authority.
The Aberdeen Harbour Commissioners .
The Trustees of the Harbour of Dundee. "
The Highlands and Islands Shipping Services Act 1960
14. In section 5 ( interpretation ), in the definition of " Highlands
and Islands " for the word " counties " there shall be substituted the
word " areas " and the words from " inclusive " onwards shall cease
to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2149
15. For the Schedule there shall be substituted the following SCH . 19
Schedule: -
" SCHEDULE
AREAS TO WHICH SECTION ONE APPLIES
The Highland Region.
The Islands Areas of Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles.
Argyll District
In the Cunninghame District, the former burgh of Millport,
and the former districts of Arran and Cumbrae."
The Harbours Act 1964
1964 с. 40.
16. In section 57(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " marine
work ", the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) for the words from "means " to " 1937 " there shall be
66
substituted the words means a harbour or boatslip in
Scotland (other than a harbour or boatslip which is vested
in any of the bodies specified in Schedule 3 to the Harbours,
Piers and Ferries (Scotland ) Act 1937 or which is vested 1937 c. 28.
in any of the Boards other than the Scottish Transport
Group or a subsidiary within the meaning of section 154
of the Companies Act 1948 of that Group) " ;
1948 с. 38.
(b) in paragraph ( b), for the words from " counties "
to
"Zet-
land " there shall be substituted the following words "
areas,
namely, the Highland Region, the islands areas of Orkney,
Shetland and the Western Isles or the Argyll district other
than the former burgh of Rothesay and the former district
of Bute " and for the word " counties " where second occur-
ring, there shall be substituted the word areas ".
SCHEDULE 20
ARRANGEMENTS FOR DISCHARGE OF SOCIAL WORK FUNCTIONS
1. Subject to the provisions of section 161 of this Act and of any
other express provision contained in this Act or any Act passed after
this Act, a local authority may arrange for the discharge of any
of their social work functions by their social work committee, a sub-
committee of that committee, an officer of the authority or by any
other local authority in Scotland.
2. Where by virtue of this Schedule or any other enactment any
social work functions of a local authority may be discharged by their
social work committee, then, unless the authority otherwise direct,
the committee may arrange for the discharge of any of those
functions by a sub- committee or an officer of the authority.
3. Where by virtue of this Schedule or any other enactment any
social work functions of a local authority may be discharged by
another local authority, paragraphs 1 and 2 above shall apply in
Section 161 .
2150 c .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 20 relation to those functions as they apply in relation to the functions
of that other authority, except that-
( a ) the foregoing provision shall have effect subject to the terms
ofany arrangement relating to the functions ; and
( b ) that other authority shall not, by virtue of this paragraph,
arrange for the discharge of those functions by some other
local authority.
4. Any arrangement made by a local authority or by a social work
committee under this Schedule for the discharge of any functions by
a social work committee, sub-committee, officer or local authority
shall not prevent the authority or committee by whom the arrange-
ment is made from exercising those functions.
5. A local authority may arrange for the discharge of any of their
social work functions jointly with one or more other local authorities
and, where arrangements are in force for them to do so-
( a ) they may also arrange for the discharge of those functions by
a joint committee of theirs or by an officer of one of them,
and paragraph 2 above shall apply in relation to those
functions as it applies in relation to the functions of the
individual authorities ; and
( b ) any enactment relating to those functions or the authorities
by whom or the areas in respect of which they are to be
discharged shall have effect subject to all necessary modifica-
tions in its application in relation to those functions and the
authorities by whom and the areas in respect of which
( whether in pursuance of the arrangements or otherwise)
they are to be discharged.
6. For the purpose of discharging any functions of a local authority
in pursuance of arrangements made under paragraph 5 above, a
local authority may jointly with one or more other local authorities
appoint a joint committee.
7. For the purpose of discharging any functions of a local authority
in pursuance of arrangements made under this Schedule, a social
work committee or any joint committee appointed under paragraph 6
above may appoint one or more sub-committees.
8. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the number of
members of a joint committee or sub-committee appointed thereunder,
their term of office, and the area (if restricted ) within which such a
joint committee or sub-committee are to exercise their authority,
shall be fixed by the appointing authorities or, as the case may be,
by the appointing committee.
9. A joint committee appointed under paragraph 6 above and a
sub- committee appointed under paragraph 7 above, may, subject to
the provisions of section 59 of this Act, include persons who are not
members of the appointing authorities or, in the case of a sub-
committee, of the authority or authorities of whom they are a
sub- committee.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .65
2151
10. At least two- thirds of the members appointed to a joint
committee appointed under paragraph 6 above shall be members of
the appointing authorities.
11. Every member of a joint committee appointed under this
Schedule who at the time of his appointment was a member of one
of the appointing authorities shall, upon ceasing to be a member of
that authority, also cease to be a member of the joint committee
and of any sub-committee thereof; but for the purpose of this para-
graph a member of an authority shall not be deemed to have ceased
to be a member thereof by reason of retirement if he has been
re-elected a member thereof not later than the day of his retirement.
SCHEDULE 21
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO PUBLIC LIBRARIES,
MUSEUMS AND ART GALLERIES
The Public Libraries Consolidation (Scotland ) Act 1887
1. The whole Act shall cease to have effect except sections 1, 2, 3,
10, 21, 22, 24, 28, 31 and 32 which shall have effect subject to amend-
ments thereto set out in the following provisions of this Schedule.
2. For section 2 ( definitions) there shall be substituted the follow-
ing section-
"Interpre- 2. In this Act, except where the context otherwise
tation. requires-
'library authority ' for the purposes of this Act
means an islands or district council , except that
within the Highland, Borders and Dumfries and
Galloway regions it means the appropriate
"
regional council, and area ", in relation to such
an authority, shall be construed accordingly.
' museum and art gallery authority ' for the pur-
poses of this Act means a regional, islands
“
or district council, and area ", in relation to
such an authority, shall be construed
accordingly. ".
3. In section 10 ( lands, etc., maybe purchased or rented )
( a ) for the words " magistrates and council or board " there
shall be substituted the words " library authority or museum
and art gallery authority " ;
( b ) for the words " schools for science, art galleries, and schools
for art " there shall be substituted the words " and art
galleries".
4. In section 21 ( powers of committee) -
( a ) for any reference to the committee there shall be substituted a
reference to the library authority or the museum and art
gallery authority, whichever is appropriate in the context ;
66
( b ) for the words " and museums and or museums " ,
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words
or museums or art galleries " ;"
( c ) the first and second paragraphs shall cease to have effect ;
SCH . 20
Section 163
1887 с. 42.
2152 c .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 21
1920 с. 45.
1955 с. 27.
1887 с. 42.
( d ) in the third paragraph, after the word " science " there shall
be inserted the words " gramophone records, tape recordings
and films " ;
(e ) in the seventh paragraph, for the words from " for the
purpose of " to " appointed " there shall be substituted the
words " to inhabitants of the area of the authority " , for
the words " burgh or parish ", wherever else they occur,
there shall be substituted the word 66
area " and the words
may not be a householder, and " shall cease to have effect .66
5. In section 22 (power of committee to make byelaws) -
( a ) for the first two references to the committee there shall be
substituted a reference to the library authority or the
museum and art gallery authority ;
( b ) the words between " Scotland " and " and shall " shall cease
to have effect ;
"
( c ) for the words from " of the county to " situated " there
shall be substituted the words " exercising jurisdiction in
the area of the authority " ;
( d ) for the words " magistrates and council, or board ", where
they last occur, there shall be substituted the words "
library
authority or museum and art gallery authority " .
6. For section 24 (exhibition of byelaws previous to confirmation),
there shall be substituted the following section-
" Exhibition 24. A copy of proposed byelaws and a copy of byelaws
of byelaws which have been made by a library authority or a
and
proposed byelaws.
museums and art gallery authority under section 22 of
this Act shall be put up in some conspicuous place in
each of the libraries, or, as the case may be, the museums
or art galleries, of the authority. "
7. In section 28 (recovery of penalties and forfeitures)
66
( a ) for the words from name of " to " district " there shall be
substituted the words " name of the library authority or
museum and art gallery authority, as the case may be,
before either the sheriff or justices exercising jurisdiction
in the area of the authority " ;
(b ) for any reference to the committee there shall be substituted
a reference to the library authority or museum and art
gallery authority ;
( c ) the words " clerk or other " shall cease to have effect.
The Public Libraries (Scotland ) Act 1920
8. The whole Act shall cease to have effect.
The Public Libraries (Scotland ) Act 1955
9. Section 3 ( revocation of decision to adopt the principal Act)
shall cease to have effect.
10. In section 5( 1 ) (interpretation), for the definition of " statutory
library authority " there shall be substituted the following definition-
،،، "
statutory library authority means a library authority as
defined in section 2 of the Public Libraries Consolidation
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2153
( Scotland ) Act 1887 or any body authorised by any other
enactment (including any enactment contained in a local
Act ) to provide library services ' .
The Education (Scotland ) Act 1962
11. In section 12(1) ( county library service)
(a ) the words " of a county " , the words " not only " and the
ود
words from " but also to the end shall cease to have
effect ;
(b) for the words " the education " there shall be substituted the
words " an education ".
(c ) for the words " in the county " there shall be substituted the
words " in the region or islands area, as the case may be ".
The Education (Scotland ) Act 1969
12. In section 2 ( 1) (provision of museums by education authorities),
the words " (other than the town council of a burgh being a county
of a city ) " shall cease to have effect, and , in paragraph (e), for the
words from " the town " to the end there shall be substituted the
words " any other body ".
SCH . 21
1962 с. 47.
1969 с. 49.
SCHEDULE 22
PLANNING FUNCTIONS
PART I
REGIONAL PLANNING FUNCTIONS
Description offunctions
Provisions ofthe Act
of 1972
1. Survey and structure plans.
Sections 4 to 8 .
2. Acquisition, appropriation, disposal
Sections 102 and 109 to 114.
and development of land in con-
nection with functions exercised
by general and regional planning
authorities.
3. Other functions relating to land and
Sections 117 to 120.
buildings in connection with
functions exercised by general and
regional planning authorities .
4. Exercise of reserve powers in place
of district planning authorities.
PART II
1. Local plans .
2. Planning permission.
3. Additional powers of control.
4. Additional control in special cases.
DISTRICT PLANNING FUNCTIONS
Sections 9 to 13.
Sections 22 to 43 and 51 .
Sections 49 and 50.
Part IV.
Section 172.
2154 SCH. 22 Section 184.
1931 с. 16.
1960 с. 62.
1947 с. 53.
c .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
5. Enforcement of control under Parts Part V.
III and IV.
6. Acquisition and appropriation of Part VI.
land and related provisions in
connection with functions exer-
cised by general and district plan-
ning authorities.
7. Stopping up, etc., of footpaths and Section 199.
bridleways.
8. Procedure regarding orders under Section 223 .
section 222.
9. Compensation. Section 226.
10. Designation of conservation areas. Section 262.
SCHEDULE 23
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO PLANNING
The Ancient Monuments Act 1931
1. In Schedule 1 ( preservation schemes), in paragraph 8, for the
"
words county or town council " there shall be substituted the
"
words general or district planning authority within the mean-
ing of Part IX of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960
2. In section 32(1) (application of Part I to Scotland ), the follow-
ing amendments shall be made-
( a ) for paragraph ( h)(iii) there shall be substituted the follow-
ing-
" ( h ) (iii) in subsection ( 8), for the words from ' includes
the ' onwards there shall be substituted the words ' means
a local authority within the meaning of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1973 and a regional or district plan-
ning authority within the meaning of Part IX of that
Act' ".
( b ) in paragraph (k )(i ), for the words from " in relation " to
66
county council " there shall be substituted the words " a
general or district planning authority within the meaning of
Part IX of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 ".
The Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1947
3. In section 113(1) (interpretation ) , the following amendments
shall be made-
( a ) in the definition of " local authority ", for the words from
" county onwards there shall be substituted the words
" regional, islands or district council " ;
( b) in the definition of " planning authority ", for the words
" section 2 of this Act " there shall be substituted the words
" section 172 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1973 ".
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
2155
The Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1959 SCH. 23
4. In section 27 ( powers of disposal of land ), the following amend- 1959 с. 70.
ments shall be made-
( a ) for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 4 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, section 74(2)
of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ( considera-
tion for disposal of land ) shall apply to any disposal of
land by an authority to whom this Part of this Act applies
in the exercise of a power in relation to which sub-
section (1) of this section has effect ( not being a power
under Part VI of the said Act of 1973) as it applies to
the like disposal of land by a local authority in the
exercise of any power under the said Part VI. "
(b ) in subsection ( 5)( c ), for the words from " subsection " to
" 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " section 75(1 )
of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
5. In Schedule 4 ( Authorities to whom Part II applies), the
following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in paragraph 1, for the word " 1947 " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " 1973 " ;
( b ) in paragraph 2, for the word " 1947 ", where first occurring,
there shall be substituted the word " 1973 " ;
( c ) for paragraph 3 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 3. A water authority within the meaning of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973." ;
( d ) for paragraph 4 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 4. A river purification authority for the purposes of
the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) ( Scotland ) Acts 1951
and 1965."
The Civic Amenities Act 1967 1967 с. 69.
6. In section 5(b) (application of sections 1 and 2 of Local 1962 с. 36 .
Authorities (Historic Buildings ) Act 1962 to Scotland ), in the defini-
tion of " local authority ", for the words from " local " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district
council " and, in the definition of " planning authority ", for the
word " 1947 " there shall be substituted the word " 1972 ".
The New Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968
7. In section 6 (1) ( planning control in new towns), for the words
"
" local planning there shall be substituted the words " district
planning".
1968 с. 16.
8. In section 23( 2) (i ) (extinguishment of public rights of way ) , for
the words " local planning " there shall be substituted the words
2156 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 23
ود
" district planning " and after the word " situated " there shall be
inserted the words " and on any other local authority who appear
to him to be concerned".
9. In section 35( 2) (development corporations may transfer under-
taking ), for the words " county or burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " region, islands area or district ".
10. In section 36(2)(a)(i) ( winding up of development corporations),
for the words " county or town council of the burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " region, islands area or district ".
11. In section 41( 2) (application of certain enactments ), for the
words " county council " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands council concerned ".
12. In section 47(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority ", for the words from " county " onwards there shall be sub-
stituted the words " regional, islands or district council ", in the
definition of " local highway authority " , for the words from " a
highway " onwards there shall be substituted the words " a regional
council ", in the definition of " planning authority ", for the word
" 1947 " there shall be substituted the word " 1972 " and at the
appropriate place in alphabetical order there shall be inserted the
following definitions-
666 " regional planning authority " and " district planning
authority " have the meanings assigned to them by Part IX
of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 ; " .
13. In Schedule 1 ( procedure for designating site of new town), in
paragraph 2, for the words " county or on the town council of the
burgh " there shall be substituted the words " region, islands area or
district".
1972 с. 5.
1972 с. 42.
1972 с. 52 .
The Local Employment Act 1972
14. In section 8( 5) (derelict land ), for the words from " local "
to
" 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " regional, general or
district planning authority within the meaning of Part IX of the
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " .
The Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972
15. In Schedule 3 ( control of demolition in conservation areas ),
the following amendments shall be made-
(a ) in paragraph 5, for the words from " county " onwards there
shall be substituted the words " regional council " ;
(b) in paragraph 9(3), for the word " notice " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " direction " .
The Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1972
16. In section 13(1) (alteration of local plans), after the word
" authority " there shall be inserted the words " shall keep under
review any local plan adopted by them and ".
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2157
17. In section 15(1) ( default powers of Secretary of State ), the SCH . 23
following amendments shall be made-
( a ) after the words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words
66 or of the provisions of Part IX of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 " ;
( b) after paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the words " the
Secretary of State may direct the planning authority to
carry out their functions in relation to the matters men-
tioned in this subsection and may specify in the direction
the factors to be taken into account or objectives to be
achieved by the planning authority in so doing, or " .
18. In section 43 (unopposed revocation or modification ), the
following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (1), the words from " and (b) " onwards shall
cease to have effect ;
(b) in subsection (3), the words from " and the notice " onwards
shall cease to have effect.
19. In section 52( 4) ( lists of buildings of special interest), for the
66
66
words from any local " to planning authority " there shall be
66
substituted the words any regional, general or district planning
authority within the meaning of Part IX of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
20. In section 63( 3) (maintenance of waste land ), for the words
" section 88 " there shall be substituted the words " sections 85
and 88 " .
21. In section 102 ( compulsory acquisition of land ), the following
amendments shall be made-
( a) in subsection ( 3), for the words from " in a county " onwards
there shall be substituted the words-
" in a region, consult with the regional council ;
(b) where the land is in an islands area, consult with the
islands council ;
( c) where the land is in a district, consult with the district
council . " ;
(b) in subsection ( 5), for the words from " the councils "
on-
wards there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands
and district councils ".
22. In section 107 ( minimum compensation), the following amend-
ments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from first " include " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " make a direction for
minimum compensation " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), the words " application for " shall cease
to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection (5 ), for the words from " include " to first
" for " there shall be substituted the word " make ", and
for the words from " application " to " refused " there shall
be substituted the words " direction for minimum compensa-
tion be reversed ".
2158 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 23 23. In section 109(1)( c) ( acquisition of land by agreement), for
the words " the Secretary of State " there shall be substituted the
word " them".
24. In section 111 (3) ( appropriation of land ), for the words from the
beginning to " 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " Section 73
of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " .
25. In section 115( 3) (provisions as to features and buildings of
architectural and historic interest ), for the word " preservation ",
in both places where it occurs, there shall be substituted the word
"preserving".
26. In section 153( 1) ( compensation where planning permission
revoked or modified ), the words from " (other " to " State) " shall
cease to have effect.
27. In section 201 ( 9) (extinguishment of right to use vehicles on
highway ), for the words " county councils and town " there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands and district " and after the
words " planning authority " there shall be inserted the words " exer-
cising district planning functions ".
28. In section 202( 5 ) (amenity for highway reserved to pedestrians),
for the words " county councils and town " there shall be substituted
the words " regional , islands and district " and after the words
" planning authority " there shall be inserted the words " exercising
district planning functions ".
29. In section 243 (assistance for acquisition of property), for the
66 "
words from county to " town " there shall be substituted the
words " regional, islands or district ".
30. In section 250 (3) (borrowing by local authorities), for the words
" XII " and " 1947 " there shall be substituted respectively the words
" VII " and " 1973 ".
31. In section 260(6 )(a) ( default powers), for the words from " the
council " to " burgh" there shall be substituted the words " a local
authority " and for the word " council " there shall be substituted the
word " authority ".
32. In section 275( 1) (interpretation ), the following amendments
shall be made-
( a ) for the definition of " local authority " there shall be sub-
stituted the following definition-
"" local authority ' means a regional, islands or district
council ; " ;
( b) in the definition of " planning authority ", for the words
" section 1 of this Act " there shall be substituted the words
" section 172 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1973 " ;
( c ) there shall be inserted, at the appropriate place in alphabeti-
cal order, the following definition-
" district planning functions ' has the meaning assigned
to it by section 172 of the Local Government (Scotland )
Act 1973 ; " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2159
33. In Schedule 10 ( control of works on listed buildings), in para-
graph 15, for the words " local authority " there shall be substituted
the words " planning authority " .
34. In Schedule 18 ( orders relating to footpaths etc.), in paragraph
1( 2)(b)(ii) , for the words " county or town council " there shall be
substituted the words " local authority ".
SCHEDULE 24
AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO LICENSING, ETC.
PART I
AMENDMENT OF LICENSING (SCOTLAND) ACTS 1959 το 1969
The Licensing (Scotland ) Act 1959
1. In section 6 (casual vacancies in licensing courts and courts
of appeal ), for the word " county " there shall be substituted the
words " islands area or district ", and the words 66
or at a special
meeting of the magistrates " shall cease to have effect .
2. Section 11 (disqualification of justices not entered in valuation
roll) shall cease to have effect.
3. In section 13 ( membership of new town committee not to dis-
qualify member of licensing court), the words from " or " "
to" 1949
shall cease to have effect.
4. In section 14 ( magistrate or county councillor not disqualified
by reason of being justice, and vice versa ), for the words " a magis-
trate or a county councillor ", in both places where they occur,
there shall be substituted the words " an islands or district councillor ".
5. Section 15 ( election of town councillor to act for disqualified
magistrate) and section 16 ( county licensing court may grant certifi-
cates where members of burgh licensing court disqualified) shall
cease to have effect.
6. In section 17 (expenses of members of licensing courts and
courts of appeal), in subsection (1), for the words from the beginning
to " 1948 " there shall be substituted the words " Sections 45 to 50 of
the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " and for the words
from " among " onwards there shall be substituted the words " local
authorities " ; and in subsection ( 2), for the words from " county "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " islands area or
district whose area constitutes or includes the area of the court.".
7. In section 18( 2 ) ( general half-yearly meeting of licensing courts),
the words from " burgh " to " county" shall cease to have effect.
8. For section 20 ( place of meeting of licensing courts and courts
of appeal), there shall be substituted the following section : -
"Place of
20. The meetings of a licensing court or court of appeal
meeting of
meeting licensing courts and
shall be held at such places as the islands or district
council may determine, and the council shall publish by
courts of
advertisement notice of the place of any such meeting."
appeal.
SCH. 23
Sections 186,
187 , 188.
Section 186.
1959 с. 51 .
2160 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 24 9. For section 21 (expenses, etc. of meetings of licensing courts
and courts of appeal), there shall be substituted the following
section:
"Expenses,
21. The council of every islands area or district shall
etc. of meetings of
provide accommodation for the meetings, and otherwise
licensing courts and
defray any necessary expenses in respect of the proceed-
ings, of any licensing court and of the appeal court having
courts of
jurisdiction in their area. "
appeal.
10. For section 28 (clerk to licensing courts and courts of appeal),
there shall be substituted the following section : -
"Clerk to
28. The clerk of the peace for any area shall be the
licensing courts and
clerk to every licensing court and court of appeal having
courts of
jurisdiction within the area. "
appeal .
11. In section 29(1) (fees payable to clerk) the words "
or town
clerk " shall cease to have effect .
12. For section 31 (supplementary and local provisions) there shall
be substituted the following section :
"Deter- 31. ( 1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, and
mination of subject to the provisions of subsection ( 3) below, " popula-
population.
tion ", in relation to any licensing area, means the
population declared by the order last made under this
section relating to that area.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall, before 16th April
1975,
( a ) obtain from the Registrar General an estimate
( made by reference to the estimates prepared
by the Registrar General relating to 30th June
in the latest year for which such estimates are
available) of the population of every islands area
and district, and
(b ) make an order or orders declaring the population
of each islands area and district according to
such estimate.
( 3) Where the council of any islands area or district ,
either before or after 16th May 1975, divide their area
into licensing divisions in accordance with section 1( 2)
of this Act, they shall obtain from the Registrar General
an estimate (made as aforesaid) of the population of every
such division, and the population of any such division
shall, until the making of the first order under subsection
( 4) below relating to that division, be determined accord-
ing to such estimate.
( 4 ) As soon as may be after 30th June 1983, and after
every tenth year thereafter, the Secretary of State shall
( a ) obtain from the Registrar General an estimate
( made by reference to the estimates prepared
by the Registrar General relating to 30th June
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2161
in 1983 or, as the case may be, the said year in
respect of which the estimate is obtained) of
the population of each islands area, district and
licensing division, and
(b ) make an order or orders declaring the population
of each islands area, district and licensing
division according to such estimate.
( 5 ) An order made under subsection ( 4) above may
prescribe the date or dates on which alterations in the
number of members of licensing courts and courts of
appeal consequential on any increase or decrease of
population shall take effect .
( 6) Any order made under this section shall be laid
before Parliament.
( 7 ) In this section " the Registrar General " means
the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages
for Scotland. " .
13. In section 41 ( list of certificate holders), for the words after
"
"
printing the list shall there shall be substituted the words
" be defrayed by the council of the islands area or district whose
area constitutes or includes the area of the court. " .
14. In section 114 ( years in which temperance poll may be taken),
subsection ( 1) shall cease to have effect .
15. In section 120 (interpretation of Part VIII ).
(i ) in the definition of " area ", in paragraph (a ), after the words
" in the case of" there shall be inserted the words " an
area which immediately before 16th May 1975 constituted ",
and after the word " any " there shall be inserted the words
66 area which then constituted a " ; in paragraph ( b), for the
words " burgh, the whole burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " area which then constituted a burgh, the whole
of that area " ; and in paragraph ( c ), after the word " of "
there shall be inserted the words 66
an area which then
constituted " ;
(ii) in the definition of " local authority ", for paragraphs (a)
and (b) there shall be substituted the words " the council
of an islands area or district " ;
(iii) in the definition of " parish ", for the words " burgh or part
of a burgh situated therein " there shall be substituted the
words " area situated therein which immediately before 16th
May 1975 constituted a burgh or part of a burgh ", and
after the word " situated " there shall be inserted the words
" in an area which was then " .
16. In section 168(1) (register of clubs) the words or other area
" "
shall cease to have effect, after the word " keep " there shall be
inserted the words " in every sheriff court district within the
sheriffdom ", and for the words after " such " and before " in respect
"
there shall be substituted the word " district ".
SCH. 24
2162 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 24 17. In section 169 (application by club for certificate of registra-
tion ), in subsection ( 3) (c ) for the word " aforementioned " there shall
be substituted the word " aftermentioned ", in subsection ( 4 ) the
words from " either " (where it first appears ) to " case " shall cease
to have effect, and in subsection ( 5 ) for the words " magistrate or
justice of the peace " there shall be substituted the words " member
of a licensing court or court of appeal ".
18. In section 171 (procedure on application for grant or renewal
of certificate of club registration) , in subsection ( 1), for paragraphs
(b ) and ( c ) there shall be substituted the following words : -
"and
( b ) to the council of the islands area or district within which
the premises are situated. " ;
and in subsection ( 3), for the words " a town council " there shall be
substituted the words " an islands council ".
19. In section 175(1) ( cancellation of certificate of club registra-
tion ), the words from " or, if the premises " to " to a magistrate "
and the words " or magistrate " shall cease to have effect.
20. In section 195 (limitation of actions against sheriffs , etc. ) the
words " town clerk " shall cease to have effect.
21. In section 199(1) (interpretation ) the definitions of " burgh
licensing court " and " county licensing court " shall cease to have
effect ; in the definition of " licensing area ", for the words " any
burgh or county " there shall be substituted the words " any islands
area or district ", and for the word " district " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " division " ; in the definition of " licensing court ",
the words " or two " shall be omitted ; and in the definition of
" licensing district ", for the word " district " there shall be substituted
the word " division " and for the word " two " there shall be
substituted the word " one " .
22. For Schedule 1 there shall be substituted the following
Schedule--
" FIRST SCHEDULE
CONSTITUTION OF LICENSING COURTS
Class I
-Where population of licensing area is under 75,000.
Licensing court- Councillors 3 ; Justices 3 ; total 6.
Class II -Population of or exceeding 75,000 but under 200,000.
Licensing court-
Councillors 5 ; Justices 5 ; total 10.
Class III - Population of or exceeding 200,000 .
Licensing court- Councillors 7 ; Justices 7 ; total 14."
23. In Schedule 2 ( Forms of certificate), Schedule 4 (Forms for
use by clerks to courts) and Schedule 5 ( Forms relating to confirma-
tion of certificates), for the words " county [or licensing district or
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 65
2163
burgh " there shall be substituted, in every place where they appear,
the words " district [or islands area or licensing division " ; in
Schedule 2, in Forms 1 and 3, the words " parish of
and " shall cease to have effect, and in Form 2, the words " burgh of
and" shall cease to have effect ; and in Schedule 3, in
Form 1, the words " in the parish [ or burgh] of
and
countyof " shall cease to have effect .
The Licensing ( Scotland ) Act 1962
24. In Schedule 1 ( New forms of certificate ) in the form of certificate
for a restaurant and in the form of restricted hotel certificate, for
the words " county [or licensing district or burgh " there shall be
substituted in every place where they appear, the words " district [ or
islands area or licensing division ", and the words " parish of
and " shall cease to have effect .
SCH. 24
1962 с. 51 .
PART II
BETTING, GAMING AND LOTTERIES
The Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963
25.- (1) In Schedule 1 ( Bookmaker's permits, betting agency
permits and betting office licences), in paragraph 1( b) the words
or 2 " shall cease to have effect.66
( 2 ) In paragraph 2 of that Schedule, in the definition of " appro-
priate local authority ", for sub-paragraph ( b ), there shall be sub-
stituted the following sub - paragraph-
" ( b ) in Scotland,
(i) where the relevant premises are, or are to be,
situated in an islands area, the council for that area ;
(ii ) in any other case, the council for the district within
whose area the relevant premises are, or are to be,
situated; ".
26. In Schedule 2 (Registered pool promoters), in paragraph
1(1)(b), for the words " any county or large burgh " there shall be
substituted the words 66
an islands area or district " ; and paragraph
1( 2), ( 3), (4) and ( 6 ) and paragraphs 2 and 3 shall cease to have
effect .
27.- (1) In Schedule 3 ( Licensing of tracks for betting ), in para-
graph 1 for the words " Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 " there shall be
substituted the words " Paragraph 1 ", in head (b) of that paragraph
for the words " those paragraphs " there shall be substituted the
words " that paragraph ", and in head (b) of paragraph 2 the words
66 or committee " shall cease to have effect .
( 2 ) In paragraph 5(2)(b) of that Schedule, for sub-heads (i) and (ii ),
there shall be substituted the following-
" (i) the council of any islands area or district within which
the track or any part thereof is situated ; and
Section 187.
1963 с. 2.
2164 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 24
1968 с. 65.
(ii ) the general planning authority or district planning authority
for any area which includes the track or any part thereof; " ;
and at the end of sub- paragraph ( 2 ) there shall be inserted the
following words " and for the purposes of this and the next succeeding
paragraph " general planning authority " and " district planning
authority " have the meanings conferred on them by section 172 of
the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973. " .
( 3) For paragraph 6( 3) of that Schedule there shall be substituted
the following sub-paragraph-
" ( 3) The authorities referred to in sub- paragraph (1 ) (e) of this
paragraph are-
( a ) the general planning authority or district planning
authority for any area which includes the track or any
part thereof ;
(b) the council of any region (not being a general plan-
ning authority) which includes the track or any part
thereof ;
( c) any other local authority whose area adjoins any
district which includes the track or any part thereof,
where that authority or council are not the licensing
authority. "
28. In Schedule 6 ( Permits under section 49), paragraph 2 shall
cease to have effect.
29. In Schedule 7 ( Promotion of small lotteries by registered
societies), in paragraph 1( 2), for head (b) there shall be substituted
the following-
" ( b) in Scotland, an islands council or district council, " .
The Gaming Act 1968
30. In section 44( 3) ( local authority not to maintain or contribute
to premises licensed under Part II ), for the words 66
acounty council,
66
town council " there shall be substituted the words a regional
council, islands council ".
31. In Schedule 2 ( Grant, renewal, cancellation and transfer of
licences), in paragraph 2( 2), in the definition of " the appropriate
local authority " , for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the
following-
"(b ) in Scotland,
(i ) where the relevant premises are, or are to be,
situated in an islands area, the council for that area ;
(ii ) in any other case, the council for the district within
whose area the relevant premises are, or are to be,
situated ; " .
32. In Schedule 9 (Permits under section 34 ), in paragraph 1 (d ) , for
the words from " where " to " county " there shall be substituted
the words means the council of the islands area or district " ; and
paragraph 2 shall cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
2165
PART III SCH. 24
MISCELLANEOUS LICENSING, REGISTRATION AND RELATED MATTERS Section 188.
The Cinematograph Act 1909
1909 с. 30.
33. For the words " a county council " and " the county council ",
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words 66
an islands
or district council " or " the islands or district council " as the case
may be ; in section 7( 3), for the word " county ", wherever it occurs,
there shall be substituted the words " islands area or district " ; and
sections 5 and 8( 3) and ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect.
The Performing Animals (Regulation) Act 1925
1925 с. 38.
34. In section 6( a) (definition of local authority), for the words " a
county council or a town council " there shall be substituted the
words " an islands or district council " and the words from " and
any expenses " onwards shall cease to have effect.
The Theatrical Employers Registration Act 1925
1925 с. 50.
35. For subsection (1) of section 14 there shall be substituted the
following subsection-
"
' ( 1) The expression " registration authority means the
council of an islands area or district.'
The Methylated Spirits ( Sale by Retail ) (Scotland ) Act 1937
36. In section 6, in the definition of " local authority " , for the
words from " in the case of" onwards there shall be substituted the
words " an islands or district council " .
The House to House Collections Act 1939
37. In section 10 (application to Scotland ), for paragraph (a) there
shall be substituted the following paragraph : -
66( a ) sections 1, 2 and 4 shall apply as if for references to the
police authority for the police area comprising a locality and
to the chief officer of police of such an area there were
substituted respectively references to the islands or district
council for the area comprising a locality and to the proper
officer of such a council ; "
and paragraph (e) shall cease to have effect .
The War Charities Act 1940
38. In section 12 ( application to Scotland ), for paragraph (e) there
shall be substituted the following paragraph: -
" (e) section 7 shall apply as if for the words in subsection (1),
66 a police authority ", there were substituted the words " a
regional or islands council " and for the words "the
authority " there were substituted the words " the council " ;
and as if for the words in subsection ( 2) " chief officer of
police for the police area "
there were substituted the words
66
proper officer of the council of the region or islands
area " " ;
and in paragraph ( g ) for the words " county or town council " there
shall be substituted the words " regional or islands council " .
1937 с. 48.
1939 с. 44.
1940 с. 31 .
2166 SCH. 24
1951 с. 35.
1952 с. 46.
1963 с. 43.
1964 с. 70.
1966 с. 51 .
1968 с. 38 .
1968 с. 54.
1969 с. 27.
1972 с. 66.
c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
The Pet Animals Act 1951
39. In section 7( 3), in the definition of " local authority ", for the
"
words county or burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" islands area or district ".
The Hypnotism Act 1952
40. In section 2( 4) (b) (meaning of controlling authority), for the
words " the council of the county or burgh " there shall be substi-
tuted the words " the islands or district council for the area".
The Animal Boarding Establishments Act 1963
41. In section 5(2) (interpretation), in the definition of " local autho-
rity ", for the words " county or burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " islands area or district ".
The Riding Establishments Act 1964
42. In section 6( 4 ), in the definition of " local authority ", for the
words " county or any burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" islands area or district ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1966
43. In section 44 ( game licences), for the words " local authorities "
in both places where they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" islands and district councils ".
Sale of Venison (Scotland ) Act 1968
44. In section 3 (interpretation ), for the definition of " local autho-
rity ", there shall be substituted the following definition-
" local authority " means an islands or district council ; ' .
The Theatres Act 1968
45. In section 15(1) (powers of entry ) , the words from " and in
relation " onwards shall cease to have effect , and in section 18(1)
(interpretation), in the definition of " licensing authority ", in para-
graph ( c ), for the words from " as respects " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " the islands or district council.".
The Vehicle and Driving Licences Act 1969
46. In section 33(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " for the words from " the council of a burgh " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " in Scotland , the council of a
region, islands area or district ".
The Poisons Act 1972
47. In section 11( 2 ), in the definition of " local authority ", for
paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraph-
" (b) in relation to Scotland, the council of a region or islands
area ; ".
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2167
SCHEDULE 25
RELAXATION OF CONTROLS
The Roads and Bridges (Scotland ) Amendment Act 1892
1. Section 5 (preservation of lands from injury) shall cease to have
effect .
The Burgh Police (Scotland ) Act 1892
2. In section 396 (terms of licence for theatres, etc.) for the words
from the beginning to " £5 " there shall be substituted the words " A
reasonable fee set by the issuing authority shall be payable for each
licence ".
3. In section 433 ( brokers' licences), for the words " sum not exceed-
ing two shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words
" reasonable sum set by the issuing authority " .
The Burgh Police ( Scotland ) Act 1903
4. In section 81 (licensing of billiard halls), for the words from
" fee " to " shillings " there shall be substituted the words " reasonable
fee set by the issuing authority shall be payable ".
5. In section 98( 2) (application of Parts I and II ), the words from
" intimated " to " Scotland and " shall cease to have effect.
The Milk and Dairies (Scotland ) Act 1914
6. In section 28 (milk depots), the words " subject to the consent of
the Board " shall cease to have effect.
The Performing Animals (Regulation) Act 1925
7. In section 1 ( restriction on exhibition, etc. , of performing
animals), the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection ( 2), for the words " the prescribed fee " there
shall be substituted the words " such fee as appears to the
local authority to be appropriate " ;
( b) in subsection ( 5), the words " on payment of the prescribed
fee ", in both places where they occur, shall cease to have
effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 7), the words " subject to payment of the
prescribed fee " shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) at the end there shall be added the following subsection-
" (8) A local authority may charge such fees as appear
to them to be appropriate for inspection of the register,
for taking copies thereof or making extracts therefrom or
for inspection of copies of certificates of registration issued
by them. "
8. In section 5(3) (interpretation etc. ), the words from " and the
fee " onwards shall cease to have effect.
The Roads Improvement Act 1925
9. In section 5 ( prescription of building lines), paragraph ( a ) of the
proviso shall cease to have effect .
Section 209.
1892 с. 12.
1892 с. 55.
1903 с. 33.
1914с.46 .
1925 с. 38.
1925 с. 68.
2168 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 25
1928 с. 29.
1929 с. 33.
1930 с. 43.
1935 с. 47.
1937 с. 28.
1937 с. 48.
1946 с. 42.
The Slaughter of Animals (Scotland ) Act 1928
10. In section 2( 5) (fees for licences), the words "
not exceeding
five shillings " and the words
cease to have effect . "
not exceeding one shilling " shall
The Bridges Act 1929
11. In section 7(3) (arbitrations, etc.), the words from " and any
question " onwards shall cease to have effect .
12. In section 10 (rules of procedure ), subsections (1) and (2)
shall cease to have effect.
The Road Traffic Act 1930
13. In section 53 ( tolls ), the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection ( 2)(b), the words from " but a right " onwards
shall cease to have effect ;
(b) in subsection (6 ), the words " subject to the approval of the
Minister " shall cease to have effect.
14. In section 56 (removal of structures from highways, the
following amendments shall be made-
( a ) subsection (2) shall cease to have effect ;
66
( b ) in subsection (3), the words from or if " onwards shall
cease to have effect.
The Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935
15. In section 17( 2 ) (provision of means of entrance, etc. , as con-
dition of approval of building plans), the words from " measured "
to " State " shall cease to have effect .
The Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland ) Act 1937
16. In section 10( 5) ( application of 1847 Act ), the words from
" and if " onwards shall cease to have effect.
The Methylated Spirits (Sale by Retail ) (Scotland ) Act 1937
17. In section 2 ( lists of persons entitled to sell methylated spirits),
the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (1), in the proviso, for the words " prescribed
fees " there shall be substituted the words " fees set by
them " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2), for the words " prescribed fee ", there shall
be substituted the words " fee set by the authority " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4), for the words " fees as may be prescribed "
there shall be substituted the words " reasonable fees as
the authority may set " .
The Water (Scotland ) Act 1946
18. Section 3 (Secretary of State may require records, etc. , from
persons abstracting water) shall cease to have effect .
19. In section 9 ( water for domestic purposes), the words from
" and the Secretary " onwards shall cease to have effect .
20. In section 24(1) ( power to carry out works), the proviso shall
cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2169
21. In section 29( 2) (local authority may provide wells, etc.), in
the proviso, the words from " and any " onwards shall cease to have
effect.
22. In section 53 (provision of water supply for new buildings), in
subsection ( 1), the words from " in accordance " to " may make ",
and subsection (4) shall cease to have effect.
23. In Schedule 4 ( provisions to be incorporated in orders relating
"
to water undertakings), in paragraph 19, the words from Any
dispute " onwards, and in paragraph 24(2), the words from
66 or as
onwards, shall cease to have effect.
The Local Government Act 1948
24. Section 138( 2) ( consent of Minister to agreements ) shall cease
to have effect .
The Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids ) Act 1950
25. Sections 14 (provision of cattle-grids off roads ) and 18 ( pro-
visions as to cattle-grids provided before the Act ) shall cease to have
effect.
The Pet Animals Act 1951
26. In section 1( 2) ( licensing of pet shops ), the words " not exceed-
ing £2 " shall cease to have effect .
The Food and Drugs (Scotland ) Act 1956
27. In section 21 ( provision of cold stores by local authority ), in
subsection ( 1), the words " with the approval of the Secretary of
State " and the words from " and any " onwards shall cease to have
effect, and subsections (2) and ( 3) shall cease to have effect.
28. Section 22(2) (notification of cases of food poisoning ) shall
cease to have effect .
The Weights and Measures Act 1963
29. In section 4(2) (local standards) , after the word " kept " there
shall be inserted the words " in such manner and under such
conditions as the Secretary of State may direct " , the words " and
approved for the purpose by the Board " shall cease to have effect,
and for the words " approved in that behalf by the Board " there
shall be substituted the words " which appear to the authority to be
appropriate ".
30. In section 5( 3) (working standards etc. ), the words " and
approved for the purpose by the Board " shall cease to have effect.
31. In section 44(1) ( inspector's fees), the words " with the consent
of the Board " shall cease to have effect .
The Animal Boarding Establishments Act 1963
32. In section 1( 2 ) (licensing of boarding establishments for
animals) , the words " not exceeding £2 " shall cease to have effect .
The Riding Establishments Act 1964
33. In section 1( 2) (licensing of riding establishments), for the
66
words a fee not exceeding £10 " there shall be substituted the
words " such fee as may be set by the local authority " .
SCH. 25
1948 с. 26.
1950 с. 24.
1951 с. 35.
1956 с. 30.
1963 с. 31.
1963 с. 43.
1964 с. 70.
2170 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 25
1967 с. 76.
1967 с. 78.
The Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
34. In section 12(6) ( temporary prohibition or restriction of traffic ),
for the words " six weeks from the making " there shall be substituted
the words " three months from the coming into operation " .
35. In section 29 ( powers regarding off- street parking places), in
subsection ( 1), the words from " exercisable" to " by him ", and
subsection ( 2), shall cease to have effect.
36. In section 31( 2 ) (use of parking places ), the words from " and
where " onwards shall cease to have effect.
37. In section 37(5) (supplementary provisions), for the words " the
prescribed steps " there shall be substituted the words " such steps
as appear to them to be appropriate ", for the words from " not less "
to "occasions " there shall be substituted the word " afterwards ",
and the words " in the prescribed manner " and the words from " and
in this " onwards shall cease to have effect.
38. In section 44 ( financial provisions), in subsection ( 2 ), in the
proviso, the words from " but shall not " onwards shall cease to
have effect, and in subsection ( 3)( c ), the words " with the consent
of the appropriate Minister " shall cease to have effect.
The Water (Scotland ) Act 1967
39. In Schedule 5 (amendments of the Water ( Scotland ) Acts),
in paragraph 26, in subsection (1) of the substituted section 18, for
the words " Secretary of State " there shall be substituted the words
" water authority within whose limits of supply the premises are
situated ", and in the said section 18, subsection ( 2 ) shall cease to
have effect.
1967 с. 86.
The Countryside ( Scotland ) Act 1967
40. In section 41(1)(b) (ferries for purposes of long-distance routes ),
the words " with the approval of the Secretary of State " shall cease
to have effect.
1968 с. 49.
1968 с. 73.
The Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968
41. In section 22 (removal of children in residential establishments),
the words " the Secretary of State or " shall cease to have effect.
The Transport Act 1968
42. In section 12( 4) (borrowing powers of Executive ), the words
" with the consent of the Minister " shall cease to have effect.
43. In section 36 (power of local authority to run contract
carriages), in subsection (2) , the words " subject to subsection ( 3) of
this section " shall cease to have effect, and subsections (3) to (8)
shall cease to have effect.
44. In section 37 (power for local authorities to acquire or dispose
of public service vehicle undertakings), in subsection (1), the words
from " with the consent " to " State " shall cease to have effect, and
subsection (2) shall cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .65
2171
45. In section 138 (travel concessions ), subsections
(9 ) (a) shall cease to have effect.
The Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1972
46. In section 63(1) ( proper maintenance of waste land ), the words
from " then " to " State " shall cease to have effect.
47. In section 84(1) ( power to serve enforcement notice), the words
from " to any " to " State and " shall cease to have effect.
48. In section 260 ( default powers of Secretary of State ), in sub-
section (1), the words from " may give " to " confirmation or ود
shall
cease to have effect , and in subsection ( 5 ), paragraph (b) and the
words from " or under " to " 61 of this Act " and the words from
" may give " to " notice or " shall cease to have effect.
( 8) and SCH. 25
1972 с. 52.
SCHEDULE 26
AMENDMENTS OF THE TWEED FISHERIES ACT 1969
1. Section 3 shall cease to have effect.
2. In section 5-
( a ) in subsection ( 1), for the words " the appointed day ",
in both places where they occur, there shall be substituted
the words " 16th May 1975 " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2), the words from " but " onwards shall cease
to have effect ;
( c ) after subsection ( 2) there shall be inserted the following
subsections-
66 ( 2A ) The representatives appointed as commissioners
by a local authority shall be persons appearing to the
local authority to be persons sufficiently representing the
interests of those respective parts of the area of that
local authority as are specified in column 3 of Schedule 1
to this Act, and the number of persons appointed in
respect of each part so specified shall be in accordance
with the respective numbers specified in column 4 of the
said Schedule 1.
( 2B ) Of the representatives appointed in respect of
each specified part of the area of a local authority, the
respective number specified in column 5 of the said
Schedule 1 shall be persons appearing to the local autho-
rity to be persons sufficiently representing the interests
of freshwater fishing associations or clubs within that
part . "
3. In section 6( 2) ( a ), before the word " burgh " there shall be
inserted the word " former ".
4. In section 7( 3), before the word " burgh " there shall be inserted
the word " former ".
Section 213.
1969 c. xxiv.
2172 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 26 5. For Schedule 1 there shall be substituted the following
Schedule-
" SCHEDULE 1
REFRESENTATIVE COMMISSIONERS
Number
Number
Number
Part of Local
of Repre- sentatives of Repre-
Local Authority of Repre- sentatives
Authority Area represented
for each
sentatives
partof
of asso-
Local
ciations
Authority
orclubs
Area
1 2
3
4
5
District Council of
Berwickshire.
District Council of
Roxburgh.
District Council of
Ettrick and
Lauderdale.
District Council of
Tweeddale.
Berwick on Tweed
DistrictCouncil.
9 Former Burgh of 2 1
Coldstream.
Former Burgh of Duns . 2 1
Former Burgh of 2 1
Eyemouth.
Remainder of the 3 2
Council's area .
9 Former Burgh of 2 1
Jedburgh.
Former Burgh of Kelso 2 1
Former Burgh of Hawick 2 1
Remainder of the 3 2
Council's area.
11 Former Burgh of Selkirk 2 1
Former Burgh of Lauder 2 1
Former Burgh of 2 1
Galashiels .
Former Burgh ofMelrose 2 1
Remainder of the 3 2
Council's area
5 Former Burgh of Peebles 2 1
Former Burgh of 2 1
Innerleithen.
Remainder of the 1
-
Council's area .
9 Former Borough of 2 1
Berwick-upon- Tweed.
The rural district of
2 1
Norham and Island-
shires.
The rural district of 4 3
Glendale.
The remainder of the 1
RiverTweed catchment
area within the County
ofNorthumberland.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2173
SCHEDULE 27
ADAPTATION AND AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS
PART I
GENERAL ADAPTATION OF ENACTMENTS
1 .- (1 ) This paragraph applies to any enactment passed before,
or during the same session as, this Act, and any instrument made
before this Act under any enactment.
( 2 ) Any reference in any such enactment, including the 1947 Act,
or instrument to a local authority within the meaning of the 1947 Act
shall be construed as a reference to a local authority within the
meaning of this Act.
( 3) Any reference in any such enactment or instrument to a sheriff
clerk of a county, however expressed, shall be construed as a
reference to the sheriff clerk of the sheriff court district concerned.
2.- (1 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, in any enactment or
instrument to which paragraph 1 above applies any reference to a
specified officer of a local authority shall be construed as a reference
to the proper officer of a local authority.
( 2) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply in any case-
( a) to a reference to a specified officer of a local authority in an
enactment mentioned in section 64( 5) of this Act or any
other enactment referring to an officer specified in such a
reference ; or
(b) to a reference in any enactment to an assessor or depute
assessor appointed under section 116 of this Act.
PART II
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Jury Trials (Scotland ) Act 1815
1. In section 20 (summoning of jurors), for the words " county, city,
town or place " there shall be substituted the words " sheriff court
district " , and for the words " counties, cities, towns or places " there
shall be substituted the words " sheriff court districts ".
The Riotous Assemblies (Scotland ) Act 1822
2. In section 10 (compensation for damage by riot ), for the words
" town clerk of the city or burgh within which " there shall be
substituted the words " regional or islands council within whose
" 66
area " ; and the words from " or the clerk of supply to city or
burgh " , where they occur second, shall cease to have effect ; and
for the words from " the justices " onwards there shall be substituted
the words " any competent court in Scotland ".
The Jurors (Scotland ) Act 1825
3. In section 1 (qualification of jurors), the words " in any county
"
shall cease to have effect, and for the words " county or shire, city or
place " there shall be substituted the words " sheriff court district ".
Part III P
Section 214.
1815 с. 42.
1822 с. 33.
1825 с. 22.
2174 SCH. 27 1868 с. 100.
1875 с. 17.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
4. For section 3 (rolls of jurors) there shall be substituted the
following section : -
"General
jury book. 3. The sheriff principal of each sheriffdom shall, in
respect of each sheriff court district in his sheriffdom,
maintain a book, known as ' the general jury book ' ,
containing the names and designations of persons within
the district who are qualified and liable to serve as
jurors, and that book shall be kept in the sheriff clerk's
office for the district and shall be open on all lawful
days to the inspection of any person ".
5. For section 7 ( jurors for trials in Edinburgh) there shall be
substituted the following section : -
" Jurors for 7. The High Court of Justiciary and the Court of
High Court Session may, by Act of Adjournal or Act of Sederunt,
and Court
ofSession
as the case may be, specify the areas from which and
trials in
the proportions in which jurors are to be summoned for
Edinburgh. trials in those courts to be held in Edinburgh, and for
any such trial the sheriff principal of the sheriffdom in
which the trial is to take place shall requisition the re-
quired number of jurors from the areas and in the pro-
portions so specified " .
6. For section 8 ( jurors for circuit trials) there shall be substituted
the following section : -
" Jurors for 8. Where the High Court of Justiciary is to be on
High Court circuit, the sheriff principal of the sheriffdom in which a
when on
Circuit. trial is to be held shall requisition from the sheriff court
districts in which the circuit is to take place the required
number of jurors for that trial in such proportions as
may be specified by that Court in an Act of Adjournal ".
7. In section 9 (jurors in inferior courts), for the word " county "
there shall be substituted the words " sheriff court district ".
8. In section 10 (order in which names of jurors to be taken ),
for the words " counties and " there shall be substituted the words
" sheriff court ", and for the word " counties " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " sheriff court districts " .
The Court of Session Act 1868
9. In section 45 (mode of returning jurors), for the words from
" of Edinburgh " to " counties " there shall be substituted the word
principal".
The Explosives Act 1875
10. In section 110 ( local authority ), for paragraph 1 there shall be
substituted the following paragraph-
" (1) A regional or islands council ; and ".
11. In section 111 (expenses of local authority), for paragraph (a)
there shall be substituted the following paragraph-
" (a) The regional or general rate, as the case may be ; and"
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2175
The Militia Act 1882 SCH. 27
12. In section 34(2) ( gazetting of commissioners), for the words 1882 c. 49.
" county rate " there shall be substituted the words " regional or
general rate ".
The Electric Lighting Act 1882
13. In section 31( b) ( definition of local authority ), for the words
"county or town " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district ".
14. In section 36 ( application to Scotland), in the definition of
66
" local authority ", after the word streets ", in both places where
it occurs, there shall be inserted the word " sewers ".
The Criminal Procedure ( Scotland ) Act 1887
15. In section 47 ( area from which jury summoned) , for the word
"county " there shall be substituted the words " sheriff court
district ", and the words from " but in all cases " onwards shall cease
to have effect .
1882 с. 56.
1887 с. 35.
The Allotments (Scotland ) Act 1892
16. In section 2(1) (duty to acquire land for allotments), the follow-
ing amendments shall be made-
( a ) for the words from " the case of a burgh " to " that parish
"
there shall be substituted the words " their area " ;
( b) for the words " the burgh or parish " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " the area " ;
( c ) for the words " such burgh or in such parish " there shall be
substituted the words " their area " ;
( d ) for the words " the said burgh or the said parish " there shall
be substituted the words " their area " ;
( e ) for the words " the said burgh or parish " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " their area " .
17. In section 6(2) (management of allotments ), for the words " the
burgh or parish " there shall be substituted the words " their area ".
18. In section 8( 2 ) (recovery of rent ), for the words from " the
burgh " to " provided " there shall be substituted the words " their
area "
and for the words " the burgh or parish " (in both places
where they subsequently occur) there shall be substituted the words
" their area ".
19. In section 14 ( register of tenancies), for the words " the burgh
or the parish " there shall be substituted the words " their area ", for
the words " such burgh or parish " there shall be substituted the
words " such area " and for the words " burgh or parish " ( where last
occurring ) there shall be substituted the word " area " .
20. In section 16 (definitions), in the definition of "local
authority " , for the words from " in " (where first occurring) onwards
there shall be substituted the words " an islands or a district
council".
Part III P2
1892 с. 54.
2176 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1894 с. 58.
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1894
21. Sections 3 to 25 shall cease to have effect.
22. Sections 42 to 48 shall cease to have effect.
23. In section 54, the definitions of " police burgh " , " Public
"
Health Acts ", " Education Acts ", and " burgh shall cease to
have effect.
1894 с. 60.
1897 с. 38.
The Merchant Shipping Act 1894
24. In section 515 (liability of locality for compensation for
plundered vessel), for the words " inhabitants of the county, city or
borough " there shall be substituted the words " council of the region
or islands area ".
25. In section 668 (Commissioners of Northern Lights), the follow-
ing amendments shall be made-
(a) in subsection ( 1)(b), for the words " provosts of Inverness
and Campbeltown " there shall be substituted the words
" chairmen of the Inverness and Argyll district councils " ;
66
( b) in subsection ( 3), for the words from " provost " to near
ود
there shall be substituted the words " chairman of any
district council which include in their area " .
The Public Health (Scotland ) Act 1897
26. In section 3 ( definitions),-
( a ) the definitions of " sanitary inspector ", " clerk ", " parish ",
" burgh " , " county ", and " district committee " shall cease
to have effect,
( b ) for the definition of " district " there shall be substituted the
following definition-
"Except in section 12 and, where it second occurs in
section 36( 4) of this Act, the word ' district ' means the
area of the local authority for the purposes of this Act. "
27. In section 6, for the words " parish council " there shall be
substituted the words " local authority " .
28. For section 12 there shall be substituted the following
section-
" Local
authorities
forthe
12. The islands or district council shall be the local
authority for the purposes of this Act. "
purposes of
theAct.
29. Section 15 (reports and returns ), shall cease to have effect .
30. In section 18 (power of entry), the words " magistrate or "
and the word " magistrate " , in each place where it occurs thereafter,
shall cease to have effect.
31. In section 19 (information of nuisances), the words " of the
county or burgh " shall cease to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
2177
32. In section 22 (proceedings in respect of nuisance), -
( a ) the words " magistrate or ", in each place where they occur,
( b ) the words " or on a representation by aparish council ",
(c ) the words " to the collector of the churchyard or other
dues, or " and
( d ) the word " other ", where it second occurs,
shall cease to have effect .
33. In sections 23, 25 to 27, 47, 52, 54, 55, 69, 154, 155 , and
177, the word " magistrate " or " magistrates ", in each place where
either of them occurs, shall cease to have effect .
34. Section 28 shall cease to have effect .
35. In section 31 ( waterclosets etc. used in common) the words
"
or of their sanitary inspector " shall cease to have effect .
36. In section 32 ( offensive businesses ) in subsection ( 2) , the words
from " but, in the case " onwards shall cease to have effect.
37. In section 36 (complaint of nuisance from offensive trade), in
subsection ( 1), the words 66
or from a representation by a parish
council " shall cease to have effect.
38. In section 37 (nuisance by local authority in dealing with
refuse ), -
( a ) in subsection ( 1 ) , -
(i) the words from " by the county " to " any district
shall cease to have effect,
"
(ii ) the words " such county council or shall cease
to have effect,
( b) in subsection (2), the words from " and for the purpose
"
onwards shall cease to have effect.
39. In section 39 (scavenging of highways) -
( a ) in the first paragraph for the words from the beginning to
" situated " there shall be substituted the words " A local
authority " and the words " within such special scavenging
district " shall cease to have effect ;
( b) in the second paragraph for the words " within such special
district " and for the words from " district committee " to
“
council ) " there shall be substituted respectively the words
“
in any area to which the Burgh Police (Scotland) Acts
1892 and 1903 do not apply " and " local highway authority
within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland)
Act 1973 ".
40. In section 42 (removal of manure), the words " in any special
scavenging district ", in both places where they occur, shall cease to
have effect.
41. In section 94 (power to require additional supply of water ),
the words from " but in the case " onwards shall cease to have effect.
42. Section 118 shall cease to have effect .
Part III P3
SCH. 27
2178 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1899 с. 19.
1913 с. 17.
1963 с. 31 .
1914с. 46.
1916 с. 13.
1919 с. 97.
43. Section 121 ( combination of local authorities as to sewerage )
shall cease to have effect.
44. In section 146 ( procedure on neglect of duty), -
66
( a ) in subsection (1), the words or for a parish council " and
" of the county " shall cease to have effect, and
66
( b ) in subsection ( 2) the words or for any parish council "
shall cease to have effect.
45. In section 157, the words " magistrate or " shall cease to have
effect .
66
46. In section 158, the words or magistrates " shall cease to
have effect.
47. In section 162, the words " magistrate or ", where they first
occur, and the word " magistrate ", where it second occurs, shall
cease to have effect.
48. Sections 191 (saving for county councils and standing joint
committees) and 192 (saving of local Acts) shall cease to have effect .
The Electric Lighting (Clauses ) Act 1899
49. In the Schedule, at the end of section 10, there shall be added
the following words-
" In this section, ' local authority ' means both the regional and
district council, or, as the case may be, the islands council,
within whose area the electric line is proposed to be placed. "
The Fabrics ( Misdescription) Act 1913
50. For section 7( 2) (application to Scotland ) there shall be substi-
tuted the following subsection-
" ( 2 ) The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be
the local weights and measures authority as defined in
section 36 of the Weights and Measures Act 1963. "
The Milk and Dairies (Scotland ) Act 1914
51. In section 2 ( definitions), at the end there shall be added the
following definition-
" local authority " means an islands or district council ' .
52. In section 31(1) ( repeal), for the word " burgh " there shall be
substituted the word " area " and for the words from " authorities "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " authority concerned ".
The Police, Factories &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1916
53. In section 5( 3) (byelaws as to street collections) , for the words
from the beginning to " include a " there shall be substituted the words
"An islands or district council shall have " and for the words " the
county " there shall be substituted the words " their area ".
The Land Settlement (Scotland ) Act 1919
54. In section 18( 2) (powers regarding allotments), for the words
"town councils " and town council " there shall be substituted
respectively the words " local authorities " and " local authority ".
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2179
The Electricity (Supply ) Act 1919 SCH . 27
55. In section 21 (overhead wires), for the words from " and the 1919 c. 100.
local " onwards there shall be substituted the words " and the
planning authority an opportunity of being heard " and, at the end,
there shall be added the following words-
" In this section, ' local authority ' means both the regional and
district council, or, as the case may be, the islands council,
within whose area the electric line is proposed to be placed,
and ' planning authority ' means both the regional and district
planning authority, or, as the case may be, the general planning
authority (all within the meaning of Part IX of the Local
Government (Scotland ) Act 1973) within whose district the
electric line is proposed to be placed." .
The Celluloid and Cinematograph Film Act 1922
56. In section 10(1) (application to Scotland ), in the definition of
" Local authority " for the words " county or burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " region or islands area ".
57. In section 11( 2), after the word " the " there shall be inserted
the words " area of the former " .
1922 с. 35.
The Allotments (Scotland ) Act 1922
58. In section 7 ( common pasture ), for the words " the burgh or
parish " ( wherever they occur ) there shall be substituted the words
" their area ".
59. In section 10(1 ) (powers of entry), for the words " town council
or parish council " there shall be substituted the words " local
authority".
60. In section 19( 1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority ", for the words " atown council or parish " there shall be
substituted the words " an islands area or a district ".
1922 с. 52.
The Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act 1922
61. In section 2 (refusal of registration ), at the end there shall
be added the following subsection-
" ( 4 ) In this section ' local authority ' means an islands or
district council. "
62. In section 14( f ) (application to Scotland ), for the words from
" this Act ", where second occurring, onwards there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 3 of this Act shall be enforced by islands
or district councils " .
1922 с. 54.
The Church of Scotland ( Property and Endowments)
Act 1925
63. In section 22 ( burgh churches) -
( a ) after subsection ( 2), there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
“ (2A) References in any scheme made under this
section of this Act and in subsection ( 2) above to the
Part III P4
1925 с. 33.
2180 1926 с. 51 .
1928 с. 19.
1928 с. 29.
c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
magistrates or the town council of a burgh and to the
burgh within which a burgh church is situated shall, on
and after 16th May 1975, be construed respectively as
references to the council of the district and to the district
within which that burgh church is situated. " ;
(b) in subsection ( 3), for the words " town council of the burgh
"
there shall be substituted the words " council of the
district " and for the words " town council ", where second
occurring, there shall be substituted the words " district
council" ;
(c ) in subsection (4)-
66
(i ) before the word burgh " , where second , third
and fourth occurring, there shall be inserted the word
" former " ;
(ii ) the words " continue to " shall cease to have
effect ;
(iii ) for the words " town councils of the said burghs
there shall be substituted the words " councils of the
districts in which these churchyards are situated " .
64. In section 26 ( transfer of parish churches etc.), for the word
" parish " there shall be substituted the word " district " .
65. In section 28( 4) (transfer of rights in parish churches etc.),
for the words " town councils in their capacity as town " there shall
be substituted the words " islands and district " .
66. In section 32 (transfer of parish churchyards) -
( a ) for the words " parish council ", wherever occurring, there
shall be substituted the words " islands or district council " ;
( b ) subsection (3) shall cease to have effect ;
66
(c ) in subsection ( 4 ), the words or other local authority ", in
each place where they occur, shall cease to have effect .
67. In section 33 (preservation of monuments etc. ), for the words
"
parish council ", in both places where they occur, there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council ".
The Electricity (Supply ) Act 1926
68. In section 35(2) (protection of county bridges ), for the words
from " county road board " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " regional or islands council concerned ".
The Agricultural Produce (Grading and Marking) Act 1928
69. In section 8 (application to Scotland), for the words from
" town " to " borough " there shall be substituted the words " region
or islands area shall be substituted for references to a county " .
The Slaughter of Animals (Scotland ) Act 1928
70. In section 7 ( definitions ), at the end there shall be added the
following definition-
"
' (e ) " local authority means an islands or district council '.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2181
The Petroleum (Consolidation) Act 1928 SCH. 27
71. In section 24(1) (application to Scotland ), for paragraphs ( a ) 1928 c. 32.
and (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs-
" (a ) in a region, the regional council ;
( b) in an islands area, the islands council. ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1929
72. Sections 1 to 3, 5, 6, 10 , 11, 18, 24 and 26 shall cease to have
1929 с. 25.
effect .
73. In section 29, for the words from " county council " to " large
burgh " there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or
district council ".
74. Sections 34, 41, 49( 3) and ( 4 ), 50 to 52 and 76 shall cease to
have effect.
75. In section 77, the following amendments shall be made-
(a ) subsection ( 1 ), other than the definitions of " Agricultural
Lands and Heritages ", " Industrial Lands and Heritages " ,
“
Freight Transport Lands and Heritages ", " Industrial Pur-
poses " and " Freight Transport Purposes ", " Functions ",
66
" Rate " , " Rating Authority " and Water Rate ", and
subsections (2) and ( 3) and ( 5 ) to ( 8) shall cease to have
effect ; and
( b) in the said subsection ( 1), in the said definition of " Rating
Authority " , for the words from " means, as respects " to
" town council " there shall be substituted the words " shall
have the meaning assigned to it by section 109 of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973
76. Section 79 and Schedules 1, 2 and 5 shall cease to have effect.
The Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act 1930
77. In section 11 (application to Scotland), for any reference to a
town council or a county council there shall be substituted a reference
to an islands or district council.
1930 c. 51 .
The Agricultural Land (Utilisation) Act 1931
78. In section 24( a) ( application to Scotland), for the words
town " there shall be substituted the words " an islands area ".
1931 с. 41 .
"a
The Church of Scotland ( Property and
Endowments ) Amendment Act 1933
79. In section 2( 2) ( transfer of certain churchyards)—
( a ) for the words " county or burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " islands area or district " ;
(b ) the words from " or, in the case onwards shall cease to
have effect.
1933 с. 44.
The Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland ) Act 1936
80. In section 11(6 ) (powers of county council and town council
to report to Commissioners), for the words " county council or town
1936 с. 52.
2182 c.65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1937 с. 37.
1937 с. 6.
1939 с . 31.
66
council " there shall be substituted the words regional, islands
or district council ".
The Children and Young Persons (Scotland ) Act 1937
81. In section 110 (interpretation ) the following amendments shall
be made-
( a ) insubsection (1), for the definition of " Local authority " there
shall be substituted the following definition-
" " Local authority ' means a regional or islands
council. ",
and the definition of " Large burgh " shall cease to have
effect , and
( b ) subsection (2) shall cease to have effect.
The Air-Raid Precautions Act 1937
82. In section 13 ( application to Scotland ) the following amend-
ments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " for any reference to
a county borough " to the end there shall be substituted
the words " and for any reference to a county there shall
be substituted a reference to a region or islands area " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), for the words " county and town " there
shall be substituted the words " islands and district " ;
66 "
( c ) in subsection ( 4), for the word county where it first
occurs and the words " county ( including any small burgh
therein ) " there shall be substituted respectively the words
regional " and " region " and the words from " and, as“
regards " to the end shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) in subsection ( 6 ), for the words from " includes " to the end
there shall be substituted the words " means a regional,
islands or district council " ;
( e ) subsections ( 9), (10) and (12) shall cease to have effect.
The Civil Defence Act 1939
83. In section 91 (application to Scotland ) the following amend-
ments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (2)( a), in the substituted section 11(1), for the
words " county or town " there shall be substituted the
words a regional or islands ", and for the substituted
section 11( 2) there shall be substituted the following sub-
section:-
" ( 2 ) The council of a district shall before exercising
any function under this Part of this Act consult with the
council of the region within which that district is
situated . " ;
(b ) in subsection (2)( b), for the words from " the council " to
" situated " there shall be substituted the words " an islands
or district council " and in the proviso for the words from
" includes " to the end there shall be substituted the words
"means a regional, islands or district council " ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c.65
2183
( c ) in subsection (2)( c), for the words from " the expression
to the end there shall be substituted the words " other than
in section 33 the expression " local authority " means an
islands or district council " ;
( d ) for subsection ( 23) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" ( 23) in section 64(1), for the words from the beginning
to ' district ' there shall be substituted the words ' Any
regional, islands or district council ' " ;
(e ) in subsection ( 26), for the words " small burgh " where they
first occur and the words " council of the small burgh to
the county " there shall be substituted respectively the word
" district " and the words " district council to the regional "
and at the end there shall be added the words " and for
any reference to a county or a county council there shall
be substituted respectively a reference to a region or a
regional council " ;
( f ) in subsection ( 27 ), for the words " small burgh " where they
first occur there shall be substituted the word " district ",
in the substituted subsection ( 2 ) (a ), for the words " small
burgh " and " county " wherever they occur there shall be
substituted respectively the words " district " and
"
regional " and in the substituted subsection ( 2) ( c) for the
66
word county " there shall be substituted the words
" regional or islands " ;
( g ) in subsection (33) for the words " county or town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local authority " ;
( h ) subsection (2)( d ) , (e) and ( f ), in subsection ( 3) the definitions
of " large burgh " and " small burgh " and subsections ( 15),
(18), ( 19), (25) and ( 31) shall cease to have effect .
" SCH. 27
The Public Health (Scotland ) Act 1945
1945 с. 15.
( 9 & 10 Geo. 6.)
84. In section 1( 8 ) (interpretation ), for the definition of " local
authority " there shall be substituted the following definition-
" the expression ' local authority ' means an islands or district
council ".
The Civic Restaurants Act 1947
85. In section 1(1)(c) (power to establish restaurants), for the words
" a county or town council " there shall be substituted the words "
an
islands area or district council ".
86. In section 4(3) (interpretation ), for the words " a county, town
وو
there shall be substituted the words " an islands area ".
The Electricity Act 1947
87. In section 68( 3) (application to Scotland ), for the words
66
county or town ود
there shall be substituted the words " regional ,
islands or district ".
1947 с. 22.
1947 с.54.
2184 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1948 с. 26.
The Local Government Act 1948
88. In section 133( 3)(i) (war memorials) for the words " sections
two and " there shall be substituted the word " section ".
1948 с. 29.
The National Assistance Act 1948
| 89. In section 33(1) ( local authorities for certain purposes of the
Act ), for the words " the council of a county or of a large burgh in
Scotland. " there shall be substituted the words " a regional or
islands council in Scotland.".
90. In section 41( 2) (a ) (registration of charities for disabled
persons), for the words " counties " and " large burghs " there shall be
substituted respectively the words " regions " and " islands areas ".
91. In section 47(12) (removal of persons in need of care ), for the
words " counties and large burghs " there shall be substituted the
words " regions and islands areas " .
92. In section 48(4) (temporary protection for property of hospital-
ised persons) , for the words " county ", where first occurring, and
"
large burgh " there shall be substituted respectively the words
66
region " and " islands area " .
93. In section 50(2) ( burial etc. of dead ), for the words " county
and town " there shall be substituted the words " islands and
district ".
94. In section 65(e ) ( application to Scotland), for the words
66
county or town " there shall be substituted the words " regional or
islands ".
1948 с. 5.
( 12 , 13, & 14
Geo. 6. )
1949 с. 47.
1949 с. 67.
1949 с. 94.
The Civil Defence Act 1948
95. In section 9( 1) (interpretation ) , in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words from " has " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " means a regional, islands or district council " .
The Finance Act 1949
96. In section 15 (transfer of duties on moneylenders' and pawn-
brokers' licences), in subsection (9), for paragraph (a ) there shall be
substituted the following paragraph-
" (a ) the local authority shall be an islands or district council ".
The Civil Aviation Act 1949
97. In section 19( 9) ( power of local authorities to provide aero-
dromes ), after " section " insert " the expression ' local authority '
means a regional or islands council and ".
98. In section 63(1) ( interpretation ), in the definition of " local
66
authority " , for the words from county council " onwards there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district council " .
The Criminal Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1949
99. In section 78(1) (interpretation ), the definitions of " large
burgh " and " small burgh " shall cease to have effect .
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2185
The National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949
100. In section 21(1) (nature reserves), after the word " borough
there shall be inserted the words " or in Scotland a regional, islands or
district council ".
101. In section 23 (areas of special scientific interest), for the words
" local planning authority " there shall be substituted the words
66
regional, general or district planning authority ( within the meaning
of Part IX of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973) ".
102. In section 99(2) (contributions by local authorities), for the
words from " means " to the end there shall be substituted the words
means a regional, islands or district council " ."
103. In section 103( 7) (acquisition of land ), for the words from
66
156" to 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " 70 of the
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 ".
104. In section 104(10) (appropriation etc. of land ), for the words
“
from " or of " onwards there shall be substituted the words or of
sections 73 and 74 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
105. In section 106(4 )(a ) (byelaws) , for the words from " 1947 " to
" 303 " there shall be substituted the words " 1973 and to sections
201 to 204 ".
SCH. 27
1949 с. 97.
The Allotments (Scotland ) Act 1950
106. In section 9( a) (restriction of obligations to provide allot-
ments), for the words " town council of a burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " council of an islands area or a district ".
107. In section 13(1)(b) (interpretation), for the words " a town
council " there shall be substituted the words an islands council ".66
The Rag Flock and Other Filling Materials Act 1951
108. In section 36(3) (application to Scotland ), for the words
county or town council " there shall be substituted the words
islands or district council " .
66
a
an
The Prisons (Scotland ) Act 1952
109. In section 7( 1) (visiting committees ), for the words " county
and town " there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands
and district " .
110. In section 14 (legalised police cells ), the following amendments
shall be made-
( a) in subsection (1), for the words " the police authority of
any county or burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" a police authority " ;
66
(b) in subsection ( 2) , for the words county or burgh " , in
both places where they occur, there shall be substituted the
words " region or islands area " ;
1950 с. 38.
1951 с. 63 .
1952 с. 61 .
2186 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1967 с. 77.
1953 с. 36.
1953 с. 47.
1953 с. 50.
1954 с. 30.
( c ) in subsection ( 5 ), for the words " county or burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " region or islands area " :
( d ) in subsection (6 ), for the words from " County of Orkney "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " islands area
of Orkney or of Shetland " ;
(e ) in subsection ( 7 ), for the words from " county " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands
council, except that where there is an amalgamation scheme
in force under the Police ( Scotland ) Act 1967 it means a
joint police committee ".
111. In section 16 ( discharge of prisoners), for the words " county
or burgh ", in both places where they occur, there shall be substituted
the words " district or islands area ".
The Post Office Act 1953
112. In section 51(5)(a ) (power of local authority to contribute
towards new post office, etc.), for the words from " or urban district "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " urban district, rural
district or parish and to the council thereof there shall be substituted
references to an islands area or a district and to the council thereof ;
and references to a contributory place and to a parish meeting shall
be omitted ; ".
The Emergency Laws ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1953
66
113. In section 5(6)( b) ( letting of land ), for the words a county,
town " there shall be substituted the words " an islands ".
The Auxiliary Forces Act 1953
114. In Schedule 1 (schemes for constitution of associations), for
paragraph 2 there shall be substituted the following paragraph-
" 2. A scheme for the constitution of an association shall
provide-
( a ) in the case where an association area coincides with a
region or where a region contains two or more associa-
tion areas, for the selection by the Defence Council
of the president and vice-presidents of the association
from the lord-lieutenants residing in the region or from
such other persons as the Defence Council may think
fit , or
( b ) in the case where an association area falls within two or
more regions, for the selection by the Defence Council
of the president and vice-presidents of the association
from the lord-lieutenants residing in those regions or
from such other persons as the Defence Council may
think fit. " .
The Protection of Birds Act 1954
115. In section 14(1)
"
( a ) in the definition of " administrative area for the words
"county or large burgh " there shall be substituted the
words " region, islands area or district " ;
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2187
( b) in the definition of " authorised person ", in paragraph (b), for the words " local authority " there shall be substituted
the words " islands or district council " ;
( c ) in the definition of " local authority ", for the words " county
council and a town" there shall be substituted the words
regional, islands or district ".66
The Slaughterhouses Act 1954
116. In section 16 (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words from " a county " onwards there shall
be substituted the words " an islands or district council ".
The Long Leases ( Scotland ) Act 1954
117. In section 4( 3) (refusal of grant of feu right on ground of
public interest), in the definition of " local authority ", for the words
" "
from county onwards there shall be substituted the words
"
regional, islands or district council ".
The Army Act 1955
118. In section 214(5) (application to Scotland ), for the words
66
county or town
"
there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district " .
The Air Force Act 1955
119. In section 212(5) (application to Scotland) for the words
"
county or town " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district " .
The Crofters (Scotland ) Act 1955
120. In section 37(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " crofting
counties after the word " the " there shall be inserted the word
" former"
The Food and Drugs (Scotland ) Act 1956
121. In section 20 (cleaning of shell-fish), at the end there shall
be added the following subsection-
" ( 5 ) In this section ' local authority ' means an islands or
district council. "
122. In section 21 (cold stores), at the end there shall be added
the following subsection-
“( 2 ) In this section ' local authority ' means an islands or
district council. "
123. In section 26 (administrative authorities), the following
amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsection (3), for the words " county councils, town
councils " there shall be substituted the words " regional
councils , islands councils, district councils " ;
( b ) for subsection ( 4 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 4) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973, in this Act
SCH. 27
1954 с. 42.
1954с. 49.
1955 с. 18.
1955 с. 19.
1955 с. 21 .
1956 с. 30.
2188 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1956 с. 49.
1956 с. 52.
1957 с. 48.
1909 с. 34.
1957 с. 59.
' local authority ' means a regional, islands or district
council. "
124. In section 27 (public analysts), at the end there shall be
added the following subsection-
" ( 7 ) In this section ' local authority ' means a regional or
islands council . "
125. In section 29(3) (analysis of samples), after the words " local
authority " there shall be inserted the words " who appointed the
analyst
126. In section 35( 2 ) (quarterly reports ) for the words " local
authority there shall be substituted the words
islands council " . " 6 "
regional and
The Agriculture (Safety, Health and Welfare Provisions ) Act 1956
127. In section 25( 10 ) (application to Scotland ), in the definition of
" local authority ", for the words " county or town " there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district ".
The Clean Air Act 1956
128. In section 34(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words a county or town council " there shall
be substituted the words an islands or district council ".
The Electricity Act 1957
129. In section 34(10) (public inquiries), at the end there shall be
added the following words " and ' planning authority ' means the
regional, general or district planning authority within the meaning
of Part IX of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
130. In Schedule 2 (supplementary provisions as to public
inquiries), in paragraph 1( a), for the words from second " in " to
" not " there shall be substituted the words " which is not within
the area of a planning authority who have " .
131. In Schedule 4 (amendment of enactments), in the item relating
to the Electric Lighting Act 1909, for the words from " and with
onwards there shall be substituted the words " the provisions of the
said section 2 shall apply to the Scottish Electricity Boards as they
apply to the Generating Board with the following modifications-
(a ) ' local authority ' means both the regional and district
council, or, as the case may be, the islands council
concerned ;
(b) for the references to the local planning authority there shall
be substituted references to both the regional and district
planning authority, or, as the case may be, the general
planning authority ( all within the meaning of Part IX of
the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 ) . ”
The Coal- Mining ( Subsidence) Act 1957
132. In section 1( 3)(i ) (duty of National Coal Board in respect of
damage), for the words " county or town " there shall be substituted
the words " regional or islands " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 65
2189
The Land Drainage (Scotland ) Act 1958 SCH. 27
133. In Schedule 1 (procedure for making improvement orders), in 1958 c. 24
paragraph 1 , in the definition of " local authority ", for the words
“
county, town " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands
The Disabled Persons (Employment) Act 1958
134. In section 3 ( provision of sheltered employment), the follow-
ing amendments shall be made-
(a ) in subsection (1), for the words " Minister of Labour and
National Service " there shall be substituted the words
Secretary of State " ;66
( b ) in subsection (3), for the words from " in accordance "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " subject to the
approval of the Secretary of State " ;
( c ) subsection ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( d ) in subsection (5), for the words from " county or of a large
burgh " onwards there shall be substituted the words
region or islands area ".6 "
135. The Schedule shall cease to have effect .
1958 с. 33.
The Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act 1958
136. In section 10( 2) ( committal of child to local authority ), for
the words " county or large burgh " there shall be substituted the
words " region or islands area " .
137. In section 12 ( 2 ) (supervision of child by local authority), for
the words " county or large burgh " there shall be substituted the
words " region or islands area " .
138. In section 15 (interpretation ), the words from " and the
expression " onwards shall cease to have effect .
The Trading Representations (Disabled Persons) Act 1958
139. In section 1( 5 ) ( sellers of goods for blind persons, etc.), for
the words " county or town " there shall be substituted the words
regional, islands or district " .
1958 с. 40.
1958 с. 49.
The Children Act 1958
140. In section 17 (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority ", for the words " county or large burgh " there shall be
substituted the words " region or islands area " .
1958 с. 65.
The Opencast Coal Act 1958
141. In section 52(2) (application to Scotland ), after the definition
of " land " there shall be inserted the following definition-
"" local authority ' has the meaning assigned to it by section
235 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 ; " .
1958 с. 69 .
The Adoption Act 1958
1958 с. 5.
142. In section 28(1) ( local authorities for the purposes of the (7 & 8 Eliz. 2.)
Act ), for the words from " counties and large burghs " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " regions and islands areas. ".
2190 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1959 с. 40.
1960 с. 34.
1960 с. 67.
1960 с. 68
1947 с. 43.
1961 с. 40.
1963 с. 31 .
1961 с. 41 .
1968 с. 47.
The Deer ( Scotland ) Act 1959
143. In paragraph 11 of Schedule 2 ( control schemes), for the
words from " subsections "
to " 1947 " there shall be substituted the
words " subsections (2) to (8) of section 210 of the Local Govern-
ment ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ", and for the word " 355 " , " , where second
occurring, there shall be substituted the word " 210 ".
The Radioactive Substances Act 1960
144. In section 20 ( application to Scotland ), in the definition of
" local authority," for the words " a county or town council " there
shall be substituted the words " the regional, islands or district
council ".
The Public Bodies ( Admission to Meetings) Act 1960
145. In the Schedule ( bodies to which Act applies), in paragraph
2 ( c ), for the words from " 108 " onwards there shall be substituted
the words " 124 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ".
The Noise Abatement Act 1960
146. In section 1( 5 )( a ) (noise or vibration nuisance ), for the words
66
a county or town council " there shall be substituted the words
" the islands or district council ".
147. In section 2(5)( b) (restriction of operation on highways etc. of
loudspeakers), for the words " a county council, town council " there
shall be substituted the words " the islands ".
148. In section 4 (saving for byelaws ), for the words " subsection
( 5 ) of section 300 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 "
there shall be substituted the words " section 201(3) of the Local
Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 " .
The Consumer Protection Act 1961
149. In section 6( 3)(b), the words from " but as if " onwards shall
cease to have effect .
150. In paragraph 7 of the Schedule ( provision as to inspection,
testing and enforcement by local authorities), for the words follow-
ing " Scotland means "
there shall be substituted the words " the
local weights and measures authority as defined in section 36 of
the Weights and Measures Act 1963 ".
The Flood Prevention ( Scotland ) Act 1961
151. In section 15(1) (interpretation), the following amendments
shall be made: -
" "
( a ) for the definitions of " local authority " and area there
shall be substituted the following definition : -
" local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 1( 2) of this Act ; '
( b ) for the definition of " "
sewer there shall be substituted the
following definition : -
" sewer " has the same meaning as in section 59 of the
Sewerage ( Scotland ) Act 1968 ; '
( c ) in the definition of " water main ", for the words from " and
"1949 " onwards there shall be substituted the words to
1967 ".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 65
2191
The Building Societies Act 1962 SCH. 27
152. In Schedule 5 ( permitted classes of prior charges ) in para- 1962 c. 37.
graph 1 (2)(b) , for the words from " county " onwards there shall
be substituted the words " regional, islands or district council ".
The Local Government (Development and Finance) (Scotland )
Act 1964
1964 с. 67.
153. In section 4 the following amendments shall be made-
(a ) for the words " a local authority " or " the local authority ",
in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted
66
respectively the words an islands or district council or
"
" the islands or district council " ;
( b) in subsection ( 1)( a), for the word " them " there shall be
66
substituted the words any local authority or general,
regional or district planning authority within the meaning
of Part IX of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " ;
( c ) in subsection (1)( b), for the word " them " there shall be
substituted the words " the islands or district council ".
154. In section 6( 1) ( contributions to voluntary organisations), at
the end there shall be added the following words- " and includes a
community council within the meaning of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 ".
155. In section 16( 1) (interpretation ) , in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words from " town " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council " .
The Airports Authority Act 1965
1965 с. 16.
156. In section 12( 2) ( road traffic ), for the words
66 or local
authority (including the Greater London Council) " there shall be
substituted the words " as defined in section 50(1) of the Roads 1970 c. 20.
( Scotland ) Act 1970 " .
157. In section 23( 1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority ", for the words " county or town " there shall be substi-
tuted the words " regional, islands or district ".
The Gas Act 1965
158. In section 28(1) (interpretation ), the following amendments
shall be made:-
( a ) in the definition of " local authority " , for the words " town
or county " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district " ;
(b ) in the definition of " local water authority ", for the words
from " has " onwards there shall be substituted the words
" means a water authority within the meaning of section
148 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
159. In Schedule 6 ( power to enter on land ), in paragraph 11, in
the definition of " sewerage authority ", for the words from " the
council " onwards there shall be substituted the words " a regional
or islands council ".
1965 с. 36.
2192 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1965 с. 46.
1966 с. 20.
1966 с. 30.
1966 с. 51 .
1967 с. 10.
1967 с. 24.
1967 с. 46.
1967 с. 69.
The Highlands and Islands Development (Scotland ) Act 1965
160. In section 1 (2) ( establishment of Board), after the words " be
the " there shall be inserted the word " former " .
161. In section 18( 1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words from " county " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council within the
meaning of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Ministry of Social Security Act 1966
162. In Schedule 4, in paragraph 2 ( reception centres) in sub-
"
paragraph (2), for the words " large burghs there shall be
substituted the words " regions, islands areas ", and sub- paragraph
( 5 ) shall be omitted.
The Reserve Forces Act 1966
163. In section 20(1) (qualification for appointment as deputy
lieutenant ) , for the words from the beginning to the end of para-
graph (a) there shall be substituted the following words-
"A person may be appointed to be a deputy lieutenant for
an area if-
(a ) he has a place of residence in the area or within seven
miles from the boundary of the area ; and ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1966
164. In section 10( 4 ) (grants for reclamation of derelict land), for
the words from " a local " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " a regional, general or district planning authority within the
meaning of Part IX of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " .
165. In section 43(1)(b) (dog licences), for the words from " county
boroughs " onwards there shall be substituted the words " councils of
counties or county boroughs and to clerks of such councils there
shall be substituted respectively references to Scotland, to councils of
islands areas or districts and to the proper officer of such councils ".
The Forestry Act 1967
166. In section 40(2)(c)(ii ) ( compulsory purchase of land ), for the
words " county, town " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands ".
The Slaughter of Poultry Act 1967
167. In section 8 (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
66
authority " , for the words from a county council " onwards there
shall be substituted the words an islands or district council "."
The Protection of Birds Act 1967
168. In section 10 ( publicising of effect of Protection of Birds Acts),
for the words " county or large burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " region or islands area " .
The Civic Amenities Act 1967
169. In section 27(1 ) (interpretation of Part III ), at the end of the
definition of " local authority " there shall be added the words " and
in relation to Scotland means an islands or district council " .
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2193
1
170. In section 30(1) (general interpretation ), in the definition of
"
local authority ", for the words from county " onwards there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district council ".
SCH. 27
The Countryside (Scotland ) Act 1967
171. In section 57(1) ( byelaws), for the words " 301 to 303 " there
shall be substituted the words " 201 to 204 " and for the word
" 1947 " , in both places where it occurs, there shall be substituted the
word " 1973 ", and, in section 57(2) , for the words " the said section
301 " there shall be substituted the words " section 202 of the said
Act of 1973. "
172. In section 78(1) (interpretation ), the following amendments
shall be made-
( a ) in the definition of " local authority " , for the words from
" has " onwards there shall be substituted the words " means
a regional, islands or district council " ;
( b ) in the definition of " planning authority ", for the words
from " has " onwards there shall be substituted the words
66 means a general, regional or district planning authority
within the meaning of Part IX of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973. "
1967 с. 86.
The Capital Allowances Act 1968
1968 с. 3 .
173. In section 83 (4)( c) (exclusion of initial allowances), after the
word " 34( 1 ) " there shall be inserted the words or (2) ".66
The Trade Descriptions Act 1968
1968 с. 29.
174. Section 26 ( enforcing authorities) shall have effect as if-
( a ) in subsection (1), after the words measures authority
66 "
there were inserted the words "
as defined in section 36 of
the Weights and Measures Act 1963 ", and the words from 1963 c. 31.
and section 37 " to the end shall cease to have effect ;
( b) in subsection (3)(b) , for the words " subsection ( 2) to (9) of
section 355 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 " 1947 с. 43.
there were substituted the words " subsections (2) to ( 8) of
section 210 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Health Services and Public Health Act 1968
175. In section 65 (financial and other assistance to certain
voluntary organisations), in subsection (6)—
( a) in subsection (2A) -
(i ) for the words " council to which this subsection
applies " there shall be substituted the words " district
and islands council ",
( ii ) the last paragraph shall cease to have effect ,
(b) in subsection (2B) -
( i ) in paragraph (a), for the words from " in relation
to a county " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " the regional or islands council.",
(ii ) paragraph (b) shall cease to have effect .
1968 с. 46.
2194 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1968 с. 47.
176. In section 67 (power to purchase goods, etc. ), in subsection
( 2), there shall be inserted the following paragraph-
" (cc ) for the reference in paragraph (e ) thereof to local educa-
tion authorities there were substituted a reference to educa-
tion authorities. ".
177. For section 71( 3) (compensation for stopping employment to
prevent spread of disease in Scotland ), there shall be substituted the
following subsection :-
"( 3) In this section ' local authority ' means an islands or district
council. ".
178. In section 76 ( 2 ) ( grants in respect of functions relating to
66
imported food), for the words from " county " to 1947 ) " there
shall be substituted the words " islands councils, district councils " .
The Sewerage ( Scotland ) Act 1968
179. In section 3(3) (construction of sewers), for the words " 349 "
and " 1947 " there shall be substituted respectively the words " 192 "
and " 1973 " .
180. In section 7 (agreements between highway and local authori-
ties ) , the following amendments shall be made : -
"
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words a highway authority " and
the word " streets " there shall be substituted respectively
the words " the Secretary of State " and " trunk roads " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words " a highway authority " there
shall be substituted the words " the Secretary of State " ;
( c ) in subsection (3), for the words " A highway authority or
"
there shall be substituted the words " The Secretary of
State or a " ;
( d ) subsection ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect.
181. For section 18(3) (expenses of local authorities ), there shall be
substituted the following subsection : -
"(3) The expenses of a local authority under this Act shall be
met from the regional or general rate, as the case may be. " .
182. In section 59(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words " county council or a town " there shall
be substituted the words " regional or islands ", and at the appro-
priate place in alphabetical order there shall be inserted the following
definition-
" general rate ' and ' regional rate ' have the same meanings
as in section 108 of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act
1973 ; ".
1968 с. 49.
The Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968
183. In section 1, in subsection (2) ( local authorities for the
purposes of the Act), for the words from " county councils " onwards
there shall be substituted the words " regional and islands councils . ",
and subsections (3) and ( 6) shall cease to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2195
184. In section 2( 2) after paragraph ( b) there shall be inserted the following paragraph-
" (bb) the Disabled Persons ( Employment) Act 1958 ".
185. In section 36 ( appointment of reporter) -
( a ) in subsection (1), the words " in accordance with the provi-
sions of this section " shall cease to have effect ;
(b) for subsection ( 2) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (2) The qualifications of a reporter shall be such as
the Secretary of State may prescribe. " ; and
( c ) subsections ( 3) and ( 7 ) shall cease to have effect.
186. In section 94(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " pre-
scribed ", in paragraph (a ), for the words " section 3 ", there shall be
substituted the words " sections 3 and 36, ".
187. In Schedule 3 (children's panels ), the following amendments
shall be made-
( a ) in paragraph 3, after the words " consisting of ", there shall
be inserted the words-
" (i) in the case of the committee for the Strathclyde
region, four members nominated by the local authority
and six members nominated by the Secretary of State ;
(ii ) in any other case," ;
and the words after " Secretary of State " shall cease to
have effect ;
(b ) after paragraph 5, there shall be added the following para-
graph-
" 5A. The Children's Panel Advisory Committee shall
have power-
( a ) to appoint sub-committees ;
(b) to appoint to any such sub-committee persons
who are not members of the Children's Panel
Advisory Committee ; and
( c ) to refer all or any of the duties set out in para-
graph 5 above to any such sub-committee for
their advice ;
and the provisions of paragraph 8 below shall apply to
any persons appointed under sub-paragraph (b) above
as they apply to members of the Children's Panel
Advisory Committee." .
The Civil Aviation Act 1968
188. In section 3( 1) ( byelaws), for the words " local authority
"
there shall be substituted the words " regional or islands council ".
189. In section 14( 9) ( detention and sale of aircraft ), for the words
" local authority " there shall be substituted the words " regional
or islands council ".
SCH. 27
1973 с. 33.
1968 с. 61 .
2196 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 27
1968 с. 67.
1956 с. 30.
1969 с. 10.
1969 с. 48.
1969 с. 41 .
1970 с. 49.
1970 с. 40.
1961 с. 41 .
190. In section 28( 3) (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority " , for the words " county council " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council ".
The Medicines Act 1968
191. In section 109( 2) (enforcement in Scotland ), for paragraph (c)
there shall be substituted the following paragraphs-
" (c ) references to a food and drugs authority and to the area
of any such authority were references respectively to a
local authority as defined by section 26( 4) of the Food and
Drugs (Scotland ) Act 1956 and to the area of such an
authority ; and
( d ) references to any such council as is mentioned in section
108( 8) of this Act and to the area of any such council were
references respectively to a regional or islands council and
to a region or islands area. "
The Mines and Quarries (Tips) Act 1969
192. In section 11(3)( b) (local authority for purposes of Part II),
for the words from " the council " onwards there shall be substituted
the words " general, regional or district planning authority within
the meaning of Part IX of the Local Government (Scotland) Act
1973."
The Post Office Act 1969
193. In section 86, in the definition of "local authority " , in
66
paragraph (b) , for the words county council or a town there
shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district ".
The Development of Tourism Act 1969
194. In section 14( 2)(b) (restriction on grants and loans), for the
words " county council, town council " there shall be substituted the
words " regional, islands ".
The Local Authorities ( Goods and Services) Act 1970
195. In section 1( 4 ) (supply of goods and services), in the definition
of " local authority ", for the words from " has the meaning
"
onwards there shall be substituted the words " means a regional,
islands or district council or any joint board or combination of
those councils ".
196. In section 2( 2) (supplemental ), for the words from " 199 "
to " 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " 101 and 105 of the
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 " .
The Agriculture Act 1970
197. In section 26( b), for the word " County ", in both places
where it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " Islands Area ".
198. In section 67( 2) (enforcement of standards for fertilisers and
“
feedingstuffs) , for the words from town council " to " aforesaid "
there shall be substituted the words " regional and islands councils ".
199. For section 92(2)(b) (provision of flood warning systems), there
shall be substituted the following paragraph : -
" (b) " local authority " has the same meaning as in section 1(2 )
of the Flood Prevention ( Scotland ) Act 1961." .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2197
The Fire Precautions Act 1971 SCH. 27
200. In section 43 ( interpretation ), in subsection ( 1), in the defini- 1971 c. 40.
tion of " local authority ", in paragraph (b), for the words from " the
council " onwards there shall be substituted the words " except in
section 17, the islands or district council."
The Civil Aviation Act 1971
1971 с. 75.
201. In section 29(11), (regulation of noise and vibration ), in the
definition of " local authority ", for the words " county or town "
there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or district " .
The Island of Rockall Act 1972
1972 с. 2.
66
202. In section 1, for the words from " District " to Inver-
ness " there shall be substituted the words " Western Isles ".
The National Health Service (Scotland ) Act 1972
1972 с. 58.
203. In Schedule 6, in Part II, in paragraph 45, for the words from
66
a county council " onwards there shall be substituted the words
66
an islands or district council " .
The Gas Act 1972
1972 с. 60.
204. In section 39( 3) (application of Pipe- Lines Act 1962), in the
definition of " local authority ", in paragraph (b), for the words
" town or county " there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district ".
The Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1972
1972 с. 62.
205. In section 4( 2) (authority to be informed about milk tests) ,
for the words from " county council " to " situated " there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council in Scotland ".
206. In section 7( 3) (enforcement of Slaughter of Animals (Scot-
land ) Acts), for the words " local authority ", where first occurring,
there shall be substituted the words " islands and district council ",
and for the word " district " there shall be substituted the word
66 area ".
The Independent Broadcasting Authority Act 1973
207. In section 11(6)(b), for the words from " council " to " small
burgh " there shall be substituted the words " regional, islands or
district council ".
1973 с. 19.
The Employment Agencies Act 1973
208. In section 13( 1) ( interpretation), the following amendments
shall be made-
( a) in the definition of " licensing authority ", in paragraph (f ) ,
for the words from " a large burgh " onwards there shall be
substituted the words 66
an islands area, the council of that
islands area, and in any other case the council of the district
in which the premises are situated " ;
(b) in the definition of " local authority ", for the words from
Scotland " onwards there shall be substituted the words“
" Scotland, means a regional, islands or district council " .
1973 с. 35.
2198 SCH. 27
1973 с. 43.
1947 с. 43.
1973 с. 57.
1973 с. 60.
Section 229 .
1892 с. 55.
c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
The Hallmarking Act 1973
209. In section 20 ( local inquiries), in subsection ( 1)(b), for the
words " subsections ( 2) to ( 9) of section 355 of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1947 " there shall be substituted the words
" subsections ( 2) to ( 8) of section 210 of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Badgers Act 1973
210. In section 11 (interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority ", in paragraph (c), for the words " a county or a burgh
"
there shall be substituted the words an islands area or district " .66
The Breeding of Dogs Act 1973
211. In section 5( 2 ) ( interpretation ), in the definition of " local
authority ", for the words "the council of any county or burgh "
there shall be substituted the words " an islands or district council " .
SCHEDULE 28
AMENDMENTS OF BURGH POLICE (SCOTLAND) ACTS 1892 το 1911
PART I
THE BURGH POLICE (SCOTLAND) ACT 1892
1. In the provisions set out in the following table, for the word
" commissioners ", in each place where it occurs, there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council " .
Section 4(27)
Section 99
Sections 104 to 112
Section 114
Section 116
Section 120
Sections 122 and 123
Section 125
Section 127
Sections 144 and 145
Section 155
Section 175
Sections 243 and 244
Sections 254 to 256
Sections 273 and 274
Section 277
Section 285
Section 288
Sections 301 to 303
Section 306
Sections 308 and 309
Sections 311 to 314
Section 381( 1 ) and (29)
Sections 386 and 387
Section 392.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2199
2. In the provisions set out in the following table , for the word
"magistrate " or " magistrates ", in each place where either of them
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " islands or district
council".
Section 126
Sections 247 and 248
Section 250
Sections 270 to 272
Section 275
Section 300
Section 304
Section 383
Sections 395 to 397
Sections 399 and 400
Section 433
Section 449
In Schedule V, paragraphs ( 2), (3), (6), (9) and (23).
3. In the provisions set out in the following table, for the word
" commissioners ", in each place where it occurs, there shall be
substituted the words " local highway authority " .
Section4 (28 )
Section 129
Sections 131 and 132
Sections 134 and 135
Section 137
Section 139
Sections 140 to 142
Sections 149 to 152
Sections 156 to 160
Sections 162 to 164
Section 190
Section 228
4. In sections 210 to 213, and 233, 416 and 417, for the word
" commissioners ", in each place where it occurs, there shall be
substituted the words " regional or islands council " .
5. In the provisions set out in the following table, for the word
" commissioners ", in each place where it occurs, there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council, as the
case may be".
Section 165
Sections 325 to 332
Section 334
Section 339
Section 341
SCH. 28
2200 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 28 Section 365
Sections 367 to 369
Section 372
Section 374
6. In section 4, the following amendments shall be made-
(a ) subsections ( 8) and (9) shall cease to have effect ;
(b ) after subsection (13) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (13A ) ' local highway authority ' shall mean the
regional or islands council : ",
( c ) after subsection ( 28) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" ( 28A ) ' proper officer ' and any reference to a
specified officer which is, under the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973, to be construed as such , shall have
the same meaning as in section 235( 3) of the said Act
of 1973 : ".
7. Section 15 shall cease to have effect.
8. In section 20, for the word " commissioners ", where it second
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " appropriate authority ".
9. In section 27(2), for the words " town council " there shall be
substituted the words " appropriate authority " .
10. Section 42 shall cease to have effect .
11. In section 55, for the word " commissioners " there shall be
substituted the words " appropriate authority ".
12. Sections 100 and 101 shall cease to have effect.
13. In section 105, for the words " their inspector of lighting, or
any other officer or servant " there shall be substituted the words
" the proper officer ", and for the words " inspector of lighting, or
any other officer or servant " there shall be substituted the words
proper officer "."
14. In section 115, for the words " sanitary inspector " there shall
be substituted the words " proper officer of the islands or district
council".
15. In section 117, for the words " sanitary inspector " , in both
places where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " proper
officer of the islands or district council ".
" "
16. In section 118, for the words from burgh surveyor to
" sanitary inspector " there shall be substituted the words " proper
officer of the islands or district council ", and for the words
“
surveyor, medical officer or inspectors ", in both places where they
occur, there shall be substituted the words " proper officer " .
17. In section 119, for the words " sanitary inspector " there shall
be substituted the words " proper officer of the islands or district
council".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2201
18. In section 120, for the words " inspector of cleansing or
sanitary inspector " there shall be substituted the words " proper
officer of the islands or district council ", and for the words " burgh
general assessment " there shall be substituted the words " general or
district rate ".
19. In section 121, for the words " inspector of cleansing or sanitary
inspector " there shall be substituted the words 66
proper officer of
the islands or district council ", and for the words " the inspector ",
where they second occur, there shall be substituted the words " such
officer ".
20. In section 123, for the words from " the chief" to " sanitary
inspector " , where they first occur, there shall be substituted the
words " their proper officer ", and for the words from " inspector of
cleansing " , where they second occur, to authorised by
66 there
shall be substituted the words " proper officer of " .
21. In section 126, for the words " sanitary inspector " there shall
be substituted the words " proper officer of the islands or district
council ", and for the word " magistrate " there shall be substituted
the words " such council " .
22. In section 128, the words from " of the Roads " to "
1891,
and " shall cease to have effect, and for the words " town council "
in both places where they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" local highway authority " .
23. In section 133, for the word " council " , in each place where
it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority " .
24. In section 134, for the word " council ", in each place where it
occurs , there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority " .
25. In section 138, for the word " council ", in both places where
it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority " .
26. In section 145, for the words " burgh general assessment "
there shall be substituted the words " general or district rate " .
27. In section 150, the words " the Dean of Guild Court or " shall
cease to have effect .
28. In section 151, for the word " treasurer " there shall be
substituted the words " local highway authority ".
29. In section 154, the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) for the word " commissioners ", where it first occurs, there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority " ,
(b) for the words " and they may also " there shall be substituted
the words " and the islands or district council may ",
( c ) for the word " commissioners ", where it occurs second and
third, there shall be substituted the words " islands or
district council ", and
SCH. 28
2202 c . 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 28 ( d ) for the word " commissioners ", where it last occurs, there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority and
the islands and district council " .
30. In section 168, for the word " council " there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council " .
31. In section 186, for the word " commissioners ", in both places
where it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " the local
highway authority, or, where appropriate, the islands or district
council".
32. Section 201 shall cease to have effect .
33. Section 207 shall cease to have effect.
34. In section 210, the words " of the clerk " shall cease to have
effect .
35. Section 223 shall cease to have effect.
36. In section 248, for the words " burgh surveyor " there shall be
substituted the words " proper officer of the islands or district
council ".
37. In section 250, the words " any of " and " or any one of them "
shall cease to have effect.
38. Section 257 shall cease to have effect.
39. In section 287, for the word " magistrates " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " islands or district council " .
40. Sections 296 and 297 shall cease to have effect .
41. In section 305, for the words " commissioners or magistrates "
there shall be substituted the words " islands or district council " .
42. In section 306, after the words " two thirds ", in both places
where they occur, there shall be inserted the words " of the members " .
43. In section 307, for the word " commissioners ", where it first
and second occurs, there shall be substituted the words " islands or
district council ", and for the words " the commissioners ", where
they last occur, there shall be substituted the words " any authority ".
44. Section 310 shall cease to have effect.
45. In section 312, for the word " officers " there shall be substi-
tuted the words " proper officer " .
46. In section 316, for the word " commissioners ", where it first
occurs , there shall be substituted the words " islands or district
council ", and in head A, in subsection ( 8) for the word " burgh ",
where it second occurs, there shall be substituted the word " district ",
and for the words from " magistrates " to " burgh ", where it last
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " council of that
district " .
47. In section 325, after the word " their ", in both places where it
occurs, there shall be inserted the word " proper " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2203
48. In section 330, for the words " burgh general assessment "
there shall be substituted the words " general or district rate ".
49. In section 339, the words " the clerk to " shall cease to have
effect, and for the word " him " there shall be substituted the word
" them ".
"
50. In section 341, the words from " and the commissioners to
" within the burgh " shall cease to have effect .
51. In section 365, for the words " town council " there shall be
substituted the words " regional, islands or district council, as the
case may be" .
52. In section 367, for the words " collector in any burgh " there
shall be substituted the words " proper officer of a regional, islands
or district council ".
53. In section 369, after the words " any two " there shall be
inserted the words " of the members ".
54. In section 372, for the words " the general expenses of the
town council. " there shall be substituted the words " their general
expenses ".
55. In section 381, in subsection (10), for the words " commis-
sioners or other lawful authority " there shall be substituted the
words " appropriate authority ", and in subsections ( 29) and ( 49),
for the word " commissioners " there shall be substituted the words
appropriate authority " .66
56. In section 385, for the word " magistrates " there shall be
substituted the words " local highway authority ", and for para-
graph ( 4) there shall be substituted the words " and the islands or
district council may from time to time make byelaws and issue
notices and orders prohibiting or regulating public processions. " .
57. Section 411 shall cease to have effect.
58. Section 428 shall cease to have effect.
59. Section 432 shall cease to have effect .
60. In Schedule V, in paragraph (2)( d ) , after the words
66 one of"
there shall be inserted the words " the members of".
SCH. 28
PART II
THE BURGH POLICE (SCOTLAND) ACT 1903
61. In sections 5 to 20, for the words " town council ", in each
place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " local
highway authority ".
62. In section 6, the words " of the town clerk or other public
office " shall cease to have effect, and after the words " town council, ",
where they first occur, there shall be inserted the words "
ortheir
proper officer, ".
1903 с. 33.
2204 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 28 63. In section 8, for the words " town clerk " there shall be substi-
tuted the words " proper officer of the local highway authority ",
for the words " such official as ", there shall be substituted the words
" the proper officer of ", and the words " may from time to time
appoint " shall cease to have effect .
64. In section 9,
( a ) the words from " to the dean " to " such court ",
( b ) the words from " or dean " to " may be " , and
( c ) the words from " and any deliverance " onwards,
shall cease to have effect.
65. In section 11, for the words " dean of guild court " there shall
be substituted the words " islands or district council, or, in the High-
land, Borders or Dumfries and Galloway region, the regional
council".
66. Section 13 shall cease to have effect.
"
67. In section 16, the words " dean of guild court or shall cease
to have effect.
68. In section 21, for the words " town council " there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council, or, in the High-
land, Borders or Dumfries and Galloway region, the regional
council".
69. In section 23, for the words " town council " there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council " .
70. In section 30, for the words " town council " there shall be
66
substituted the words planning authority within the meaning of
section 172 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
71. In section 31, for the words " burgh surveyor " in each place
where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " proper officer
of the islands or district council, or, in the Highland, Borders, or
Dumfries and Galloway region, the regional council ", and the
words from " and may further " onwards shall cease to have effect.
72. In section 35, for the words " burgh surveyor ", in both places
"
where they occur, there shall be substituted the words proper
officer of the regional or islands council ", and for the words from
" the dean ", where they first occur, to " of the matter " there shall be
substituted the words 66
regional or islands council who shall be
bound to dispose of the matter ".
73. Section 37 shall cease to have effect .
74. Section 39 shall cease to have effect .
75. In section 41 , the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) for the words " town council ", in each place where they
occur, there shall be substituted the words " local high-
way authority ",
(b) in subsection (1), in paragraph (a ), the words from " or the
dean " to " may be ", in paragraph (b), the words " the dean
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65 2205
of guild court " and in paragraph ( c ), the words from " or
the dean " to " may be " shall cease to have effect,
( c ) in subsection ( 2), the words " the dean of guild court " shall
cease to have effect,
( d ) in subsection ( 3), the words " dean of guild court, as
the case may be " shall cease to have effect, and
"
( e ) in subsection ( 4 ), the words from or where " to " it out "
shall cease to have effect.
76. Section 43 shall cease to have effect.
77. In section 44, for the words " town council " there shall be
substituted the words " islands or district council " .
78. Sections 56 and 57 shall cease to have effect.
79. In section 58, for the words " town council ", in both places
where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " regional,
islands or district council, as the case may be ".
80. In section 59, the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) for the word " burgh ", in each place where it occurs, there
shall be substituted the word " district ",
( b ) for the word " town ", where first occurring, there shall be
substituted the word " district ",
( c ) for the words from " county council ", where they first occur,
to " county or " there shall be substituted the words
" council of the ",
( d ) for the word " magistrates " there shall be substituted the
word " district council ", and
( e ) for the words " county council or town council " where they
second occur, there shall be substituted the words " other
district council concerned".
81. In section 61, the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) in subsections ( 2) and ( 4), for the words " town council "
there shall be substituted the words " local highway
authority ",
( b) in subsection ( 6 ), for the words " council of aburgh " there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority
"
and for the words " such burgh " there shall be substituted
the words " the area of such authority ".
82. In sections 64, 67, 68, 79, 80 and 82, for the words " town
council " in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted
the words " islands or district council ".
83. In the said section 79, in subsection (2), after the words
" constable or " there shall be inserted the word " proper".
84. In section 81, for the word " magistrates " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " islands or district council : ".
85. In section 93 the following amendments shall be made-
( a ) for the words " town council ", where they first occur, there
shall be substituted the words " local highway authority ",
Part III
Q
SCH. 28
2206 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 28 (b ) there shall be inserted after paragraph (11) the following
unnumbered paragraph-
" The islands or district council may, from time to
time, make byelaws and repeal, alter or amend any
byelaws so made, for the protection of trees, shrubbery
or ornamental or pleasure grounds in or adjacent to
streets. ",
( c ) paragraph (12) shall cease to have effect, and
( d ) for the words " the town council ", where they last occur,
66
there shall be substituted the words " a competent
authority ".
86. Section 97 shall cease to have effect.
87. In section 98, the following amendments shall be made-
(a ) in subsection (2), for the words " town council ", where they
first occur, there shall be substituted the words " appropriate
regional, islands or district council exercising functions in
any such burgh ", and for the words " a town council
"
there shall be substituted the words " any such appropriate
council",
( b) in subsection ( 3), for the words " town council " there shall
be substituted the words " appropriate council ", and the
proviso shall cease to have effect,
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ), for the words
shall be substituted the words
and the words " Hollow squares
66 a town council " there
“
an appropriate council " ,
, "
shall cease to have
effect, and
( d ) subsection (8) shall cease to have effect.
88. Section 99 shall cease to have effect.
89. Section 101 shall cease to have effect .
90. In section 103, the following amendments shall be made-
66
( a ) in paragraph (5), for the words from or local " to com-
missioners " there shall be substituted the words " Act or
local enactment by the local highway authority ", and for
the words " town council " , where they second and third
occur, there shall be substituted the words " said authority ",
( b ) in paragraph ( 9), for the words " dean of guild court or town
council " there shall be substituted the words " local high-
way authority ",
(c ) in paragraph (12),
( i ) the word " Guild " shall cease to have effect,
(ii ) in sub-paragraph ( 1 ), for the words " town council
"
there shall be substituted the words 66
regional, islands
or district council, as the case may be ", and the words
" dean of guild court" shall cease to have effect,
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2207
(iii ) in sub-paragraph (m), for the words from " dean " ,
where it first occurs, to " burgh surveyor " there shall be
substituted the words " local highway authority or their
proper officer ".
91. In section 104( 2), the following amendments shall be made-
66
(a ) in paragraph (g ), for the words town council " there shall
be substituted the words " local highway authority ", and
( b ) for the words from " town council " , where they second
occur, to " guild court) " there shall be substituted the words
" regional, islands or district council, as the case may be ",
and
( c ) for the words 66
town council ", where they last occur, there
shall be substituted the words " any such council " .
SCH. 28
PART III
THE BURGH POLICE ( SCOTLAND) AMENDMENT ACT 1911
1911 с. 51
92. In section 1 ,
( a ) in subsection ( 4 ), the words from " and, where " onwards
shall cease to have effect,
(b) in subsection (5),
( i ) for the word " county ", where it first and second
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " islands
area or district ",
66 "
(ii ) for the words county council there shall be
substituted the word " sheriff " .
66
(c ) in subsection (6), the words or under section seventy six of
the Licensing ( Scotland ) Act 1903 " shall cease to have 1903 c. 25.
effect.
93. In section 2,
( a ) for the words from " magistrates " to " of a county " there
shall be substituted the words " members of the council
of an islands area or district council ",
(b ) for the words " burgh or the county " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " area of the said council " .
94. In section 3, for the words 66
a town council " there shall be
substituted the words " an islands or district council ".
Part III Q2
2208 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCHEDULE 29
REPEALS
Section 237.
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
3Geo. 4. c. 33. The Riotous Assemblies
( Scotland ) Act 1822.
6Geo. 4. c. 22. The Jurors (Scotland ) Act 1825.
In section 10, the words from
66 or the Clerk of Supply " to
" city or burgh ", where they
occur second.
Sections 11 to 14.
In section 1, the words " in any
county".
Sections 5 and 6.
Section 27.
1 & 2 Vict. The Sheriff Courts (Scot-
с. 119. land ) Act 1838.
16 & 17 Vict. The Burgh Harbours The whole Act.
с. 93.
( Scotland) Act 1853.
17 & 18 Vict.
The Lands Valuation
с. 91 .
( Scotland ) Act 1854.
25 & 26 Vict. The General Pier and
с . 19. Harbour Act 1861 ,
Amendment Act 1862.
Section 39.
Section 41 .
In Part I of Schedule ( B), in
paragraph ( 3), the words
" city, town or ", where first
occurring, and the words
from " or if there be none "
onwards.
25 & 26 Vict.
The Highland Roads and The whole Act.
c. 105. Bridges Act 1862.
29 & 30 Vict. The Cattle-sheds in The whole Act.
c. 17. Burghs Act 1866.
30 & 31 Vict. The Valuation of Lands Section 5.
c. 80. ( Scotland ) Amendment
Act 1867.
38 & 39 Vict. The Explosives Act 1875
Section 109(1) .
c. 17. In section 110.2, the words
" for a borough ".
Section 110.3 .
Section 111 (c).
Section 112.
41 & 42 Vict. The Public Parks (Scot- In section 2, the words from
c . 8. land ) Act 1878.
" and" onwards.
In section 21 , the words " burgh
or ", in both places where
they occur, and the words
"magistrates and town
councils or other ", in both
places where they occur.
In section 27, the definition of
burgh ".
The whole Act.
42 & 43 Vict. The Convention of Royal
с. 27. Burghs (Scotland ) Act
1879.
45 & 46 Vict. The Militia Act 1882.
c . 49.
50 & 51 Vict. The Criminal Procedure
( Scotland ) Act 1887.
с. 35. Sections 29, 48 and 52.
In section 47, the words from
" but in all cases " onwards .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2209
Chapter
50 & 51 Vict.
с.42.
Short Title
The Public Libraries Con-
solidation (Scotland )Act
1887.
Extent of Repeal
Sections 4, 5 and 6.
Section 14.
Sections 17 to 20.
In section 21, the first and
second paragraphs and in the
seventh paragraph the words
may not be a householder,66
and".
In section 22, the words between
" Scotland " and " and shall" .
Section 23 .
Sections 25 to 27.
In section 28, the words " clerk
or other".
Sections 29 and 30.
Schedules (A) and ( B) .
Section 2.
SCH. 29
50 & 51 Vict. The Valuation of Lands
с. 51. ( Scotland ) Amendment
Act 1887.
52 & 53 Vict. The Local Government
c . 50. ( Scotland ) Act 1889.
In section 11, subsections (1),
( 3 ) and (5 ) .
Section 14.
Section 16.
Sections 39 to 42.
Section 58.
Section 67.
The whole Act.
54 & 55 Vict. The Roads and Streets in
с . 32.
Police Burghs (Scotland)
Act 1891 .
55 & 56 Vict. The Roads and Bridges Section 5.
с. 12. ( Scotland ) Amendment
Act 1892.
55 & 56 Vict. The Allotments (Scot-
In section 2(1), the words " of
c . 54 .
land) Act 1892.
any burgh or parish ", in both
places where they occur.
In section 15, the words " in
the burgh or parish ".
In section 16 , the definitions of
burgh" , " county ",
county elector ", " district "“
and " district committee ".
55 & 56 Vict. The Burgh Police ( Scot- Section 4 ( 8) and ( 9) .
c. 55. land) Act 1892. Section 15.
Section 42.
Sections 100 and 101.
In section 128, the words " of
the Roads and Streets in
Police Burghs ( Scotland ) Act,
1891 , and ".
In section 150, the words " the
Dean of Guild Court or".
Section 201 .
Section 207 .
In section 210, the words " of
the clerk ".
Section 223 .
In section 250, the words " any
66
of " and or any one of
them ".
Part III 3
2210 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter
Short title
Extent of Repeal
55 & 56 Vict.
c. 55 -cont.
The Burgh Police (Scot-
land ) Act 1892-cont.
Section 257.
Section 296 and 297.
Section 310.
In section 339, the words " the
clerk to " .
In section 341 the words from
" and the commissioners "
to " within the burgh ".
Section 411 .
Section 428 .
Section 432.
57 & 58 Vict. The Public
Libraries The whole Act.
c. 20.
( Scotland) Act 1894.
57 & 58 Vict. The Valuation of Lands Section 4.
c. 36. ( Scotland ) Acts Amend-
ment Act 1894.
57 & 58 Vict. The Local Government
c. 58. ( Scotland ) Act 1894.
Sections 3 to 25 .
Sections 42 to 48 .
In section 54, the definitions
of " police burgh "
" Public
,
Health Acts ", "Education
Acts " and " burghs " .
Section 668( 1)(c) .
57 & 58 Vict.
The Merchant Shipping
c. 60.
Act 1894.
58 & 59 Vict. The Convention of Royal The whole Act.
с. 6. Burghs (Scotland) Act
1879, Amendment Act
1895.
59 & 60 Vict. The Orkney and Zetland The whole Act.
с. 32. Small Piers and Har-
bours Act 1896.
60 & 61 Vict. The Public Health ( Scot- In section 3, the definitions of
c. 38. 66 sanitary inspector",
land) Act 1897 .
"clerk", "parish", "burgh",
" "
county and " district
committee".
Section 15.
In section 18, the words
" magistrate or
and the
word " magistrate ", in each
place where it occurs.
In section 19, the words " of
the county or burgh " .
In section 22, the words
" magistrate or ", in each
place where they occur, and
the words "
or on a represen-
tation by a parish council ",
" to the collector of the
churchyard or other dues, or
"
and the word " other " where
it second occurs.
In sections 23, 25 to 27, 47, 52,
54, 55, 69, 154, 155 and
177, the word " magistrate
"
and the word " magistrates
"in each place where either of
them occurs.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2211
SCH. 29
Chapter
60 & 61 Vict.
c. 38 -cont.
Short title
The Public Health (Scot-
land ) Act 1897-cont.
60 & 61 Vict. The Congested Districts
c. 53. ( Scotland ) Act 1897.
62 & 63 Vict. The Public Libraries
c. 5. ( Scotland ) Act 1899.
62 & 63 Vict. The Electric Lighting
c. 19.
( Clauses) Act 1899.
63 & 64 Vict.
c.49.
3 Edw . 7. c. 33.
The Town Councils (Scot-
land ) Act 1900.
The Burgh Police (Scot-
land ) Act 1903.
Part III
Extent of Repeal
Section 28.
66
In section 31 , the words or of
their sanitary inspector ".
In section 32( 2), the words from
66 but, in the case " onwards.
In section 36(1), the words " or
from a representation by a
parish council " .
In section 37, in subsection (1) ,
"
the words from by the
" 66
county to any district ",
and the words " such county
council or " , and in subsection
( 2 ), the words from " and for
the purpose " onwards.
In section 39, in the first para-
graph, the words " within such
special scavenging district ".
In section 42, the words " in any
special scavenging district " in
both places where they occur.
In section 94, the words from
" but in the case " onwards .
Section 118.
Section 121 .
In section 146 , in subsection (1 ),
the words or for a parish
council ", and " of the
county ", and in subsection
"
( 2 ), the words or for any
parish council " .
In section 157, the words
"magistrate or". 66
In section 158, the words or
magistrates " .
In section 162, the words
magistrate or ", where they
first occur, and the word
66 magistrate " , where it second
occurs.
Section 191 .
Section 192.
In section 10, the words " and
" crofting parish " " .
The whole Act.
In the Schedule, in section 1 ,
"
the definition of county
council".
The whole Act.
In section 6, the words " of the
town clerk or other public
office".
66
In section 8, the words may
from time to time appoint ".
Q4
2212 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 29
Chapter
Short title
Extent of Repeal
3. Edw. 7. c. 33
-cont.
The Burgh Police ( Scot-
land ) Act 1903 -cont.
In section 9,
( a ) the words from " to the
dean" to " such court ",
( b )thewords from " or dean "
to " may be ", and
( c ) the words from " and any
deliverance " onwards.
Section 13.
In section 16, the words " dean
of guild court or " .
In section 31, the words from
" and may further " onwards .
Section 37.
Section 39.
In section 41, in subsection (1 ),
in paragraph (a ), the words
from " or the dean " to " may
be", in paragraph ( b) the
words " the dean of guild
court", and in paragraph (c ) ,
thewords from" or the dean "
to " may be " ; in subsection
( 2 ), the words " the dean of
guild court " ; in subsection
( 3 ), the words " dean of guild
court, as the case may be ";
and in subsection ( 4 ) the
66
words from or where " to
" it out".
Section 43.
Section 56.
Section 57.
In section 93, paragraph (12).
Section 97.
In section 98, in subsection
( 2 ), the words from " inti-
mated " to " Scotland and ",
in subsection ( 3) , the proviso,
in subsection ( 4 ), the words
"" Hollow squares " , and
subsection (8).
Section 99.
Section 101 .
In section 103(12 ), the word
" Guild" and in sub-para-
graph (1) the words " dean of
guild court".
8Edw. 7. c. 62. The Local Government | Sections 3 to 5.
( Scotland) Act 1908 . Sections 10 and 11 .
Section 13 .
Section 15.
Sections 19 to 22.
Sections 26 to 28.
9Edw. 7. c. 30. The Cinematograph Act Sections 5 and 8( 3) and ( 4) .
1909.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
2213
SCH. 29
Chapter
Short title
Extent of Repeal
9Edw. 7. c. 47.
The Development and
Road Improvement
Funds Act 1909.
1 &2Geo. 5. The Burgh Police ( Scot-
с. 51 . land ) Amendment Act
1911.
In section 16, the words from
" References to a county
"
to " respective powers and
duties".
In section 1, in subsection ( 4 ) ,
the words from " and, where "
onwards, and, in subsection
( 6 ), the words " or under
section seventy six of the
Licensing ( Scotland ) Act,
1903, " .
The whole Act.
1 & 2 Geo. 5. The House Letting and
c. 53. Rating (Scotland) Act
1911.
3 & 4 Geo. 5. The Ancient Monuments
с. 32. Consolidation and
Amendment Act 1913.
4 & 5 Geo. 5. The Milk and Dairies
с.46 . ( Scotland ) Act 1914.
In section 23( 2), the words from
" references to a borough "
to " county council and ".
In section 28, the words " sub-
ject to the consent of the
Board".
The whole Act.
5 & 6 Geo. 5. The Street Collections
c. 88. Regulation (Scotland)
Act 1915.
9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Land Settlement
c. 97. ( Scotland ) Act 1919.
9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Electricity (Supply )
c. 100 . Act 1919.
Section 18(1) .
In section 24, the definition of
" parish council ".
In section 21, the words
" (including
a
county
council) ".
The whole Act.
10&11 Geo. 5. The House Letting and
c.8.
Rating (Scotland) Act
1920.
10& 11 Geo. 5. The Public Libraries The whole Act.
с. 45.
( Scotland ) Act 1920.
12 & 13 Geo. 5. TheAllotments (Scotland ) Section 16.
c. 52. Act 1922.
15 & 16 Geo. 5. The Church of Scotland
с . 33. ( Property and Endow-
ments) Act 1925.
15 &16Geo. 5. The Performing Animals
c. 38.
( Regulation) Act 1925.
In section 22(4), the words
" continue to ".
In section 32, subsection (3),
and in subsection ( 4 ), the
words " or other local autho-
rity " in each place where
they occur.
In section 1 , in subsection (5),
"
the words on payment of
the prescribed fee ", in both
places where they occur and
in subsection (7 ) , the words
" subject to payment of the
prescribed fee".
In section 5( 3), the words from
" and the fee " onwards.
In section 6(a ) , the words from
" and any expenses "
on-
wards.
2214 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter Short title Extent of Repeal
15 & 16Geo. 5. The Roads Improvement In section 5, in the proviso,
c. 68. Act 1925.
paragraph (a ).
In section 7, the words
" between any of them respec-
tively ".
Section 8 .
The whole Act.
15 & 16Geo. 5. The Roads and Streets in
c . 82. Police Burghs ( Scotland )
Act 1925.
16& 17Geo. 5. The Electricity (Supply)
с. 51. Act 1926.
18 & 19 Geo. 5. с. 19. The Agricultural Produce
( Grading and Marking)
Act 1928.
18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 29. The Slaughter of Animals
( Scotland ) Act 1928.
19 &20Geo. 5. The Local Government
с. 25. ( Scotland ) Act 1929.
In Schedule 6, the item relating
to section 21 of the Electricity
(Supply) Act 1919.
In section 4, in subsections (1),
(2)(bb) and (2)(c), the words
or county borough ".
In section 5, the words
66or
county borough ", in each
place where they occur, the
words " in the case of a
county council " , the words
from " and in the case" to
66
borough rate " and the
words "andcountyboroughs" .
In section 2( 5), the words " not
exceeding five shillings " and
the words " not exceeding
one shilling " .
In section 7(a), the words
" and ' local authority '".
Sections 1 to 3.
Sections 5 and 6.
Sections 10 and 11 .
Section 18 .
Section 24.
Section 26.
Section 34.
Section 41.
Section 49( 3) and ( 4 ).
Sections 50 to 52.
Section 76.
In section 77, subsection (1)
other than the definitions of
" Agricultural Lands and
Heritages", " Industrial Lands
and Heritages ", " Freight
Transport Lands and Heri-
tages" , " Industrial Pur-
poses " and " Freight Trans-
port Purposes", "Functions ",
"Rate", "Rating Authority"
and " Water Rate " ; and
subsections (2) and ( 3) and
( 5 ) to (8) .
Section 79.
Schedules 1 , 2 and 5.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2215
SCH. 29
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
19 &20Geo. 5. The Bridges Act 1929.
Section 3 .
c. 33.
In section 7( 3), the words
from " and any question "
onwards.
Section 10(1 ) and (2 ).
20 &21 Geo. 5. The Road Traffic Act In section 53, in subsection
с. 43. 1930. ( 2 )( b), the words from " but a
right " onwards, and in sub-
section (6 ) , the words " sub-
ject to the approval of the
Minister ".
In section 56, subsection (2)
and in subsection ( 3), the
words from " or if " onwards .
The whole Act.
21 &22Geo. 5. The Local Authorities
c. 17.
( Publicity ) Act 1931 .
23 &24 Geo. 5. The Church of Scotland In section 2( 2), the words from
с.44 .
( Property and Endow-" or, in the case" onwards.
ments) Amendment Act
1933.
24&25 Geo. 5. The Road Traffic Act Section 23 .
c. 50. 1934.
25 & 26Geo. 5. The Restriction ofRibbon
с. 47. Development Act 1935.
26 Geo. 5. &
The Health Resorts and
In section 17( 2), the words from
" measured" to " State ".
The whole Act.
1 Edw. 8 .
Watering Places Act
с. 48.
1936.
1 Edw. 8 &
The Trunk Roads Act
1 Geo. 6.
1936.
c. 5.
1 Edw. 8 & The Harbours, Piers and
1 Geo. 6. Ferries (Scotland) Act
c . 28. 1937.
1 Edw. 8 &
1 Geo. 6.
c. 37.
The Children and Young
Persons (Scotland) Act
1937.
In section 3( 2), in paragraph
( b ), the words from " shall
not " to " aforesaid " and, in
paragraph (c ), the words
" shall not be exercisable by
a county council in any
borough or urban district
and ".
In section 12, in the proviso to
subsection (2)(a), the words
" subsection ( 2) of section 3
and ", and, in subsection ( 9),
the proviso.
In section 1( 1), the words from
" authorised " onwards.
Section 2 (2) .
In section 10 (5), the words from
" and if" onwards .
Section 17.
Section 23 .
In section 31(1), the definition
of " ferry " .
In section 110, in subsection (1),
the definition of " Large
"
burgh and subsections ( 2 )
and ( 3) ( b).
2216 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter
ShortTitle
Extent of Repeal
1 Edw. 8. &
1 Geo. 6.
с.46.
The Physical Training and
Recreation Act 1937.
In section 3(1)( a) and (b), the
words " local authority or ".
In section 10, in subsection ( 2 ),
the words from " and for
onwards, and subsection (9).
1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Air-Raid Precautions In section 13, in subsection ( 4 )
с. 6. Act 1937 . the words from " and, as
regards " to the end and sub-
sections (9), (10) and ( 12) .
2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Civil Defence Act In section 91, subsection (2)(d)
с . 31. 1939.
( e) and ( f) , in subsection (3)
the definitions of " large
burgh " and " small burgh "
and subsections (15 ), (18),
(19), (25) and ( 31).
2& 3 Geo. 6. The House to House
Collections Act 1939.
Section 7.
с . 44 .
Section 10(e) .
In section 11(1), the definitions
of police area ", " police"
authority " and " chief officer
of police " .
Section 12( h).
3 & 4 Geo. 6.
с . 31.
9& 10 Geo. 6.
с. 15.
The War Charities Act
1940 .
The Public Health ( Scot-
land ) Act 1945.
In section 1( 8) the definitions
of " county ", " large burgh "
9 & 10 Geo. 6. and " small burgh ".
The Water (Scotland ) Act Section 3.
c. 42 . 1946.
In section 9, the words from
" and the Secretary " on-
wards.
In section 12(3), the words
" against an authority " and
" to the authority " .
Section 18( 2).
In section 24(1 ) , the proviso.
Insection 29( 2 ), in the proviso,
the words from " and any
onwards.
In section 53, in subsection (1),
the words from " in accord-
" "
ance to may make ", and
subsection (4).
In section 84(1) the definition
of" county
In Schedule 4, in paragraph 19,
the words from " Any dis-
pute " onwards, and in para-
graph 24( 2), the words from
oras" onwards.66
The whole Act.
9&10Geo. 6. The Association of
c . 77. County Councils (Scot-
land ) Act 1946.
10&11 Geo. 6. The Civic Restaurants
с . 22. Act1947.
In section 1, in subsection (1),
paragraph (i ) of the proviso,
subsection (2) and, in sub-
section (3) , the words from
" including " to powers".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65
2217
SCH. 29
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
10& 11 Geo. 6
c. 22 -cont.
The Civic Restaurants
Act 1947-cont.
Section 2.
In section 3, in subsection ( 5 ),
the words from " or where "
onwards, subsection ( 6 ) and,
in subsection ( 7 ), the words
66
from or a county " to
"
powers " , and the words
"
from " subject " to 1929".
10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Fire Services Act In section 36( 2), the words
с. 41. 1947.
between " Secretary of State "
and " for any reference to a
combination scheme ".
Schedule 4.
In Schedule 1, paragraph 9.
10&11 Geo. 6. The Acquisition of Land
с . 42 . ( Authorisation Pro-
cedure ) (Scotland ) Act
1947.
10&11 Geo. 6. The Local Government
c.43. ( Scotland ) Act 1947.
Sections 1 to 178.
In section 179, paragraphs ( 2),
( 4 ), ( 5 ) and (6 ).
Sections 180 to 186.
Sections 188 to 192.
Section 194.
Sections 196 to 215.
Sections 217 to 220.
In section 221, the words
corresponding to or as"
nearly as maybetotheyear".
In section 223, the proviso.
Sections 224 to 227.
In section 229, subsection (2) ;
and, in subsection (3), the
"
words or of the provisions
of any local Act " and the
words from " and the provi-
sions" to the end.
Section 230.
In section 231 , the words " and
save as otherwise provided in
any local Act " , the words
" the office of the collector of
the authority or at " and the
word " other ".
In section 232, in subsection (1),
in the proviso, paragraph (c ).
In section 234, the words from
" made up under " to the end.
In section 235(1), the words
from the beginning to
" 1911 ".
In section 237, subsection ( 2)(f) .
In section 238, subsection ( 4).
Section 239.
In sections 240 and 241 , the
words from the beginning to
" 1920".
2218 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 29 Chapter
10&11 Geo. 6.
c. 43 -cont.
Short title Extent of Repeal
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1947- In section 243, in subsection (1),
the words " in a local Act or".
cont. Sections 245 and 246.
In section 252, the words from
" whether such expenses
to
" county council " .
Sections 255 to 257.
In section 258, in subsection ( 1 ),
paragraph (e) and, in para-
graph (g) , the words from the
beginning to " town council " ;
and, in subsection ( 3), the
words from " and gives " to
the end.
In section 259, in subsection (1 ),
paragraph ( a) ; and sub-
sections (2) and (3) .
In section 260, in subsection (1),
in paragraph (e), the words
" in the case of a county
council or town council " ;
and subsection (2) .
In section 261, in subsection (1 ),
the words on or after the
sixteenth day of May nineteen
hundred and thirty and by a
district council after the com-
mencement of this Act " and
the words from " and all
money " to " pari passu ".
In section 262( 1), in paragraph
( b ) of the proviso, the words
“
from in order " to " re-
lates " and the words from
" in accordance " onwards .
In section 263 , in subsection ( 1),
the words or under a local
Act".
In section 264, subsection (4) .
In section 265, in subsection (5),
the words " with the sanction
of the Secretary of State " .
In section 266, in subsection ( 1),
the words from " and if it
appears " to the end; in sub-
section (3), the words " with
the consent of the Secretary
of State " ; and, in subsection
( 4 ), the words subject to
obtaining the consent of the
Secretary of State " and the
words with the like
consent ".
In section 268, in subsection ( 2),
the words from " Where the
treasurer " to the end.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2219
SCH. 29
Chapter
Short title
Extent of Repeal
10&11 Geo. 6.
c. 43 -cont.
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1947-
cont.
In section 269, in subsection (1 ) ,
in the proviso, paragraph (a) .
Section 270.
In section 271 , in subsection (1),
the words from " by a county
council " to " section " and
subsection (2) .
In section 274, the proviso.
In section 275, subsection (3).
In section 279, the words " with
consent of the Secretary of
State "; and, in the proviso,
in paragraph (i ), the words
from " shall require " to " fund
or " , and paragraph (ii) .
Sections 297 to 317.
Sections 319 to 376.
Schedules 1 to 5.
In Schedule 7, in Form (1 ), in
Note ( 1 ), the words " of the
burgh " ; in Note ( 2 ), the
word " district ";
and
Note (3).
Schedules 9 and 10.
10& 11 Geo. 6. The Town and Country
c. 53. Planning (Scotland) Act
1947.
In section 113( 1), the definitions
of " large burgh " and " small
burgh " .
In Schedule 8, the item relating
to the Electricity (Supply) Act
1919.
11 & 12Geo. 6. The Local Government Section 17.
Act 1948. с . 26. Sections 21 and 22 .
Section 24.
Sections 26 to 32.
Section 101 .
Part VI.
Sections 129 to 132.
Sections 134 and 135.
Section 138(2) .
In section 145, in subsection (2) ,
the definitions of "large
burgh " and " small burgh " .
11 & 12Geo. 6. The National Assistance In section 64(1), the definition
c . 29.
Act 1948.
of " large burgh ".
In section 65, paragraphs (a )
and (b) .
11 & 12Geo. 6.
с. 45.
11 & 12Geo. 6.
с. 46.
11 &12Geo. 6.
с. 65.
12, 13 & 14
Geo. 6. c. 5.
12&13 Geo. 6.
c. 31.
The Agriculture ( Scot-
land) Act 1948.
The Employment and
Training Act 1948.
The Representation of the
People Act 1948.
The Civil Defence Act
1948.
The Water ( Scotland )
Act 1949.
Section 79.
Schedule 7.
Section 10(2)(b) and (c) .
Section 19( 4).
Part V.
Schedule 7.
Section 2(2)(b) .
Section 2(2)(b) .
In section 4( 3), the words
" subject to the provisions of
subsection (5) of section 16
of this Act ".
2220 с.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29 Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
12&13 Geo. 6.
c. 31 -cont.
The Water ( Scotland )
Act 1949 -cont.
Section 8( 2).
Section 14.
Section 16( 5) .
12&13 Geo. 6.
The Special Roads Act
с. 32.
1949.
12 , 13 & 14 The Finance Act 1949.
Geo. 6. c.47.
In section 21(1), the definition
of " large burgh ".
In section 15, subsection (1)(a),
in subsection ( 3), the words
" the Hawkers Act 1888, or ",
and subsection (5) .
12&13 Geo. 6. The Representation ofthe In section 11( 2) (b), the words
c. 68.66 or, in Scotland, each elec-
People Act 1949.
toral division ".
Section 30.
Section 31 .
Section 32.
Section 36.
Section 37( 3) .
In section 40( 2) , the words from
" in England " to " in Scot-
land".
In section 41 ( 2), the words
"Except in Scotland ".
In section 43, in subsection (1 ),
the words from " and there
shall be paid " onwards, and
subsection ( 8).
In section 52( 2), in paragraph
66
( a ), the words or , in the
case of an election of town
councillors to the town clerk" .
In section 55( 6 ), in paragraph
( b ), the words " in England
andWales", and paragraph( c).
In section 83( 4), the word
"district ".
In section 86( 4), the words
" town clerk or town clerk
depute" where they first
occur.
In section 173, in subsection
( 2 ), the words from the begin-
ning to "town councillor
and "; subsection (3) ; and
in subsection ( 8), the defini-
tions of " assessor " , " burgh ",
" large burgh ", and " small
burgh " and " elected district
councillor ".
Schedule 3.
In Schedule 8, in paragraph 5,
in sub-paragraph (1 ), so much
of the Table as relates to the
Local Government ( Scotland )
Act 1947, and sub-paragraphs
( 4 ), ( 5 ) and (6 ) .
12&13 Geo. 6. The Coast Protection Act Section 1( 3).
c .74 . Section 3.
1949.
Section 20(7 ) .
In section 21 , subsections (1)( c)
and ( 3)(b) .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
2221
SCH. 29
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
12&13Geo. 6.
c . 74 -cont.
The Coast Protection Act In section 29, subsections (3)
1949 -cont.
to ( 7 ).
Section 42.
In section 49( 4 ) the words
" maritime county borough or
county district " and the defi-
nition of maritime burgh or
county.
12, 13 & 14
The Criminal Justice
In section 78(1), the definitions
Geo. 6. c. 94.
(Scotland ) Act 1949.
of" large burgh " and " small
burgh " .
12 , 13 & 14
The National Parks and
Section 21( 7) .
Geo. 6. c. 97.
Access to the Country-
Section 104(11).
side Act 1949.
14 Geo. 6. c. The Highways ( Provision
24 . of Cattle Grids ) Act
1950.
14 Geo. 6. с.
The Diseases of Animals
36 .
Act 1950.
Section 14.
Section 16( 4).
Section 18 .
In section 43, the words " with
the sanction of the Minister".
Section 60.
Section 61 (7) .
Section 64 (2 ) .
Section 68.
Schedule 4.
The whole Act.
14& 15 Geo. 6. The Local Government
c. 15. ( Scotland ) Act 1951 .
14 & 15 Geo. 6. The Pet Animals Act In section 1( 2), the words " not
с. 35. 1951 . exceeding £2 ” .
14& 15Geo. 6. c . 66.
The Rivers (Prevention of Sections 2 to 5.
Pollution) (Scotland) Act | Section 6(2) .
1951. Section 8.
In section 10, subsections (2)
to ( 4 ).
Section 11 .
Section 15.
In section 18( 4 ), the proviso.
Section 26(5) .
Section 28( 9) .
In section 29(4), the words from
" subject " onwards.
In section 30(1), the words
" river purification boards
or".
In section 35, in subsection (1)
the definitions of "large
burgh ", "small burgh",
and subsection (2).
In Schedule 1, in paragraph 7,
sub-paragraphs (a ) and (b).
In Schedule 3, paragraphs 1
and 3.
15 & 16Geo. 6.
& 1 Eliz. 2.
с. 61.
The Prisons ( Scotland ) In section 31( 3), the words
Act1952. "burgh magistrates or ".
In section 37( 2), the words
" remand home or ", where
first occurring, and the words
" remand home ", where they
subsequently occur.
2222 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter
15& 16Geo. 6.
& 1 Eliz. 2.
c. 61. -cont
1 & 2 Eliz . 2.
c . 36.
1 & 2 Eliz. 2.
c. 50.
Short Title
The Prisons ( Scotland)
Act 1952. -cont.
The Post Office Act 1953.
The Auxiliary Forces Act
1953 .
Extent of Repeal
Section 38.
Section 41 .
In section 42(1), the definition
of " remand home ".
Section 51 (5)(c).
In section 2(1), in the definition
of " joint association " the
words from " consisting " to
" other area " .
Section 47.
Part II of Schedule 3.
Sections 1 to 9 .
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Local Government
c . 13. ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1954.
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Public Libraries Section 3 .
c. 27. ( Scotland ) Act 1955.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Food and Drugs
c . 30.
( Scotland ) Act 1956.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 52.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
c. 60.
The Clean Air Act 1956.
In section 21, in subsection ( 1 ),
the words " with the approval
of the Secretary of State "
and the words from "and
any " onwards, and subsec-
tions (2) and (3) .
Section 22(2) .
Section 27(3) .
Section 31( 7) ( c ) .
The Valuation and Rating
( Scotland ) Act 1956.
In section 1, subsections (1) to
( 4); in subsection (5), the
words " under this section " ;
subsection (6 ) ; in subsection
( 7 ), the words " appointed
under this section " .
Section 4.
In section 5, in subsection (1 ),
paragraph (i) and, in para-
graph (j), the words from " or
in any burgh " to "that
burgh".
In section 16 ( 3), the words
from " of the House " to
" 1920, or " .
In section 21 , in subsection (1 ) ,
the words " are situated within
the landward area of a county
and".
Section 26.
Section 31 .
Section 37.
Section 40.
In section 43, in subsection (1),
the definitions of " burgh ",
" large burgh " and " rating
authority" .
Schedule 6.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с.65
2223
SCH. 29
Chapter Short title
Extent of Repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The Thermal Insulation
c .40. ( Industrial Buildings)
Act 1957.
In section 4(3) as set out in its
application to Scotland, in
section 12(5), the words " or ,
as the case may be, the plans
ofthe building were approved
by the local authority ".
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
The Electricity Act 1957.
In section 33, subsections ( 1)
c .48.
and(3).
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
The Disabled Persons
Section 3(4) .
с. 33.
( Employment ) Act 1958 .
The Schedule.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
c . 36.
The Physical Training and
Section 1( 3).
Recreation Act 1958.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
The Matrimonial Pro-
In section 15, the words from
с .40.
ceedings (Children) Act
" and the expression " on-
1958.
wards.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Local Government
Sections 1 to 6.
c. 64. and Miscellaneous
Section 8.
Financial Provisions
Section 18 .
( Scotland ) Act 1958 .
Schedules 1 to 3 .
In Schedule 4, paragraph 4 and
Part II .
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Opencast Coal Act In section 52 ( 2 ), the words
c. 69. 1958. " " local authority ' " .
In Schedule 1, in paragraph
4 ( b ), the words " being the
council of a county, county
borough or county district "
and , in paragraph 11 , the
words " to a county borough,
to a county district " and the
words " to a burgh, to a
district ".
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Building (Scotland ) Section 1.
с . 24. Act 1959. In section 2, subsections (1) to
( 3 ).
In section 6, subsection ( 8)(a),
and, in subsection ( 9), the
words " or (b) by a local
authority to demolish any
building".
Section 7.
Section 8(3) .
In section 9, subsections (7)
and ( 8 ).
In section 10( 2) the words " and
the local authority shall there-
upon be entitled to act
accordingly".
In section 18, subsection (2),
in subsection ( 4 ), the words
" the buildings authority or
"
where they first occur and the
words " or (2) " and in sub-
"
section (7) the words or
subsection (2) " .
Section 20(2).
Section 21 .
2224 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter
7 & 8 Eliz. 2.
c. 24 -cont.
Short Title
The Building (Scotland )
Act 1959-cont.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2.
c . 44 .
7 & 8 Eliz. 2.
с. 51.
The Fire Services Act
1959.
The Licensing ( Scotland )
Act 1959.
Extent of Repeal
In section 25, in subsections ( 2 )
and ( 3), the words " a build-
ings authority or " .
Section 27.
In section 29, in subsection (1)
the definitions of " buildings
authority ", " burgh ", " land-
ward area and " master of
works ", subsections (6 ) and
( 7 ), in subsection ( 8) the words
6 "
two or more buildings
authorities or " and "such
one of those buildings autho-
rities or, as the case may be "
and subsection (9).
In section 30( 1 ), the proviso.
Schedules 1 and 2.
In Schedule 3 , in the heading,
thewords " paragraph ( a) of" .
In Schedule 6, in paragraph 1
the words 66
or a master of
works ".
Schedule 8.
In Schedule 9, paragraphs 2 and
3 .
Section 7(2).
In section 6, the words " orat
a special meeting of the
magistrates ".
Section 11 .
In section 13, the words from
66 or to " 1949 ".
Sections 15 and 16.
In section 18( 2), the words
from " burgh " to " county " .
In section 29(1), the words
66 or town clerk ".
Section 114(1 ) .
In section 168(1), the words
6 " or other area
In section 169( 4), the words
from " either " (where it first
appears) to " case ".
In section 175(1), the words
from or, if the premises
" "
to " to a magistrate " and the
words " or magistrate " .
In section 195, the words
" town clerk " .
In section 199(1 ), the definition
of " burgh licensing court "
and " county licensing court ",
and, in the definition of
"
licensing court ", the words
66
or two " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.65
2225
SCH. 29
Chapter Short title
7 & 8 Eliz. 2.
c. 51. -cont
The Licensing (Scotland)
Act 1959 -cont.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country
c . 70. Planning (Scotland ) Act
1959.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act
c . 16. 1960.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. TheHighlands and Islands
с. 31. Shipping Services Act
1960.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Caravan Sites and
c . 62. Control ofDevelopment
Act 1960.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Local Authorities
c. 32. ( Expenditure on Special
Purposes) (Scotland) Act
1961.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Factories Act 1961.
c . 34 .
Extent of Repeal
In Schedule 2 , in Forms 1 and
"
3, the words parish of
and "; and in Form 2, the
words " burgh of and".
In Schedule 3, in Form 1 , the
words " in the parish [or
burgh] of
and
county of
" .
Section 28 .
Section 29(2) .
In section 121( 4 ), the words
from " In the application "
onwards.
In section 5, in the definition
of " Highlands and Islands ",
the words from " inclusive "
onwards.
Section 27.
Section 32(5 ) .
The whole Act.
9& 10 Eliz. 2.
c.40.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2.
с .41.
The Consumer Protection
Act 1961 .
The Flood Prevention
( Scotland ) Act 1961 .
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Public Authorities
c.43. ( Allowances) Act 1961 .
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Local Government
c. 9. ( Financial Provisions
etc. )( Scotland )Act 1962.
10& 11 Eliz. 2. The Education (Scotland )
с . 47. Act 1962.
In section 47( 1), the word
" either " and the words from
" or, where " to the end.
In section 94( 3), the words " in
burghs " ..
In section 153(3), the words "
a
county council and " .
Section 181 (3).
Section 182(2) .
In section 6( 3)( b), the words
from " but as if " onwards.
Section 5.
Section 11(5).
In section 15(1 ), the definition
of" burgh ".
Section 2.
Section 1.
Section 11 .
In section 12 ( 1), the words
"of a county ", the words
" not only " and the words
from " but also " to the end .
In section 13, the words from
" and shall " onwards.
In section 20, in subsection
(1A ), paragraph (a) and the
words " acquisition or " .
Section 23 .
2226 с. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter Short title
Extent of Repeal
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Education (Scotland)
c. 47 -cont. Act 1962-cont.
In section 25, in subsection
(1)( c ) , the words " with the
approval of the Secretary of
State " , and subsection (2).
In section 66(7), the proviso .
In section 85, in subsection ( 4),
the words from " and for any
sub- committee " to " control
of the authority) " .
In section 86, in subsection ( 1),
the words from " and, on a
vacancy " onwards, and sub-
section (2) .
Sections 88, 89, 90 and 91 .
In section 145, paragraph ( 15).
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Licensing (Scotland) In Schedule 1, the words
с. 51.
Act 1962.“
parish of and",
in both places where they
occur.
1963 с. 2.
The Betting, Gaming and In Schedule 1, in paragraph
Lotteries Act 1963 . 1( b), the words " or 2 " .
In Schedule 2, paragraph 1( 2),
( 3), ( 4) and ( 6), and paга-
graphs 2 and 3.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph
2(b) , the words
" or com-
mittee".
In Schedule 6, paragraph 2.
1963 с. 12.
The Local Government
( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1963 .
Sections 1 and 2.
Sections 4 and 5.
In section 7, subsection (5) .
Section 8.
In section 9, subsection (2) ;
in subsection ( 4), the words
" tocountycouncils andtown
councils " ; and subsection
( 7 ).
Section 16.
In section 19, in subsection ( 2) ,
the words " the expression
' local authority ' includes a
district council, and " .
In section 20 , subsection (2).
In section 21, subsection (2).
Schedule 1.
1963 с. 21 .
Section 4.
1963 с. 31 .
The Education ( Scotland )
Act 1963 .
TheWeights and Measures
Act 1963 .
In section 4(1) the words
" Subject to section 37 of
this Act".
In section 4(2) , the words " and
approved for the purpose by
the Board " .
In section 5( 1 ) the words " and
to section 37 of this Act ".
In section 5( 3), the words " and
approved for the purpose by
the Board ".
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2227
SCH. 29
Chapter
1963 с. 31.
-cont.
Short Title
The Weights and Measures
Act 1963-cont.
1963 с. 41 .
1963 с. 43.
1964 с. 40.
1964 с. 67.
The Offices , Shops and
Railway Premises Act
1963.
The Animal Boarding
Establishments Act 1963 .
The Harbours Act 1964.
The Local Government
( Development and
Finance) (Scotland ) Act
1964 .
1965 с. 13.
1965 с. 41 .
Extent of Repeal
Section 37.
Section 40(2).
In section 41 , in subsections ( 1)
and ( 2) the words " Subject to
section 37 of this Act ".
In section 44(1), the words
" with the consent of the
Board".
Section 47.
In section 52( 3) , paragraph (a)
and, in paragraph (c) , the
"
words the council of a
county ".
In section 1( 2), the words " not
exceeding £2 ".
In section 57(1), in the definition
of " harbour ", the words
"
ferry or".
In section 1 , subsections ( 2)
and (3).
Section 5.
Section 6( 3) .
In section 8, subsections (2)
and ( 5 ).
In section 9, in subsection (1 ),
paragraph (b) ; and sub-
sections (2) and ( 4) .
In section 10, subsection (2) .
Section 15.
Section 1(10 ).
In section 3( 2 ), the words from
" and the proviso " to the
end.
The whole Act.
1965 с. 49.
1965 с. 57.
1966 с. 9.
The Rivers (Prevention
of Pollution) (Scotland )
Act 1965.
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1947
( Amendment) Act 1965.
The Registration ofBirths,
Deaths and Marriages
( Scotland ) Act 1965.
The Nuclear Installations
Act 1965.
The Rating Act 1966.
In section 8( 5 ), the words from
" by their " to " town clerk " .
In section 56(1 ), the definition
of " local authority ".
In section 3( 3)(d ) , the words
"
or local".
In section 2, in subsection (1 ),
in paragraph ( b), the words
from " under the House " to
66
1920, or " ; and, in sub-
section (12), in paragraph ( b),
66
the words from or any
corresponding provision " to
the end.
In section 4, in subsection (5),
the words " or any provision
for like purposes contained
in any local Act " and the
words from or any such
provision " to the end.
Sections 5 to 8.
2228 c .65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29 Chapter
1966 с. 20.
1966с. 49.
1966 с. 51 .
1967 с. 8.
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966.
The Housing ( Scotland )
Act1966 .
In Schedule 4, paragraph 2( 5 ).
Section 98.
In section 107, in subsection
( 2 ), the words from " who
are not" to " another fire
authority".
In section 147, the words
" subject to the approval of
the Secretary of State ".
Sections 173 and 174.
In section 184, the words " the
sanitary inspector or " .
In section 185(1 )(b) , the words
" the sanitary inspector or "
and the words "of such
officer or".
In section 193, in subsection
( 1 ) ( a ) , in head (i ), the word
or " occurring at the end,
andhead(ii ).
Section 201.
Insection208(1), the definitions
of " burgh"
and "large
burgh".
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1966.
In section 2, in subsection (2),
in paragraph ( b), the words
" and grants under the Rating
Act 1966".
Section 11( 3).
Section 28( 5).
In section 30, subsections (3)
and (4 ) .
Sections 31 and 32.
Section 33(2) .
Sections 36, 37 and 39.
In Schedule 1, in Part I, para-
graph 2; and, in paragraph
5 ( 2 ) , the words from " and
joint" to " constituent
councils".
In Schedule 1 , in Part II, in
paragraph 1, the words from
"shall be payable " to
"burgh, but "; and para-
graph 3.
In Schedule 2, in paragraph
19( a), the words " and, where
appropriate, the separately
rated areas " ; paragraph 22;
and, in paragraph 27, the
definitions of " burgh " and
" separately rated area".
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 1
and4.
The Plant Health Act In section 5( 2) , the words from
1967. "in such manner " to "direct" .
In section 6(3), the words from
" in such ", where first occur-
ring, to " direction " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2229
SCH. 29
Chapter
1967 с. 69.
1967 с. 76.
1967 с. 77.
1967 с. 78.
Short title Extent of Repeal
The Civic Amenities Act In section 18, in subsection (7),
1967."
the words Subject to the
following subsection " and the
words from " so however "
onwards, subsection ( 8) and,
in subsection ( 9), the words
or subsection (8) "."
The Road Traffic Regula- In section 21, subsection (2),
tion Act 1967. in subsection (6 ), the words
from " and in relation to " to
the end, and subsection ( 7).
In section 29, in subsection (1),
thewordsfrom " exercisable"
to " by him " , and subsection
( 2 ) .
Insection 31( 2 ), the words from
" and where " onwards .
In section 37( 5), the words " in
the prescribed manner ", and
the words from " and in
this " onwards.
In section 44, in subsection (2) ,
in the proviso, the words
from "but shall not " on-
wards, and in subsection
( 3)(c ) the words " with the
consent of the appropriate
Minister".
In section 69( 3), the words
from " but where " to the end.
Section 76 (3) .
Section 105.
The Police ( Scotland ) Act Section 4 ( 3) .
1967. In section 15 in subsection (3),
the words " the magistrates of
any burgh comprising any
part of the area", and in sub-
section (5) the words " to the
magistrates of any burgh, or "
and the words " respectively,
of the burgh or " .
In section 17( 3), paragraph (a)
and, in paragraph ( b), the
words from the beginning to
"burgh".
In section 19, in subsection (2),
paragraph (e) .
In section 51 , in subsection (1),
the definition of " burgh ",
and subsection (2 ) .
Schedule 1.
The Water ( Scotland ) Act Sections 1 and 2.
1967. In section 5, subsection (1)(a) ,
in subsection (1)(c ) the words
66 "
any region, or and sub-
section (3) so far as relating
to new regional water boards.
2230 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1967 с. 78-
cont.
1967 с. 86.
1968 с. 16.
The Water (Scotland) Act 1967 -cont. Section 8.
In section 10, subsections (1 ) ,
( 2) , (4) and (5) .
Section 17 so far as it relates to
regional water boards.
Part III.
Section 28.
Section 29 so far as relating to
regional water boards.
In section 33, in subsection (4),
the words " all local authori-
ties whose districts are affected
by the order and " and
paragraph (a).
In section 34(1), the definitions
of " constituent council ",
" local authority " , " region "
and " regional water board ",
"
in the definition of first
appointed day ", the words
"
1( 4 )(a) or and, in the
definition of " second ap-
pointed day ", the words
1( 4 )(b) or " .
In Schedule 1, Part I.
In Schedule 2, paragraph 13.
Schedule 4 so far as relating to
regional water boards, and
the following provisions of
that Schedule so far as relating
to water development
boards-
paragraph 5(2) and ( 3), in
paragraph 10, the word
"triennial", in paragraph
18, the word " county ",
wherever it occurs, and
paragraph 25.
The Countryside (Scot- In section 2 , in subsection (1),
land ) Act 1967. the words from " or, before
onwards, in subsection (2) ,
in paragraph (b), the words
“
burghs or other " and para-
graph (d ), and subsection (8).
In section 41(1)(b), the words
" with the approval of the
Secretary of State " .
In section 49, subsections (6)
and (7 ).
In section 78(1), the definition
of " district council ".
The New Towns ( Scot- Section 33.
land ) Act 1968.
In section 34, in subsection ( 1 ),
"
the words or, as the case
may be, regional water
board ", where twice occur-
ring, in subsection ( 2), the
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 65
2231
SCH. 29
Chapter
1968 с. 16
-cont.
1968 с. 27.
1968 с. 29. 1968 с. 31 . 1968 с. 46. 1968 с. 47.
1968 с. 49.
Short title
The New Towns (Scot-
land) Act 1968 -cont.
Extent of Repeal
words "
or as the case may
be, regional water board ",
where twice occurring, and
the words " or board ", and,
in subsection (3), the words
" or regional water board ",
where twice occurring.
In section 41( 2), the words
from " so far " to " a county" .
In section 47, in subsection (1),
"
the definition of regional
water board ", in subsection
66
( 6 ), the words or regional
water board ", and subsection
( 7 ).
The Firearms Act 1968 .
In section 46(1), the words
"
from or any magistrate " to
" Police Act ".
The Trade Descriptions
Act 1968. In section 26(1) the words from
" and section 37" to the end.
The Housing (Financial
In section 51, subsection ( 3 ) .
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1968.
The Health Services and In section 65(6 ), in subsection
Public Health Act 1968.
( 2A), the last paragraph and,
in subsection (2B), paragraph
(b).
The Sewerage ( Scotland ) In section 3( 4), the words from
Act 1968.
" otherwise " to " 5 below ".
Section 5.
In section 6, the words "by
virtue of an agreement under
section 5 above or ".
Section 7( 4 ) .
In section 10(1), the words
" and approved by the Secre-
tary of State ".
In section 16(1), in paragraph
( b ), the words from " whether",
where first occurring, to "and "
and in paragraph (c ), the
words from " whether " on-
wards.
In section 18, subsections ( 4)
to (6 ).
Section 19.
In section 59(1), the definitions
of area ", " burgh rate ",
"
66
county rate and " special
district sewer rate " .
In Schedule 1, paragraph 1 .
The Social Work (Scot- Section 1( 3) and (6).
land) Act 1968. Section 2( 3) .
In section 22, the words " the
Secretary of State or " .
2232 c.65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1968 с. 49
-cont.
1968 с. 54.
1968 с. 65. 1968 с. 73. The Social Work ( Scot-
land ) Act 1968-cont.
In section 36, in subsection (1),
the words " in accordance
with the provisions of this
section ", and subsections
( 3 )and( 7 ).
In Schedule 3, in paragraph 3,
the words after " Secretary of
State".
The Theatres Act 1968. In section 15(1), the words
from " and in relation " on-
wards.
The Gaming Act 1968. The Transport Act 1968. In Schedule 9, paragraph 2.
In Schedule 11 , Part II .
In section 9( 2), sub- paragraph
( i ).
In section 10(1 )(xvi) , the words
" and the consent of the
Minister ".
Section 11( 4) .
Section 11(5) .
In section 12(4), the words
" with the consent of the
Minister ".
In section 14 ( 3), the words
"and to each of the councils
of constituent areas ".
Insection 16, in subsection ( 2 ),
the words from " and ( d )
onwards, and subsections (3),
( 4 ) and (5 ).
In section 18, in subsection (1),
the words " to the Minister
and ", and in subsection (2),
66
the words to the Minister
and".
Section 21 ( 5)( a).
In section 36, in subsection (2),
the words " subject to sub-
section (3) of this section ",
and subsections (3) to (8).
In section 37, in subsection (1),
the words from " with the
consent" to " State ", and
subsection ( 2) .
Section 58 .
In section 123, the words from
" and" at the end of sub-
section (1)( a) to the end of
the section.
Section 138( 7), ( 8) and ( 9)(a).
Section 151 .
In Schedule 5, Part I, and, in
Part III, paragraphs 2, 3(a) ,
4 , 5, 10 , 12 , 14 , 16 and 17, in
paragraphs 6, 7 and 9, the
words " the Authority and "
and " respectively " in each
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2233
SCH. 29
Chapter
1968 с. 73
-cont.
Short Title
The Transport Act 1968
-cont.
1969 с. 13.
1969 с. 15.
The Licensing (Scotland )
Act 1969.
TheRepresentation of the
People Act 1969.
Extent of Repeal
place where they occur, in
paragraph 8, the words " the
Authority or " and "the
Chairman of the Authority
or , as the case may be ", in
paragraph 11, the words " the
Authority or " in sub-para-
graph (a) and " the Autho-
rity " in sub-paragraph (b) ,
and, in paragraph 13, the
words " the Authority or ",
in both places where they
occur, and " the Authority ",
where those words last occur.
In Schedule 16, paragraph
8(1)(d)( ii).
The whole Act.
Section 6(1 ) .
In section 11( 3), the words " or,
in Scotland, an electoral divi-
sion ".
Section 12(2).
Section 13( 4 ).
In section 13( 5), the words
" and rule 18 of those in
Schedule 3 ".
In section 14 the words " and
the local elections rules ".
Section 15.
Section 19(2) and ( 4).
In Schedule 1, in Part I the
words from " In Schedule 3
( Scottish local elections
rules) " onwards.
In Schedule 1, in Part II, parга-
graph 1(1); paragraph 3 ; in
paragraph 4, the words " and
rule 13 of the Scottish rules ";
paragraph 6(2); paragraph 7;
in paragraph 9, the words
"and in rule 37(1) of the
Scottish rules "; in para-
graph 10(1), the words " and
in rule 37( 3) of the Scottish
rules "; in paragraph 12 (1)
the proviso; and paragraph
13( 3) and (5) .
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 23,
sub -paragraph ( 2); in para-
graph 25, sub-paragraph ( 1),
and in sub-paragraph ( 2) the
words " and rule 24 of the
local elections rules in
Schedule 3 " ; in paragraph
26, sub-paragraph ( 3); in
paragraph 27, the words " and
in rule 26 ofthe local elections
2234 с. 65
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter
1969 с. 15.-
cont .
1969 с. 19.
1969 с. 41 .
1969 с. 49.
1969 c. xxiv.
1970 с. 9. 1970 с. 20. 1970 с. 39 .
1970 с. 40.
1971 с. 7.
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Representation of
the People Act 1969
-cont.
The Decimal Currency
Act 1969.
The National Mod ( Scot-
land) Act 1969.
The Education (Scotland)
Act 1969.
rules in Schedule 3 "; in para-
graph 28, the words " and in
rule 33(3)(b) of the local
elections rules in Schedule 3 " ;
in paragraph 29, sub-
paragraph (2); in paragraph
30, the words " and rule 41 ( 4)
of the local elections rules in
Schedule 3 " ; in paragraph
32, the words from " and a
Note" onwards; in para-
graph 33, the words from
" and a note " onwards ; para-
graphs 34, 35 and 36; and in
paragraph 37, the words " and
in that to Schedule 3 ".
In Schedule 2, paragraph 10.
The whole Act.
In section 2(1) , the words
( other than the town council"
of a burgh being a county of
a city ) ".
In Schedule 4, in paragraph
7(2), the proviso.
The Tweed Fisheries Act Section 3 .
1969.
In section 5( 2) the words from
" but " onwards .
The Taxes Management
In section 5( 2), the words from
Act 1970.
" in the county " onwards .
The Roads ( Scotland ) Act
In section4 (1)(d), the words " in
1970.
special scavenging districts ".
In section 28( 3), the definition
of " local authority " .
The Local Authorities
In section 2( 2), the words from
( Goods and Services)
" and, in relation " onwards.
Act 1970.
TheAgriculture Act 1970.
Section 93.
In section 97(1), the words
from at any time ""
to
" 1969 " .
The whole Act.
1971 с. 28.
The Local Authorities
( Qualification of Mem-
bers) Act 1971 .
The Rent (Scotland ) Act
1971.
In sections 36 (1) and 47(1), the
definition of" rates ".
In section 37, in subsection (2),
the words from " and for the
purposes " to the end, and
subsection ( 6 ) .
In section 69, in subsection ( 1),
"
the definition of local
authority " , and, in subsec-
tion ( 4 ), the words from " In
this " onwards.
In section 82, the definition of
" local authority " .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 65
2235
SCH. 29
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
1971 с. 28-
cont.
The Rent (Scotland ) Act In section 85(1), the words
1971 -cont. from " and which is situated "
to the end.
Section 97(1) .
Section 106(9) .
Section 125( 4).
In Schedule 8, paragraph 1(6 )
( c ) and , in paragraph 1( 8)( b),
the words from " other than
to " 1920 " .
1971 с. 40.
The Fire Precautions Act 1971. In section 17, in subsection (1),
in paragraph (ii ), the words
" section 1 of ", and in sub-
section (2) the words
“ or
buildings authority " .
1972 с. 20. The Road Traffic Act In section 43(3), the words " or
1972. of a large burgh (within the
meaning of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland) Act 1947 " .
Section 197 .
1972 с. 52. The Town and Country
Planning (Scotland ) Act
1972.
Sections 1, 2 and 3 .
In section 9, subsections (1) and
( 2 ).
In section 10(2), the words from
66
( but not " to " local plan ) ".
In section 13(3), the words from
" but as if " to the end.
In section 25(1) , the word
" either " and the words from
first " or " onwards.
In section 28 subsections ( 2) and
(3 ) .
In section 43, in subsection (1 ),
the words from " and ( b)"
onwards , and in subsection
( 3), the words from " and the
notice " onwards .
In section 63(1), the words from
" then " to " State ".
In section 84(1), the words from
6 " to any " to " State and " .
In section 96(1 ), the words from
66 may give " to " notice, or " .
In section 107(3), the words
66 application for ".
In section 109( 1), the words
"with the consent of the
Secretary of State ".
In section 111(1), the words
" and confirmed by the Secre-
tary of State ".
In section 112, subsections (2)
and ( 3).
In section 113, subsection (2),
in subsection (3), the words
from " except to State"," “
and, in subsection (6 ), the
words from " and on the "
to " under this section ".
2236 c. 65
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 29
Chapter
1972 с. 52-
cont .
Short title
The Town and Country
Planning (Scotland ) Act
1972 -cont.
1972 с. 58.
1973 с. 28.
The National Health Ser-
vice(Scotland) Act 1972.
The Rate Rebate Act
1973.
Extent of repeal
In section 114 , subsections (3)
and( 4 ).
In section 115, in subsection
( 1), the words from " and the
Secretary " onwards, and sub-
section ( 2 ).
In section 118, in subsection
( 1), the proviso, subsection
( 2) and, in subsection ( 3), the
words from the beginning to
" regulations ".
In section 153(1 ), the words
from " (other " to " State) ".
In section 204 (7), the words
from " and" onwards.
Section 242(3) .
Insection260, insubsection (1),
the words from " may give
"
to " confirmation or ", in
subsection (5), paragraph ( b)
and the words from or"
under " to " 61 of this Act ",
and the words from may“
give " to " notice or ", and in
subsection (6 ) , the words
" council or " .
Section 261.
Section 262(2) .
In section 275(1 ), the definitions
of "joint planning com-
mittee ", " large burgh " and
" small burgh ".
Schedules 1 and 2.
In Schedule 10, paragraph 3
and in paragraph 10, the
words from "may give " to
confirmation, or ".66
In Schedule 22, paragraph 69.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 132.
The whole Act.
c. 66 2237
OH
YPENSE
MON DROIT
DIEU
Channel Tunnel
(Initial Finance).
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 66
An Act to make financial provision in relation to
preliminary work on or in connection with the con-
struction of a railway tunnel system under the English
Channel . [ 13th November 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. (1) For the purpose of making financial provision in Initial
relation to preliminary work on or in connection with the con- finance for
struction of a railway tunnel system under the English Channel- the Channel
Tunnel.
(a ) subject to subsection (2) of this section, the Treasury
may guarantee, in such manner and on such conditions
as they think fit , the repayment of the principal of, and
the payment of interest on, any sums borrowed in
pursuance of any agreement to which the Secretary of
State may become a party after the passing of this Act
and which relates to work of that description done before
or to be done during the initial period;
( b) subject to and in accordance with subsection (3) of this
section, the Treasury may make payments towards the
fulfilment of any guarantees given in relation to sums
borrowed in pursuance of any agreement to which the
Government or any minister of the Government of the
French Republic may become a party after the passing
of this Act and which corresponds with such an agree-
ment as is referred to in paragraph (a) above ; and
Part III R
2238 c. 66
Channel Tunnel (Initial Finance) Act 1973
( c ) there shall be defrayed out of money provided by
Parliament any expenditure which may be incurred by
the Secretary of State-
(i ) in carrying out such studies connected with the
construction of such a tunnel system as appear to
him to be necessary or expedient ; or
(ii ) in fulfilling any obligations or exercising any
rights (including any obligation or right to acquire
securities of a body corporate ) which, in pursuance of
such an agreement as is referred to in paragraph ( a )
above, become his in consequence of the abandonment
during the initial period of the work to which the
agreement relates.
( 2 ) The sums for the repayment of which the Treasury may
give a guarantee under paragraph ( a ) of subsection (1) of this
section shall not in the aggregate exceed £30 million or such
greater sum, not exceeding £35 million, as the Secretary of State
may by order specify.
( 3) The payments which the Treasury may make under para-
graph ( b) of subsection (1) of this section shall be of such amounts
( not exceeding in the aggregate, in so far as they relate to the
repayment of principal, £15 million or, if an order is made under
subsection ( 2) of this section specifying a greater sum, one half
of that greater sum ) as the Treasury thinks proper for giving
effect to any arrangements made between Her Majesty's Govern-
ment in the United Kingdom and the Government of the French
Republic in relation to the guarantees referred to in paragraphs
( a ) and ( b) of the said subsection (1) .
( 4 ) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling any
guarantee given under paragraph ( a ) of subsection (1) of this
section or for making any payments under paragraph ( b) of that
subsection shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated
Fund; but, to the extent to which the Treasury is required to
fulfil guarantees given under the said paragraph ( a) in relation to
sums borrowed in excess of £15 million, the Treasury shall
pay into the Consolidated Fund such sums as are received
in pursuance of the arrangements referred to in subsection ( 3)
of this section.
( 5 ) Immediately after a guarantee is given under the said
paragraph (a) the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee
before each House of Parliament.
( 6 ) As soon as possible after the end of each financial year in
which any sum is issued for fulfilling a guarantee so given or for
making a payment under the said paragraph ( b ) the Treasury
shall lay before each House of Parliament a statement relating to
that sum.
Channel Tunnel (Initial Finance) Act 1973 c. 66 2239
( 7 ) The power to make an order under subsection ( 2) of this
section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument but shall not
be exercised unless a draft of the order has been laid before the
Commons House of Parliament and approved by a resolution of
that House.
( 8) The power to make an order under the said subsection ( 2)
shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent
order made under that subsection.
2.- (1 ) In this Act-
" preliminary work " includes studies, surveys, trials and Interpretation
experimental work connected with the construction ofand short
a railway tunnel system under the English Channel as
title.
well as work on the construction of any part of that
system;
" the initial period " means the period commencing with the
passing of this Act and expiring with 1st July 1975
or such later date as the Secretary of State may by order
made by statutory instrument appoint; and
" securities " includes stock and shares .
( 2 ) Any statutory instrument whereby an order under sub-
section ( 1 ) of this section is made shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parlia-
ment.
( 3) The power to make an order under the said subsection (1)
shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent
order made under that subsection.
( 4 ) This Act may be cited as the Channel Tunnel (Initial
Finance ) Act 1973.
2240 c. 67
DIEU ET
OPENSE
DROIT
Application
ofAct.
Powers of
control.
Fuel and Electricity (Control)
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 67
An Act to make temporary provision for controlling the
production, supply, acquisition and use of certain
substances and of electricity ; and for purposes
connected with those matters. [6th December 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-(1 ) This Act applies to the following substances
( a) petroleum and any substance derived from petroleum ;
and
(b) any substance, whether solid, liquid or gaseous, not
falling within paragraph ( a) above but used as fuel,
whether for the propulsion of vehicles or for industrial,
domestic or any other purposes.
( 2 ) The following provisions of this Act apply in relation to
electricity as they apply in relation to the substances mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above.
2.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order provide-
( a) for regulating or prohibiting the production, supply,
acquisition or use of any substance to which this Act
applies ;
( b) for regulating the price at which petroleum or any
substance derived from petroleum may be supplied.
Fuel and Electricity (Control ) Act 1973 c . 67
2241
( 2) The Secretary of State may give directions-
( a ) to any person carrying on business as a producer of a
substance to which this Act applies, as to the pro-
duction and use of that substance ;
( b) to any person carrying on business as a supplier of such
a substance, as to the supply by him of that substance ;
and
( c ) to any person carrying on a business involving the use
of such a substance, as to the use by him of that
substance for the purposes of that business.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2)
above-
( a) a direction under subsection (2) (a) above may prohibit
or restrict the use of any material for the production
of a substance to which this Act applies and may
extend to the disposal of stocks of such a substance or
of any such material ;
( b) a direction under subsection (2) (b) above may prohibit
or restrict the supply of any substance to which this
Act applies to persons specified in the direction or to
persons other than those so specified and may require
the supply of any such substance to such persons as
may be so specified in accordance with such require-
ments as may be so specified and, if the substance is
petroleum or a substance derived from petroleum,
at such prices as may be so specified ; and
(c) a direction under subsection (2) ( c ) above may prohibit
or restrict the use of any substance to which this Act
applies for such purposes or during such periods as
may be specified in the direction or for purposes or
during periods other than those so specified.
3. The Secretary of State may, by directions given with respect Documents
to any undertaking, or order made with respect to any class of and information.
undertaking, require the person carrying on the undertaking or
persons carrying on undertakings of that class-
( a ) to keep such books, accounts and records relating to a
substance to which this Act applies as may be pre-
scribed by the directions or order or by a notice served
under the order ;
( b) to furnish, at such times, in such manner and in such
form as may be so prescribed, such estimates, returns
or information relating to a substance to which this
Act applies as may be so prescribed.
2242 c. 67
Fuel and Electricity ( Control ) Act 1973
Power to relax 4 .- (1 ) Any person supplying or using a substance to which
statutory and this Act applies may, if authorised to do so by the Secretary
contractual of State by any general or special authority granted for the
obligations, etc.
purpose, and while acting in accordance with that authority,
disregard or fall short in discharging any obligation imposed by
or under any enactment, or any contractual obligation, relating
to or involving the supply or use of that substance.
( 2) At any time while an order under section 2( 1) of this Act
is in force the Secretary of State may grant , or enable any person
to grant on his behalf, a general or special authority for the
doing, during the whole or any part of the period for which the
order is in force, of all or any of the things mentioned in the
following paragraphs ; and a person acting under and in
accordance with such an authority may then-
(a) use, or cause or permit the use of, any vehicle on a road
as a stage carriage, an express carriage or a contract
carriage without any licence, permit, agreement or
consent otherwise required, and notwithstanding that
the vehicle does not comply with regulations made
1960 с. 16.
under section 160 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 or
with such of the regulations made under section 40
1972 с. 20.
of the Road Traffic Act 1972 as would not apply to
the vehicle if it were not so used ;
( b) drive or act as conductor of a public service vehicle
without being licensed to do so under section 144 of
the Road Traffic Act 1960 or employ a person not so
licensed to drive or act as conductor of any such
vehicle ;
( c ) act , or cause or permit a person to act, as the driver
of a passenger vehicle without complying with the
requirements of subsections (1) to (6) of section 96 of
1968 с. 73 .
the Transport Act 1968 .
(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for
modifying or excluding any obligation or restriction imposed, or
extending any power conferred, by or under any enactment
which directly or indirectly affects the supply or use of a
substance to which this Act applies .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3)
above, an Order in Council under that subsection may make
such provision for modifying an order under section 2 of the
1973 с. 9.
Counter- Inflation Act 1973 as appears to Her Majesty to be
necessary or expedient for the purpose of such orders made or
directions given or to be given under section 2 of this Act as
regulate or specify the price at which a substance may be or is
to be supplied by any person.
( 5 ) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland the
preceding provisions of this section shall apply with such
Fuel and Electricity (Control ) Act 1973 c. 67
2243
modifications and adaptations as Her Majesty may by Order
in Council specify.
(6) Any Order in Council made under this section may be
varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council and any
statutory instrument by which such an Order is made shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
5 .-( 1 ) The following provisions of the Emergency Laws Application of
( Re -enactments and Repeals) Act 1964, that is to say, sections 7 provisions of
Emergency
( orders and directions), 8 ( notices, authorisations and proof of Laws
documents) , 9 (territorial extent of Part I ), 10 ( false documents ( Re -enactments
and false statements), 11 ( restrictions on disclosing information ) and Repeals)
and 12 (offences by corporations) shall have effect for the
Act 1964.
purposes of this Act as if in those provisions any reference to
1964 с. 60.
Part I of that Act were a reference to this Act.
( 2 ) Schedule 1 to that Act (production of documents) shall
have effect for the purposes of this Act as if-
( a) in paragraphs 1(3) and 2( 4) the words from " and liable "
to " both " were omitted ;
( b) in paragraph 2(3) the reference to that Act were a
reference to this Act ;
( c) paragraph 3 were omitted ;
( d ) any reference to the relevant section of that Act were a
reference to this Act ; and
(e) any reference to a competent authority were a reference
to a Government department (including a Northern
Ireland department) .
( 3) In the following provisions of this Act any reference to
an offence under this Act shall be construed as including an
offence under the provisions applied by subsections ( 1) and (2)
above.
6.- (1) Any person who-
Offences and
( a ) contravenes, or fails to comply with, this Act or any
penalties.order made, direction given or requirement imposed
under it ; or
(b ) wilfully obstructs any person exercising a power or
performing a duty, conferred or imposed on him
under this Act;
shall be guilty of an offence under this Act ; subject, however,
in the case of a requirement imposed by virtue of paragraph 1
of Schedule 1 to the Emergency Laws ( Re-enactments and
Repeals) Act 1964 as applied by section 5 of this Act , to the
proviso to sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph .
2244 Expenses.
Interpretation.
1934 с. 36.
Isle of Man
and Channel
Islands.
Duration of
Act .
c. 67
Fuel and Electricity ( Control ) Act 1973
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the operation of any other enact-
ment, any person who attempts to commit, conspires with any
other person to commit, or does any act or makes any state-
ment preparatory to the commission of, an offence under this
Act shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.
( 3) Proceedings against any person for an offence under this
Act may be taken before the appropriate court in the United
Kingdom having jurisdiction in the place where that person is
for the time being.
( 4 ) Any person guilty of an offence under this Act shall be
liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding £400, or to
both.
7. Any expenses incurred by a Government department in
consequence of this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by
Parliament.
8. In this Act " enactment" includes an enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland and " petroleum " has the same
meaning as in the Petroleum (Production) Act 1934.
9.-( 1 ) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this
Act shall extend to the Isle of Man or any of the Channel
Islands with such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as
may be specified in the Order.
( 2) An Order in Council under this section may be varied
or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.
10.-( 1 ) Sections 1 to 8 of this Act shall continue in force until
30th November 1974 and shall then expire unless continued in
force under the following provisions of this section.
(2) Her Majesty may, at any time while those sections are no
longer in force, by Order in Council provide that they shall
come into force again on such date as may be specified in the
Order and for such period not exceeding one year as may be
so specified.
(3) Her Majesty may, at any time while those sections are in
force, by Order in Council provide that they shall continue in
force, for such period not exceeding one year as may be specified
in the Order, beyond the date on which they would otherwise
expire.
( 4 ) An Order in Council under this section may be varied
or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.
Fuel and Electricity (Control ) Act 1973 c. 67
2245
(5 ) An Order in Council under this section shall be laid
before Parliament ; and unless it is approved by each House
before the expiration of a period of 28 days beginning with
the date on which it is made, it shall cease to have effect on
the expiration of that period, but without prejudice to the making
of a new Order in Council .
In reckoning any such period no account shall be taken
of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued
or during which the House of Commons is adjourned for more
than four days.
(6) Upon the expiry of sections 1 to 8 of this Act section 38 (2)
of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals) shall apply as 1889 c. 63 .
if those sections had been repealed by another Act.
11.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Fuel and Electricity Short title
( Control) Act 1973.
and extent.( 2) This Act extends to Northern Ireland .
2246 c. 68
DIEUET
PENSE
MON DROIT
International Sugar
Organisation Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 68
An Act to provide for the continued application to the
International Sugar Organisation of section 1 of the
International Organisations Act 1968 .
[ 19th December 1973 ]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Application
1. The termination of the membership of Her Majesty's
of s. 1 of the
Government in the United Kingdom of the International Sugar
International
Organisations Organisation shall not affect the application to that Organisation
Act 1968.
of section 1 of the International Organisations Act 1968 .
1968 с. 48.
Short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the International Sugar Organisa-
tion Act 1973 .
c. 69 2247
odmi
DIEUETMON DROU
HONI
PENSE
Northern Ireland
Constitution (Amendment)
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 69
An Act to provide that the number of persons who may
hold appointments under section 8 of the Northern
Ireland Constitution Act 1973 shall be increased to
fifteen of whom not more than eleven may be members
of the Northern Ireland Executive appointed in
accordance with this Act. [ 19th December 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1 ) For subsections ( 1 ) and (3) of section 8 of the Northern Amendment
Ireland Constitution Act 1973 ( which relates to the Northern of 1973 c. 36
Ireland Executive) there shall be substituted respectively the ss. 7 and 8 .
following subsections : -
(1) The Northern Ireland Executive shall consist of the
chief executive member and not more than ten other
members.
( 3) The chief executive member and the heads of the
Northern Ireland departments shall be appointed by the
Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty and, subject to
the limit imposed by subsection ( 1) above on the number of
members of the Executive, the Secretary of State may likewise
appoint-
(a ) the head of a Northern Ireland department to be
a member of the Executive ; and
2248
c. 69 Northern Ireland Constitution ( Amendment) Act 1973
Short title.
( b ) such number of additional persons (if any ) as he
thinks fit to discharge, as members of the Executive
or otherwise, such functions as he may determine ;
but the total number of persons at any time holding appoint-
ments under this section shall not exceed fifteen .
( 2 ) In section 7( 3) of that Act ( which provides for such of
Her Majesty's powers relating to transferred matters as She may
delegate to the Secretary of State to be exercised through members
of the Northern Ireland Executive and the Northern Ireland
departments) for the words " members of the Northern Ireland
Executive established by this Act " there shall be substituted the
66
words persons appointed under section 8 below " ; and in
section 7(4) of that Act (which requires a member of the Executive
who is head of a Northern Ireland department to carry out the
consultations there mentioned in connection with the affairs of
his department) for the words from " A member " to " head "
there shall be substituted the words " The head " .
2. This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland Constitution
( Amendment) Act 1973.
TABLE IV
Tables of the Derivations and Destinations of the
Consolidation Acts of 1973
These Tables have no official status. They are intended only as a help
in tracing the derivations of the consolidation Acts and the destinations of
the enactments consolidated.
CONTENTS
Page
ii
Costs in Criminal Cases Act (c. 14 )... ... ... ... ...
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act ( c. 19)... ... ... viii
Matrimonial Causes Act (c. 18)... ... ... ... ... xvi
Powers of Criminal Courts Act (c. 62 )... ... ... ... xxxiv
Part III S
ii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT 1973 (c. 14 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table-
1952 = The Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952
( 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 48)
1967 The Criminal Justice Act 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
1968 = The Criminal Appeal Act 1968
( 1968 с. 19 )
1971 = The Courts Act 1971
( 1971 с. 23 )
1972 The Criminal Justice Act 1972
( 1972 с. 71)
Section of
1973 Act
Derivation
1( 1) - (4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
1952 s . 5(1 )-(4) ; 1971 Sch. 6 paras. 1(1) , (2) .
1971 Sch. 6 para. 1 ( 3) .
1952 s. 5 (5 ) .
1952 s. 5(6) ; 1967 s . 32(4).
2 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) , ( 4 )
( 5 )
1952 s . 6(1) .
1952 s. 6(1) ; Decimal Currency Act 1969 (c. 19) s. 10( 1).
1952 s. 6( 2) , ( 3 ) .
1952 s . 6(4 ) ; 1971 s. 56(2) , Sch. 9.
3(1)- (6 ) 1971 s . 47(1) - (6 ) .
( 7 )
( 8 )
( 9 )
1971 s. 57(1) .
1967 s . 32(4) ; 19 s. 47(7) , Sch . 6 para. 9(2) .
1971 s. 47 ( 8) .
4
5(1 ), (2)
( 3 )
6 ( 1), ( 3 )
( 2 )
7 ( 1)- ( 3) ( 4 ) 8( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 9 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
10 (1 ), ( 2)
( 3)
11( 1 )
( 2 )
12 ( 1)- (4 )
( 5 )
1971 s . 48.
1971 s. 49(1 ), (2) .
1971 s. 49( 4 ).
1971 s. 49(3) ; 1972 Sch. 3 .
1971 s. 49( 4 ) ; 1972 Sch. 3 .
1968 ss. 24, 51 (1) ; 1972 Sch. 3 .
1968 s . 28(2) ; 1972 Sch. 3 .
1968 ss. 26, 51 ( 1) ; 1971 Sch. 6 para. 11 .
1968 ss. 27, 51 (1) ; 1971 Sch . 6 para. 11 .
1968 s. 28(2) .
1968 ss . 25(1 ), 51 (1).
1968 s. 25(2) .
1968 s. 28(2) .
1968 ss . 39, 51 (1) ; 1972 Sch. 3 .
1968 s . 41( 2) ; 1972 Sch. 3.
1968 ss. 40, 51 ( 1 ) .
1968 ss. 41 (2), 51 (1) ; 1972 Sch. 3 .
1971 s . 52.
1952 s . 13 ; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 2.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT -cont.
iii
Section of
1973 Act
Derivation
13-16
17
18(1)
( 2 ), ( 3)
( 4 )
( 5 )
19 ( 1) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
20 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) 1971 Sch . 6 pага. 2.
1952 s. 12; 1968 Sch. 5 ; 1971 Sch. 6 para. 3.
1952 s. 14(1); Mental Health Act 1959 (c. 72) Sch . 7 Pt. I ; 1971
Sch. 8 para. 2.
1952 s. 14(2), ( 3) ; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 2.
1967 s. 31(1) ; 1972 Sch. 5.
1967 s. 31( 2 ) ; 1971 Sch. 6 para. 8 .
1968 ss. 28(1), 51 (1 ).
1968 ss. 41(1), 51(1).
1952 s. 16 (2) ; 1971 Sch. 6 para. 5.
1952 s. 17(1).
1952 s. 17(2) ; 1968 Sch. 5; 1971 Sch. 6 para. 5.
1952 s . 17(3) ; Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 (c. 55) Sch. 5.
1968 s. 45(1).
PartIII S2
iv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT 1973 (c. 14 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
Note: The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page ii above.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
1 , 2 COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT 1952
( 15 & 16 Geo . 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 48 )
Awards by assizes and quarter
sessions .
Repealed 1971 s. 56( 4 ), Sch. 11
Pt. III .
5 Awards by Court ofAppeal.
4 Awards by House of Lords .
5 Awards by magistrates' courts
out of local funds .
1
6 Costs awarded by magistrates'
courts as between parties.
2
7 Central funds. 13
8 Payment of costs ordered by 14
superior courts to be paid
out of central funds.
9 Payment of costs ordered by
magistrates ' courts to be
paid out ofcentral funds.
15
10 Payment of costs ordered to
be paid out of central funds
and by a party.
16
11 Payment out of local funds.-
12 Regulations. 17
13 Person not tried after com-
mittal.
12 ( 5 )
14
( 1 )
Applications and exclusion. 18 ( 1 )
Repealed 1968 s. 54, Sch. 7.
Repealed 1971 s . 56(4), Sch. 11
Pt. III .
Extended 1967 s . 32( 4) .
Amended and repealed in part
1971 ss. 51 ( 2), 56(4), Sch. 6 para.
1, Sch. 11 Pt. III .
Amended Decimal Currency Act
1969 (c. 19 ) s. 10 (1) ; 1971 s .
56 (2 ) , Sch. 9.
Substituted 1971 s. 51( 2 ), Sch. 6
para. 2.
Substituted 1971 s. 51( 2), Sch. 6
para. 2.
Substituted 1971 s. 51 ( 2 ), Sch. 6
para. 2.
Substituted 1971 s. 51( 2), Sch. 6
para. 2.
Repealed 1971 s. 56( 4), Sch. 11
Pt. III.
Substituted 1968 s. 52(1), Sch. 5
Pt. I.
Amended 1971 s. 51 (2), Sch. 6
para. 3.
Amended 1971 s. 56( 1), Sch. 8
para. 2.
( 2) , (3)
( 4 ) Amended Mental Health Act 1959
( c. 72 ) s. 149(1), Sch. 7 Pt. I;
1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 2.
Repealed in part Criminal Justice
Administration Act 1962 ( c. 15 )
s. 20(2), Sch . 5 Pt. II .
18( 2 ), (3) Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8
18 ( 4 ) para. 2. Substituted 1972 s. 64(1), Sch. 5.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations V
COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT -cont.
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
15
COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT 1952 -continued
Cases tried in Queen's Bench
Repealed 1971 s. 56( 4), Sch. 11
Division.
Pt. III .
16
( 1 )
Savings.
Repealed 1967 s. 103( 2), Sch. 7
( 2 )
( 3 )
Pt. I.
19
Amended 1971 s. 51 (2), Sch. 6
-
рага. 5. Repealed 1967 s. 103( 2 ), Sch. 7
Pt. I.
17 (1) Interpretation.
20 (1 )
( 2 ) 20 ( 2 )
( 3 ) 20 ( 3)
( 4 )
-
( 5 )
-
( 6 )
Repealed in part 1972 s. 64( 2),
Sch . 6 Pt. II .
Amended 1968 s. 52(1), Sch. 5
Pt. I; 1971 s. 51( 2), Sch. 6
para. 5.
AmendedMagistrates' Courts Act
1952 (c. 55 ) s . 131, Sch. 5.
Repealed in part 1972 s. 64( 2),
Sch. 6 Pt. II.
Repealed 1971 s. 56( 4) Sch. 11
Pt. III.
Repealed 1967 s. 103( 2 ), Sch. 7
Pt. I.
18 Repeal and consequential pro-
visions.
19 Citation, extent and com-
mencement.
MAGISTRATES' COURTS ACT 1952
( 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55)
Sch . 5 (part) | Amendment of Costs in
20 ( 3 )
Criminal Cases Act 1952
s. 17( 3) .
Sch. 7 (part) | Amendment of
Criminal Cases
s. 14 (1).
MENTAL HEALTH ACT 1959
( 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72 )
Costs in
Act 1952 18( 1)
31 ( 1 )
( 2 )
Probation orders, etc.
Recognizances.
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
18 ( 4 )
18 ( 5 )
32 ( 2 ) (part ) Written medical reports.-
32 ( 4 ) Amendment of Costs in
Criminal Cases Act 1952
ss. 1, 5.
Part III
1( 7 ) ,
3 ( 8 )
Amended 1971 s. 51( 2 ), Sch. 6
para. 8.
Spent in part.
Amended 1971 s. 51(2), Sch. 6
para. 9(1).
[ See Act Sch. 1 para. 4. ]
Amended 1971 s. 51( 2 ), Sch. 6
para. 9( 2).
S3
vi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT -cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
CRIMINAL APPEAL ACT 1968
( 1968 с. 19 )
24 Awards on appeal to Court of
Appeal.
( 1 )
( 2 ), ( 3) 25 Costs on dismissal of appeal. 7( 2), (3) 7 ( 1 )
9(1 ), (2 )
Substituted 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3.
26 Witnesses' expenses . 8( 1) Amended 1971 s. 51 (2), Sch. 6
рага. 11.
27 Expenses of appellant's
appearance.
8( 2 ) Amended 1971 s. 51(2 ), Sch. 6
para. 11.
28 Supplementary.
( 1 )
( 2 )
19 ( 1)
7( 4), 8( 3),
9 ( 3)
( 3 )
Amended 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3.
Repealed 1971 s. 56( 4), Sch. 11
Pt. III .
31( 2)( g) Powers exercisable by single
Amended 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3.
judge.
[See Act Sch. 1 para. 5(a) . ]
39 Awards on appeals to House 10 ( 1), ( 2) Substituted 1972 s . 39, Sch. 3.
ofLords.
40 Costs against defendant. 11( 1)
41 Supplementary.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) 19 ( 2 )
10 (3 ), Amended 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3 .
11( 2 )
44 ( d ) Powers exercisable by single
judge.
- Inserted 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3 .
[See Act Sch. 1 para. 5( b) . ]
Sch. 5 (part) Amendment of Costs in
Criminal Cases Act 1952. [ See enactments amended.]
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE ACT 1970
( 1970 с. 31)
Sch. 9 Enforcement of orders.
para. 5 | [See Act Sch. 1 para . 6. ]
47 48 COURTS Aст 1971
( 1971 с. 23)
Awards by Crown Court out
ofcentral funds .
Awards by Crown Court as
between parties .
4
3 [See 1967 s . 32(4) . ]
Tables of Derivations and Destinations COSTS IN CRIMINAL CASES ACT -cont.
vii
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
COURTS ACT 1971-continued .
49 Awards by Divisional Court
and House of Lords .
(1), ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) 51(1 ), (2) Construction and consequen-
( part ) tial amendments.
52(part) Awards where information or
complaint not proceeded
with .
12 ( 1) - ( 4)
Amendments relating to costs .
5( 1), ( 2 )
6 ( 1), ( 2)
5( 3), 6(3) Substituted 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3.
Amended 1972 s. 39, Sch. 3.
Sch. 6 paras. 1-5 ,
8
para. 9( 1)
( part )
paras. 9( 2 ) ,
11
Sch. 9 (part) Transfer of jurisdiction to 2 ( 5 )
Crown Court.
[ See enactments amended . ]
[ See Act Sch. 1 para. 4. ]
[ See enactments amended. ]
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1972
( 1972 с. 71)
Amendments relating to costs.
39, Sch. 3, Sch. 5
( part )
[ See enactments amended; and
Act Sch. 1 , paras. 5, 6. ]
Part III S4
viii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT 1973
( c. 19 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Notes
1. The derivation column does not acknowledge section 3(1 )
of the Post Office Act 1969 (c. 48), which converts " Postmaster
General " into " Minister of Posts and Telecommunications "
throughout the Television Act 1964 (c. 21) .
2. The following abbreviations are used in this Table-
1964= The Television Act 1964
( 1964 с. 21)
1968
= The National Loans Act 1968
( 1968 с. 13)
1969
= The Post Office Act 1969
( 1969 с. 48 )
1971
= The Industrial Relations Act 1971
1972 ( 1971 с. 72 )
= The Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
( 1972 с. 31 )
1972 ( c. 11)= The Superannuation Act 1972
( 1972 с. 11 )
1972 (c. 70 ) = The Local Government Act 1972
( 1972 с. 70 )
S. R. & Ο. 1964 = The Ministries (Transfer of Functions) ( No. 2) Order
No. 205 ( N.I. )
Northern Ireland )
1964 .
S.I. 1968/729
= The Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity
Order 1968 .
S.I. 1968/1656
S.I. 1970/1537
S.I. 1971/309
= The Minister for the Civil Service Order 1968 .
The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Order 1970.=
= The Television Act 1964 ( Additional Payments) Order 1971 .
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
1( 1 ) ( 2 )
1964 s. 1(1) ; 1972 s. 1 (1), Sch. 1.
1964 s. 1(1) proviso .
( 3 )
1964 s. 1(2 ).
2 ( 1 )
1964 s. 1( 3) ; 1972 s . 2(1), Sch. 1 .
( 2 )
1964 s. 1(4 ) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 3), ( 4 )
1964s. 1( 5 ), ( 6 ).
3 ( 1 ) 1964 s. 2(1) ; 1972 Sch . 1 .
( 2 )- ( 4) 1964 s. 2(2) - (4).
( 5), (6 ) 1964 s. 2( 5 ) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 7 ) 1964 s. 2(6 ) ; 1969 s. 27.
4 ( 1 ) 1964 s. 3(1) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) - (6 ) 1964 s . 3(2) - (6 ) .
5 ( 1 ) 1964 s. 4(1); 1972 Sch . 1 .
( 2 ) 1964 s. 4 ( 2 ) .
6 ( 1 ) 1964 s. 5(1) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) - (6 ) 1964 s . 5(2)-(6 ) .
7 1964 s. 6.
8 1964 s. 7.
9 1964 s. 8.
10
1964 s. 9.
11(1) - (5)
1964 s . 9A(1)-(5) ; 1972 s. 3.
( 6 ), ( 7)
1964 s . 9A(6 ) ; 1972 s . 3 ; 1972 (c. 70 ) s . 179, Sch. 30.
( 8 )
1972 (c. 70) s. 254.
12 ( 1 )
1964 s. 10 (1 ).
( 2 ), (3)
1964 s. 10(1A), (2 ) ; 1972 s . 6(1) .
( 4 )
1964 s. 10(2A); 1972 s. 6(2).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT -cont.
ix
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
12(5), (6 )
( 7 )
( 8)
13( 1 ) - (5)
( 6 )
( 7 )
14
15( 1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
16 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
1964 s. 10(3), (3A) ; 1972 s. 6(3).
1964 s. 10 ( 4).
1964 s. 10 (5) ; 1972 s. 6 (4 ) .
1964 s. 11 (1)- (5) .
1964 s. 11(6 ) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
1964 s. 11(7 ).
1964 s. 12.
1964 s. 15(1); 1972 Sch. 1 .
1964 s. 15(2 ) .
1964 s. 15(3); 1972 Sch. 1 .
1964 s. 16(1) ; S.I. 1968/729 ; 1971 s. 124(2).
1964 s. 16 ( 2 ) .
1964 s . 16(3) ; S. R. & O. 1964 No. 205 ( Ν.Ι.) ; S.I. 1968/729 ;
1971 s. 124 ( 2 ).
17
1972 s. 7.
18
1972 s. 8.
19
1972 s. 9.
20
1972 s. 10.
21(1 ), (2)
1964 s. 17(1), (2) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 3) - (5)
1964 s. 17(3)-(5) .
22 (1 ) - (7)
1964 s. 18(1)- (7 ).
( 8 )
1964 s . 18(8) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
23( 1 ), ( 2)
1964 s . 19(1 ), (2) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 3 )
1964 s. 19( 3) .
24
1964 s . 20.
25 1964 s . 20A; 1972 s. 4.
26 ( 1 ) 1964 s. 13(1); 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) ( 3) 1964 s. 13(2) ; 1968 s. 1(8).
1964 s. 13( 3).
( 4 ) 1964 s . 13( 4); S.I. 1971/309.
( 5 ) - (7 ) 1964 s . 13(5)-(7) .
( 8)- (10 )
1964 s. 13(8).
27(1)
1964 s. 14 (1) ; 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 )
1964 s. 14(5 ) ; 1972 s . 5(6).
( 3 )
1964 s. 14( 2 ); 1972 Sch . 1 .
( 4), ( 5 )
1964 s. 14 (3), (4) ; 1968 s. 1 (8).
( 6 )
1972 s . 5( 6 ) .
28(1) - (5)
1972 s . 5(1 )-(5) .
(6 ), ( 7)
1972 s . 5(7), (8).
29 (1 )
1964 s. 21(3) ; 1972 Sch . 1 .
( 2 )
1964 s. 21(4
21( 4); 1968 s. 1( 8) .
( 3 ) ,( 4 )
1964 s . 21 (5), (6 ) ; 1972 Sch. 1.
30
1972 s. 11(1)-( 4) .
31( 1) 1964 s. 22 (1) .
( 2 )
1964 s . 22(2) ; S.I. 1970/1537.
( 3) - (5 )
1964 s . 22(3)-(5) .
32 (1) 1964 s. 23(1).
( 2 ) 1964 s . 23( 2); S.I. 1968/729.
( 3 ) 1964 s. 23( 3) ; S. R. & Ο. 1964 No. 205 (N.I. ) ; S.I. 1968/729.
33 1964 s. 24.
34 1964 s. 25; 1972 Sch. 1.
35 1964 s. 26.
36 1964 s. 27.
37 ( 1 ) 1964 s. 28(1) ; 1972 s. 2( 3), Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) 1972 s . 2( 4) , Sch . 1 .
( 3 ) 1964 s. 28( 2 ) .
( 4 ) 1972 s . 13( 3) .
38 1972 s. 1( 2 ).
39 [ Repeals, revocation and savings . ]
40 ( 1) [ Short title.]
( 2 ) 1964 s . 30(2) ; 1972 s. 13( 4).
( 3 ) 1964 s. 30 ( 3); 1972 s. 13(5).
( 4 ) [ Commencement. ]
X Tables of Derivations and Destinations
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT -cont.
Section of
1973 Act
Derivation
Sch. 1
para. 1
2
3
4-6
7
8,9
1964 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
1964 Sch. 1 para. 2; S.I. 1968/1656.
1964 Sch. 1 para. 3; 1972 Sch. 1 .
1964 Sch. 1 paras. 4-6.
1964 Sch. 1 para. 7; 1972 (c. 11) s. 22, Sch. 4, Sch. 6 pага. 44.
1964 Sch. 1 paras. 8, 9.
Sch. 2
paras . 1-8 9
1964 Sch. 2 paras. 1-8.
1964 Sch. 2 para. 9; 1972 Sch. 1 .
Sch. 3
[ Repeals and revocation . ]
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xi
THE INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT 1973
( c. 19 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
Notes
1. Section 3(1) of the Post Office Act 1969 (c. 48 ) converts " Postmaster
General " into " Minister of Posts and Telecommunications " throughout
the Television Act 1964 (c. 21). Effect is given to this in the many
contexts affected, but the provision is not noted against them in
column 4.
2. The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page viii above.
Section of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE TELEVISION ACT 1964
( c. 21 )
Constitution and functions of
Authority. 1( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) ( 5 ), ( 6 ) 1(1), (2) Amended 1972 s. 1 (1), Sch. 1 .
1 ( 3 )
2 (1 ) Amended 1972 s . 2(1), Sch. 1 .
2 ( 2 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
2 ( 3) , ( 4 )
2 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) - (4 )
( 5 )
( 6 ) Powers of Authority. 3 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
3( 2 ) - (4)
3(5), (6 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
3( 7) Repealed in part 1969 Sch.
11 .
3 ( 1) General provisions with respect to
content of programmes .
4 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 )- (6 ) 4 ( 2) - (6 )
4 ( 1 ) Code for programmes other than
advertisements.
5 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) 5 ( 2 )
5 ( 1 ) Submission of programme schedules 6 ( 1 ) Substituted 1972 Sch. 1 .
for Authority's approval.
( 2 ) - (6 ) 6 ( 2 ) - (6 )
6 Programme prizes . 7
7 Advertisements. 8
8 Code for advertisements. 9
9 Advisory committees. 10 Proviso to subsection (7)
spent.
xii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT -cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE TELEVISION ACT 1964 -continued
9A(1 )-(5) | Local advisory committees for local 11(1)-(5) | Inserted 1972 s. 3.
sound broadcasts.
( 6 ) 11( 6 ), ( 7 ) Inserted 1972 s. 3; amended
and repealed in part 1972
( c. 70 ) s. 179, Sch. 30.
10 (1 ) ( 1A ) ( 2 ) ( 2A ) ( 3 ) ( 3A ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) Duties of Authority in relation to
contracts for programmes.
12 ( 1 )
12 ( 2 ) Inserted 1972 s. 6(1) .
12 ( 3 ) Substituted 1972 s. 6( 1).
124 12 ( 4 ) Inserted 1972 s. 6(2) .
( 2 ) .
12 ( 5 ) Amended 1972 s. 6( 3) .
12 ( 6 ) Inserted 1972 s. 6( 3).
12 ( 7 )
12 ( 8) Inserted 1972 s. 6( 4).
11(1) - (5) Provisions to be included in contracts 13(1 )- (5)
for programmes.
( 6 ) ( 7 ) 13 (6 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
13( 7 )
12 Newspaper shareholdings in pro- 14
gramme contractor.
13 ( 1 ) Rental payments by programme con-
tractor.
26 ( 1) Amended 1970 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) 26 ( 2 ) Explained 1968 s. 1 (8) .
( 3 ) 26 (3)
( 4 ) 26 ( 4 ) Amended S.I. 1971/309 .
( 5 ) - (7 ) 26(5)-(7)
( 8 ) 26 ( 8) - (10 )
14 ( 1 ) Provisions supplemental to section 13 . 27 (1) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) 27 ( 5 )
( 3 ) 27 ( 2 ) Amended 1972 Sch . 1 .
( 4 ), ( 5 ) 27(3 ), (4) Explained 1968 s . 1(8).
15 ( 1 ) Buying and selling of programmes
by programme contractor.
15 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
3 ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 16 ( 1 ) 15 ( 2 )
15 ( 3 ) Inserted 1972 Sch. 1 .
Wages and conditions of employment
ofpersons employed by programme
contractor.
( 2 )
( 3)
16 ( 1 ) Functions transferred S.I.
1968/729 ; amended 1971
s. 124( 2 ).
16 ( 2 ) Amended 1971 s. 124( 2 ) .
16 ( 3) Functions transferred S.R.
& Ο. 1964 No. 205 ( Ν.Ι.) ;
S.I. 1968/729; amended
1971 s. 124(2).
17( 1), (2 ) Government control over Authority 21(1), ( 2) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
as to hours of broadcasting.
( 3 )- (5 ) 21(3)-(5)
18( 1) - (7) Government control over Authority 22( 1)-(7)
as to certain other matters.
( 8 ) 22 ( 8) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xiii
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT -cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
19(1), (2 )
THE TELEVISION ACT 1964 -continued
Prevention of exclusive arrangements | 23(1), ( 2) | Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
for televising events of national
interest.
( 3 ) 23( 3)
20 Co-operation of Authority with 24
British Broadcasting Corporation
in use of broadcasting stations.
20A Television and sound broadcasting
to be separately financed .
25 Inserted 1972 s. 4.
21(1), ( 2)
( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5), (6 ) Finances of Authority.- Repealed 1972 Sch. 2.
29 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
29 ( 2 ) Explained 1968 s. 1(8).
29( 3), ( 4) Inserted 1972 Sch. 1.
22 ( 1 ) 2 ( 2 ) Accounts, audit and reports. ( 3 ) - (5 ) 31 ( 1)
31( 2) Functions transferred S.I.
1970/1537.
31( 3)- (5)
23( 1 ) Machinery for settling terms and
conditions ofemployment of Autho-
rity'sstaff, etc.
32 (1)
( 2 ) 32 ( 2 )
( 3 ) 32 ( 3)
Functions transferred S.I.
1968/729.
Functions transferred S.R.
& Ο. 1964 No. 205 (Ν.Ι.) ;
S.I. 1968/729.
24 Audience research . 33
25 Second television service provided by
Authority.
34 Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
26 Approval by Authority. 35
27 Variation and revocation of direc-
tions and notices.
36
28(1) Interpretation. 37 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 37 ( 3 )
Inserted 1972 Sch. 1; un-
necessary.
29 Repeals, consequential amendments
and savings.
30 ( 1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 )
Short title, extent and commencement
Sch. 1 40 ( 2 )
40 ( 3 )
Provisions as to Independent Tele-
Sch. 1
vision Authority.
рага. 1 para. 1
2 рага. 2 Functions transferred S.I.
1968/1656.
3 para. 3 Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
xiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT -cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
Sch. 1
para. 4
5,6
7
THE TELEVISION ACT 1964 -continued
Sch. 1
para. 4
para. 5, 6
para. 7
Spent in part.
Amended 1972 (c. 11) s. 22,
Sch. 4, Sch. 6 рага. 44.
Sch. 2
para.
1-8
8,9 para. 8, 9
Rules as to advertisements. Sch. 2
para. 1-8
9 para. 9 Amended 1972 Sch. 1 .
THE SOUND BROADCASTING ACT 1972
( c. 31 )
1( 1 ) Independent Television Authority to 1 ( 1 )
be renamed Independent Broad-
casting Authority.
( 2 ) 38
2 (1 ) Provision by Authority of local
sound broadcasting services . 2 ( 1 )
( 2 ) Unnecessary.
( 3 ) 37 ( 1 )
( 4 ) 37( 2 )
3 Local advisory committees for local
sound broadcasts .
11 Amended 1972 ( c. 70 ) s. 179.
4 Television and sound broadcasting
to be separately financed by
Authority.
25
5 (1 ) - (5) Rental payments by sound pro- 28(1 )- (5)
gramme contractor.
( 6 ) ( 7 ), (8) 6 ( 1 ) Preservation of independence of 12(2), (3 )
broadcasting contractor.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 27 (6 )
28(6 ), (7 )
12 ( 4 )
12 (5), (6 )
12 ( 8)
17
7 Accumulation of interests in sound
programme contracts .
8 Special provisions as to newspaper
shareholdings in relation to local
sound broadcasts.
18
9 Provisions supplementary to section 8. 19
10 Information as to programme con-
tracts and applications for such
contracts.
20
11( 1) - ( 4 ) Advances to Authority for purposes
30
of local sound broadcasting, and
administrative expenses .
( 5 ) Unnecessary.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT-cont.
XV
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
12
THE SOUND BROADCASTING ACT 1972-continued
Minor and consequential amend-
ments and repeals .
13( 1), ( 2) Short title, citation, interpretation
extent and commencement.
( 3 ) ( 4 ) (5 ) ( 6 )
Sch. 1 Minor and consequential amend-
ments of Television Act 1964.
Sch. 2 Enactments repealed.
-
37 ( 4 ) 40 ( 2 )
40 ( 3 )
In part unnecessary.
xvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1973 (c. 18 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: -The following abbreviations are used in this Table-
1965 = The Matrimonial Causes Act 1965
( 1965 с. 72 )
1967 The Matrimonial Causes Act 1967
( 1967 с. 56 )
1969 = The Divorce Reform Act 1969
( 1969 с. 55 )
1970 = The Matrimonial Proceedings and Property Act 1970
( 1970 с. 45 )
1971 = The Nullity of Marriage Act 1971
( 1971 с. 44 )
1972 = The Matrimonial Proceedings (Polygamous Marriages) Act 1972
( 1972 с. 38)
R (followed by = The recommendation set out in the paragraph of that number
anumber ) in the Appendix to the Report of the Law Commission
( Cmnd. 5167 )
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
1 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 2 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 1969 s. 1.
1969 s. 2 (1) .
1969 s. 2(2) .
1969 s . 2( 3).
1965 s. 5(7 ) .
1969 s . 3(3)(b) .
1969 s. 3( 3) ( a ).
1969 s. 3( 4) .
1969 s. 2(4 ) .
1969 s. 3(5 ) .
1969 ss. 2(5), 3(6 ) .
1969 s. 2( 6 ).
3 (1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1965 s. 2(1).
1965 s. 2( 2 ) ; 1970 s. 35.
1965 s. 5(5) .
1965 s . 2(3) .
4 1965 s . 3; 1969 s. 9(1), Sch. 1, para. 1 .
5 1969 s. 4; R.1.
6 1969 s . 3(1) , (2).
7 1969 s. 7(1).
8 1965 s. 6.
9 1965 s. 7.
10 ( 1 ) ( 2 )- ( 4 ) 1969 s. 5; R.1 .
1969 s. 6; R.1.
11( a )- (c )
( d )
1971 s. 1.
1972 s. 4.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
xvii
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
12 1971 s. 2.
13 1971 s. 3.
14 1971 s. 4.
15 1965 s. 10.
16 1971 s. 5.
17(1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
18 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
AM
19 (1) - (5)
( 6 )
1965 s . 12( 1 ) ; 1969 s . 8(1), (2) .
1965 s. 12 (1) ; 1969 s. 8(2), (3) ; 1970 s. 42(1), Sch . 2, para. 4.
1965 s . 12 ( 1); 1969 s. 8( 2 ) .
1965 s . 12( 2) .
1970 s. 40 (1) .
1970 s. 40 ( 2 ) .
1965 s. 14.
1971 s. 6 (2 ) .
20
1965 s . 5(6 ) ; 1969 s . 9(1), Sch. 1 , para. 3 .
21
22
1970 s. 1.
23(1) 1970 ss . 2(1), 3 (1 )(a), (2) .
( 2 ) 1970 s. 3(1).
( 3 ) 1970 ss . 2(2), 3(3), (4).
( 4 ) 1970 s. 3(5) .
( 5 ) 1970 s . 24( 1)(b) .
24 ( 1) , ( 2 )
1970 s. 4.
( 3 )
1970 s . 24(1)(b).
25 1970 s . 5.
26 1970 s. 24.
27(1)- (7) 1970 s. 6.
( 8 ) 1965 s . 42(1), (3 ).
28 1970 s. 7.
29 1970 s. 8.
30 1970 s. 25.
31 1970 s. 9.
32 1970 s. 10.
33( 1) - ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1970 s. 11 .
1970 s . 34(1) .
1970 s. 11 .
34 1970 s. 13.
35 1970 s. 14.
36 1970 s. 15.
37 ( 1 ) ( 2 ), ( 3) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 1970 s. 16 ( 4 ) .
1970 s. 16 (1) .
1970 s. 16 (2 ) .
1970 s. 16 (3) .
1970 s. 16 ( 4 ) .
1970 s. 16 (5 ).
xviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRINOMIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
38(1 ) - (3)
( 4 )
( 5 ) - (7 )
1970 s. 22.
1970 s. 34 (1).
1970 s. 22.
39 1970 s. 23 .
40 1970 s. 26.
41 1970 s. 17.
42 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 1970 s. 18(1).
1970 s. 19(1) .
1970 s. 18(3).
1970 s. 18(4).
1970 ss. 18(2), 19(2) .
1970 ss. 18(5), 19(1 ).
1970 ss. 18(6 ), 19(2) .
43(1) -(7)
( 9 )
1965 s. 36; Criminal Justice Act 1967 c. 80 s. 92, Sch. 3, Part I ;
1970 s . 42(1 ) , Sch. 2, para. 1 (2) ; Local Government Act 1972
c. 70 s . 273, Sch. 23, para. 13(1) ; R.2.
( 8 )
44
1965 s . 37; 1970 s. 42(1) , Sch. 2, para. 1(2), ( 3) ; Local Govern-
ment Act 1972 c. 70 s. 273, Sch. 23, para. 13(2).
45(1) - ( 8)
( 9 )
1965 s. 39.
Domestic and Appellate Proceedings ( Restriction of Publicity)
Act 1968 c. 63 s. 2(2) .
46
1965 s. 40; 1971 s. 7( 2).
47
1972 s . 1 .
48
1965 s. 43 .
49
1965 ss. 4, 44; 1969 s. 9( 1), Sch. 1 , para. 2; R.3.
50(1 ). (2 )
1967 s . 7(1 ) ; Administration of Justice Act 1970 c. 31 s. 1(6 ),
Sch. 2, para. 27; 1970 s. 42(1 ), Sch. 2, para. 2(2) ; Courts Act
1971 c. 23 s. 56(1 ), Sch. 8, para. 47; R.4.
( 1) (a )
1967 s . 7(1 )(a) to (d) ; 1970 s. 42(1), Sch. 2, para. 2(2) ; Courts
Act 1971 c. 23 s. 45( 7 ) ; R.4.
( b )
1967 s . 7(1)(c) ; R.4.
( c ) R.4.
( d )
1967 s . 7(1)(c ) ; R.4.
( 2 )( a)
1967 s. 7(1)(a), (d ) ; 1970 s. 42(1) , Sch . 2, рага. 2(2) ; R.4.
( b )
1967 s . 7(1)(c) ; R.4.
( c )
R.4.
( 3 )
1967 s. 7( 3) .
( 4 )
1967 s. 7(2).
( 5 )
1967 s. 10( 1) ; Administration of Justice Act 1970 c. 31 , Sch . 2,
para. 28.
51 1967 s. 8.
52 (1) 1970 s. 27(1) .
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
53
54
1970 s. 27(2) .
1970 s. 27( 3) ; 1972 s. 4( 2 ) .
[ Transitional provisions and savings . ]
[ Consequential amendments and repeals . ]
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
xix
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
55 [ Citation, commencement and extent. ]
Sch. 1 Transitional Provisions and Savings .
para. 1 1965, Sch . 1 , para. 1 .
2 1970, Sch. 1 , para. 1(a) .
3 1969 s. 10.
4
Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1970 c. 33 s . 7( 2) ;
5
1970, Sch. 1 , para. 2 ; R.5.
6
1970, Sch . 1 , para. 1 ( b) .
1971 s . 7( 4 ).
7 R.4.
8
1965 s. 12(1 ) , Sch. 1 , para. 2 ; 1969 ss . 8( 2), 9(1 ), Sch. 1 , para. 12.
9
1970, Sch. 1 , para. 7.
10 1970, Sch. 1 , para. 8.
11(1) 1965 s . 9(1).
( 2 ) 1965, Sch. 1 , para. 4.
( 3 ) 1965 s . 9(2) ; 1971 s. 3(4 ) .
( 4 ) 1965 s. 9(3) .
12 1965 s. 11 .
13 1970 s. 40(1) , (3).
14 1970 s. 29.
15 1970 s . 21 .
16 1970 s. 22(1).
17 1970, Sch . 1 , para . 3 (1 )-(4) .
18 1970, Sch. 1 , para. 3( 5) .
19 1970, Sch . 1 , para. 6.
20 1970, Sch . 1 , para. 11 ; R.6.
21 1970, Sch. 1 , para. 12.
22 1970, Sch. 1 , para. 4.
23 1970, s . 34(1 ), Sch. 1 , para. 5.
24 1970, Sch . 1 , para. 9; R.5.
25 1965 ss. 36, 37 ; R.5.
26 1965 s . 37(5) .
Sch. 2
Consequential Amendments.
para. 1 2
3(1)
1971 s . 7(2 ) .
1965 s . 38( 1) ; 1970 s . 12(1 ) ; Guardianship of Minors Act 1971
c. 3, Sch. 1.
( 2)
1965 s. 38( 2) ; 1970 s. 12(2) ; R.7 .
4
1970 s . 34 (2).
5(1)(a )
1970, Sch. 2, para. 1 (1).
(b)
1969, Sch. 1 , para. 8.
( c )
( 2)
6 ( 1)
1970, Sch. 2, para. 2(1).
( 2 ) 1969 s . 7( 2 ).
( 3 )
78
7 1970, Sch . 2, para. 3 .
9
10 ( 1 )
( 2) 11
1970 s . 12( 1 ) , Sch . 2, para. 5.
12
13
Sch. 3 Enactments repealed. R.8, 9, 10.
XX Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1973 (c. 18)
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
Note: The abbreviations used in the Table are set out on page xvi above.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1965
( 1965 с. 72 )
Note: All amendments and repeals of provisions of this Act made by the Divorce Reform
Act 1969 ( c. 55 ) were, by virtue of section 10 of that Act, subject to a saving with respect to
petitions for divorce or judicial separation presented before 1st January 1971, and the effect
of the saving is reproduced in para. 3 of Schedule 1 to the 1973 Act.
1
2
Grounds for petition.
-
Restriction on petitions for divorce | 3(1), (2),
within 3 years of marriage.
( 4 )
3 Divorce not precluded by previous
judicial separation.
4 Alleged adulterer as a party.
4
49
5( 1)- (4 ) ( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 ) Duty of court on hearing of petition
for divorce, consideration by court
of agreements between parties,
absolute and discretionary bars to
relief .
Power of court where leave to present
petition within 3 years of marriage
obtained by misrepresentation etc.
Relief for respondent in divorce
proceedings .
Decree of divorce to be a decree nisi
in the first instance.
-
3 ( 3 )
20 1 ( 5 )
6 Intervention of Queen's Proctor.
( 1)(a), (b)
( c )
Intervention in case of collusion.
8 ( 1 )
( 2), ( 3) Costs and expenses of Queen's Proc-
8(2), ( 3)
tor.
7 ( 1 )
( 2 )
Powers of court where making
absolute of a decree nisi is opposed.
Powers of court on application of
party against whom decree nisi
granted for decree to be made
absolute.
9 ( 1 )
9( 2 )
8 ( 1 )
( 2 )
Capacity to remarry after divorce.
Remarriage in church.
9
Additional grounds for decree of
nullity .
Sch. 1
para. 11
( 1 ), ( 3), ( 4 )
Repealed 1969 s. 9( 2), Sch. 2.
Amended 1970 s. 35.
Amended 1969 s. 9(1), Sch. 1
para. 1 .
Amended 1969 s . 9(1), Sch. 1
para. 2; R.3.
Repealed 1969 s. 9( 2), Sch. 2.
Amended 1969 s. 9(1), Sch. 1 ,
para. 3.
Repealed 1969 s. 9( 2 ), Sch. 2;
1971 s. 7( 3).
Repealed in part 1969 s. 9( 2 ),
Sch. 2; 1971 s. 7( 3).
R.8.
Not repealed by the Act.
Repealed 1971 s. 7(3), except
in relation to marriages
taking place before 1st
August 1971 .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
xxi
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
10
11
12 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1965 -cont.
Application of provisions with res-
pect to decree nisi, intervention of
Queen's Proctor, and powers of
court in proceedings after decree
nisi, to proceedings for nullity of
marriage.
Legitimacy of children of annulled
marriages.
Grounds for a petition for judicial
separation , and application thereto
of certain provisions applying to
divorce proceedings .
Effect of decree on obligation to
cohabit.
Rescission of decree of judicial
separation.
13 Restitution of conjugal rights.
15
Sch. 1
para. 12
17 ( 1),
( 2 ) , (3) ,
Sch. 1
рага. 8.
18( 1 )
-
Superseded as respects de-
crees granted after 31st
July 1971 by 1971 s. 5.
New subsection (1 ) sub-
stituted by 1969 s. 8(2).
R.9.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3, with saving as to pro-
ceedings pending at 1st
January 1971. See Sch. 1
para. 4 of the Act and R.5.
14
15
Presumption of death and dissolution
of marriage.
Interim orders for alimony.
19
16-19
Maintenance orders, application of
settled and other property, and
commencement of proceedings for
financial relief , in cases of divorce
and nullity.
20(1), ( 2) Alimony, etc., in cases of judicial
separation, and settlement of wife's
property in such cases.
( 3 )
Succession on wife's intestacy in case
ofjudicial separation.
( 4 ) Husband in default as to payment of
alimony to be liable for necessaries .
-
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2 ), Sch.
3, with saving as to pro-
ceedings for restitution of
conjugal rights pending
at 1st January 1971. See
Sch. 1 para. 4 of the Act
and R.5.
Repealed 1970 s. 42( 2), Sch.
3 .
-
Sch. 1
para. 13
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch .
3.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3, except where death oc-
curred before 1st August
1970.
Repealed 1970 ss. 41(2 ),
42 ( 2), Sch. 3.
xxii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
21
22
23
24 25
26-28A
29
30
31
32
33
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1965 -cont.
Alimony , periodical payments, and
settlement of wife's property in cases
of restitution of conjugal rights .
Repealed 1970 s. 42 ( 2 ), Sch.
3 , with saving as to pro-
ceedings for restitution of
conjugal rights pending at
1st January 1971. See Sch.
1 para. 4 of the Act and
R.5.
Neglect to maintain.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3 .
Validity of maintenance agreements .
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3 .
Alteration of agreements by court
- -
Repealed 1970 s. 42( 2), Sch.
during lives of parties.
3.
Alteration of agreements by court
after death of one party.
Maintenance from estate of deceased
former spouse.
Applications for ancillary relief.
Payment of alimony or maintenance
to trustees etc.
Variation and discharge of certain
orders for relief.
Avoidance of transactions intended
to prevent relief .
Restriction on decrees for dissolution
or separation affecting children.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3, except subsections ( 4) and
( 5 ) as applied by 1965 s.
28( 2 ) : exception preserved
by Sch. 3 to the Act.
Not repealed by the Act.
Repealed 1970 s. 42( 2), Sch.
3, with saving for rules
made thereunder as to pro-
ceedings for restitution of
conjugal rights pending at
1st January 1971. See
Sch. 1 para. 4 of the Act
and R.5.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2) , Sch.
3, with saving for applica-
tion of subsection (1) to
alimony ordered in pro-
ceedings for restitution of
conjugal rights pending at
1st January 1971. See
Sch. 1 para. 4 of the Act
and R.5.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3, with saving as to orders
made in proceedings for
restitution of conjugal
rights pending at 1st
January 1971. See R.5.
Repealed 1970 s. 42( 2),
Sch. 3.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2), Sch.
3, with saving ( spent ).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
xxiii
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
34
35
36
( 1 )
( 2 )- (5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
37
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3)
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1965 -cont .
Custodyand maintenance of children
affected by matrimonial suits .
Custody etc. of children in cases of
neglect.
Power to commit children to care of
local authority.
43
43 ( 1 )
Sch. 1
para. 25
-
-
43( 2) - (5)
43 ( 6 )
43 ( 7 )
Power to provide for supervision of
children .
44
44 ( 1 )
Sch. 1
para. 25
44 ( 2 )
- -
Repealed 1970 s. 42( 2), Sch.
3, with saving for applica-
tion of subsections ( 1 ) , ( 4 )
and (5 ) in relation to pro-
ceedings for restitution of
conjugal rights pending at
1st January 1971. See Sch .
1 para. 4 of the Act and
R.5.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2 ), Sch.
3.
Amended 1970 s. 42(1), Sch.
2para. 1 ( 2) ; Local Govern-
ment Act 1972 c. 70 Sch. 23,
para. 13(1) ; as to reference
to jurisdiction by virtue of
Part III of 1965, see R.5.
Extended Family Law Re-
form Act 1969 c. 46 s. 7( 3).
Amended Criminal Justice
Act 1967 c. 80 s. 92, Sch. 3
Part I; extended Family
Law Reform Act 1969 c. 46
s. 7( 3).
Amended 1970 s. 42(1 ), Sch.
2para. 1 (2) ; as to reference
to jurisdiction by virtue of
Part III of 1965, see R.5.
Extended Family Law Re-
formAct 1969 c. 46 s. 7( 4 ) ;
amended Local Govern-
ment Act 1972 c. 70 Sch. 23,
para. 13( 2 ).
Repealed Local Authority
Social Services Act 1970
c. 42 s. 14 (2), Sch. 3.
44 ( 3 )
44 ( 4 )
Sch. 1
рага. 26 44 ( 5 )
Amended 1970 s. 42 (1 ),
Sch. 2 para. 1 (3) .
38 Application of Maintenance Orders
Acts to orders under Part III .
( 1 ) Sch. 2
para. 3(1)
( 2 ) Sch. 2
para. 3(2 )
Repealed in part Adminis-
tration of Justice Act 1970
c. 31 s. 54( 3), Sch. 11 .
xxiv Section
of Act
Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1965 -cont.
39 Declarations of legitimacy etc. 45 Amended Domestic and Ap-
pellate Proceedings ( Re-
striction of Publicity ) Act
1968 c. 63 s. 2( 2 ) .
(1) - (8)
( 9 )
45 (1) - (8)
45 ( 9 ) New subsection added Dom-
estic and Appellate Pro-
ceedings ( Restriction of
Publicity ) Act 1968 c. 63
s. 2( 2).
40 Additionaljurisdiction in proceedings
by awife.
2 ( 1 )
( 2 )
41
Damages for adultery.
46
46 ( 1 )
46 ( 2 )
-
42 Condonation. 27 ( 8)
43 Evidence. 48
( 1 ) Evidence as to marital intercourse. 48( 1)
Amended 1971 s . 7(2).
Repealed Law Reform (Mis-
cellaneous Provisions) Act
1970 c. 33 s. 7(2), Schedule,
with saving. See Sch. 1
para. 4 of the Act.
Not repealed by the Act.
Words from " but a hus-
band" to end repealed in
relation to civil proceedings
Civil Evidence Act 1968 с.
64 s. 16 ( 4 ) , and not further
repealed by the Act.
Repealed in part Civil Evi-
dence Act 1968 c. 64 s. 16
( 5 ) ; unnecessary; R.10.
( 2 ) Competence of parties etc. to pro-
ceedings instituted in consequence
ofadultery.
( 3 ) Evidence of sexual capacity in nullity proceedings.
44 Power to allow intervention on terms . 45 Transitional provisions and repeals.
46 Short title, interpretation, commence-
ment and extent.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) 48 ( 2 )
49 ( 5 )
52 (1 )
Not repealed by the Act.
Amended 1969 s. 9(1 ), sch. 1
рага. 11; repealed Law
Reform ( Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act 1970 c. 33
s. 7(2), Schedule, so far as
applied for interpretation of
s. 41( 3), with saving ( see
Sch. 1 para. 4 of the Act) ;
repealed 1970 S. 42 ( 2 ) ,
Sch. 3, except so far as
applied for interpretation of
s. 41( 3), with saving for
application in relation to
proceedings for restitution
of conjugal rights pending
at 1st January 1971. See
R.5.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
XXV
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1965 -cont.
46 ( 3 )
46 ( 3 ) Short title, interpretation, commence-
ment und extent. -cont.
55 ( 3)
Spent .
Words from " this Act does
not " not repealed by the
Act.
Sch. 1
para. 1
Transitional provisions.
2
Sch. 1
para. 1
Sch. 1
para. 8
3
Amended 1969 s. 9(1),
9 ( 1), Sch. 1
para . 12 ; not re -enacted by
the Act in application to
s. 1(1)(a)(ii ) of 1965, but
saved in relation to petition
for divorce or judicial sep-
aration presented before 1st
January 1971 by para. 3
of Sch. 1 to the Act.
Not re-enacted by the Act,
but saved as mentioned
above in connection with
para. 2.
4
-
5-7
Sch. 1
para. 11 ( 2 )
-
8
9-11
Repealed 1970 s . 42( 2), Sch.
3 .
Spent . Repealed 1970 s. 42( 2), Sch.
3.
Sch. 2 Repeals.- Spent .
THE MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT 1967
( 1967 с. 56 )
7 Matrimonial causes rules .
50
( 1 )
50( 1), ( 2) Amended Administration of
Justice Act 1970 c. 31 s. 1(6 ),
Sch. 2 para. 27; 1970
s. 42(1 ), Sch. 2 para. 2(2) ;
amended and extended
Courts Act 1971 c. 23
ss. 45(7), 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 47; amended R.4.
( 2 )
( 3 )
8
Sch. 3
Pt. I,
entry
relating
to
s. 36 ( 6 )
of1965.
50 ( 4 )
50 ( 3)
Fees in proceedings to which matri-
monial causes rules apply.
51
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
Increase offine which maybe imposed
43 ( 6 )
on parent etc. of child in care for
failure to inform local authority of
his address.
xxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
2 ( 2 ) THE DOMESTIC AND APPELLATE PROCEEDINGS (RESTRICTION OF PUBLICITY ) ACT 1968
( 1968 с. 63)
Amendment of1965 s. 39, authorising
45 ( 9 )
proceedings thereunder to be in
camera.
3 ( 4 )- Omission of s. 2( 2) in application of
s . 2 to Scotland.
Spent with repeal of s. 2(2).
THE DIVORCE REFORM Аст 1969
( 1969 с. 55 )
1 Breakdown of marriage to be sole
ground for divorce. 1(1 )
2 ( 1) - (3) Facts from which breakdown may be
1( 2 ) - ( 4)
presumed, inquiry by court and
grant ofdecree.
( 4 ) Continuance of desertion in case of 2 ( 4 )
incapacity.
( 5 ) Living apart. 2 ( 6 )
( 6 ) Rules of court to ensure proper in-
2 ( 7)
formation for person consenting
to decree in 2 year separation case.
3
Provisions designed to encourage
reconciliation .
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
6 ( 1 )
6 ( 2 )
2(1 ), (2 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
Effect of living together after dis-
covery of adultery.
Effect of living together after alleged
intolerable behaviour.
Certain periods of living together to
be discounted in considering
whether period of desertion or
living apart continuous.
Living with each other for purposes
ofs. 3.
2 ( 3 )
2 ( 5 )
2 ( 6 )
4 Refusal of decree in 5 year separation
cases on grounds of grave hardship
to respondent.
5 Amended R.1.
5 Power to rescind decree nisi where
person giving consent in 2 year
separation case misled by petitioner.
10 ( 1 ) Amended R.1 .
6 Financial protection for respondent
in separation cases .
(1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 7 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) Rules may enable certain agreements
or arrangements to be referred to
the court.
Amendment of s. 3 of 1967 (county
court jurisdiction ).
10 ( 2 ) Amended R.1.
10 ( 3 )
10 ( 4 )
7
Sch. 2
para. 6( 2 )
The reference in s. 3 of 1967
to s. 5( 2) of 1965 is spent,
and is therefore not pre-
served by Sch. 2 para. 6( 2)
oftheAct.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
xxvii
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE DIVORCE REFORM Аст 1969— сont.
8 (1 ) Judicial separation.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) 17 ( 1 )
17(1), ( 2 )
( 3);
Sch. 1
para. 8
In part spent and not re-
enacted .
( 3 ) 17 ( 2 )
Amended 1970 s. 42(1 ) , Sch.
2рага. 4.
9(1), ( 2) Amendments and repeals in Matri-
monial Causes Act 1965.
-
See under Schedule 1 , as to
amendments.
Repeals
spent.
( 3 ) Abrogation, in relation to divorce and
Spent.
judicial separation, of absolute and
discretionary bars to relief arising
from collusion or conduct on the
part of the petitioner.
10 Saving for petitions for divorce or
judicial separation presented before
commencement of Act.
Sch. 1
para. 3
11 Short title, construction, commence-
ment and extent.
55 ( 3 )
Sch. 1 para. 1 2
3
4-7
Consequential amendments of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1965.
4 ( 1 )
49 ( 1 ) 20
Repealed 1970 S. 42 ( 2 ),
Sch. 3.
8
Sch. 2
para. 5(1)
( b )
9
-
10
- -
Repealed 1970 S. 42 ( 2 ),
Sch. 3.
Repealed 1970 s. 42(2 ),
Sch. 3.
11
52 (1)
12
Sch. 1
para. 8
Sch . 2 Repeals in the Matrimonial Causes
Act1965.
-
Spent.
Sch. 1,
paras.
of
subject
matter
described
THE ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE Aст 1970
( 1970 с. 31 )
The paragraphs relating respectively | 50(1)(a), | See R.4.
to proceedings for a declaration,
( d), (g)
to proceedings under s. 17 of the
Married Women's Property Act
1882, and to proceedings under
section 1 ofthe Matrimonial Homes
Act1967.
Sch. 2
para. 27
Amendment of s. 7 of 1967 . 50 ( 1)
xxviii Section
of Act
Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
4
Sch. 1
entry relating
to s. 37
of1965.
Subject Matter
THE LAW REFORM (MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ACT 1970
( 1970 с. 33 )
Abolition of right toclaim damages |
-
foradultery.
| Spent.
THE LOCAL AUTHORITY SOCIAL SERVICES ACT 1970
( 1970 с. 42 )
Functions of local authority under
s. 37 of 1965 assigned to Social
Sch. 2
para. 11
Services Committee.
THE MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS AND PROPERTY Аст 1970
( 1970 с. 45 )
1 Maintenance pending suit in cases of 22
divorce, etc.
2 Financial provision for party to a
marriage in cases of divorce, etc.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) 23 (1 )
23 ( 3)
3 Financial provision for child of the
family in cases of divorce, etc.
( 1)( a) 23(1), ( 2)
( b ) 23( 2 )
( 2 ) 23(1 )
( 3 ) , ( 4 ) 23 (3)
( 5 ) 23 ( 4 )
4 24
Orders for transfer and settlement of
property and for variation of settle-
ments in cases of divorce, etc.
5
Matters to which court is to have
regard in deciding what orders to
make under ss. 2, 3 and 4.
25
6
Neglect by party to marriage to
maintain other party or child of the
family.
27(1)- (7 )
7
Duration of certain orders made in
favour of party to marriage, and
effect of remarriage.
28
( 1) , ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
28 ( 1 )
28( 2 )
28 ( 3 )
8
Provisions as to powers of court to
make orders in favour of children
and duration of such orders .
( 1 ) ( a )
( b )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
29 ( 1 )
29 ( 2 )( b)
29( 2)( a)
29 ( 3)
29 ( 4 )
!
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
xxix
9
10
11
12
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS AND PROPERTY ACT 1970 -cont.
Variation, discharge, etc., of orders
31
for financial provision .
Payment of certain arrears unen-
32
forceable without the leave of the
court.
Power of court to order sums paid
under certain orders to be repaid in
certain cases .
Application of Maintenance Orders
Acts to orders under ss. 1, 2, 3 and
6 .
33( 1)-(4),
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 2 ) Sch. 2
Sch. 2
paras. 3
( 1 ), 10 ( 2 )
para. 3( 2 )
13 Validity of maintenance agreements . 34
14 Alteration of agreements by court
during lives of parties.
35
15 Alteration of agreements by court 36
after death of one party.
16 Avoidance of transactions intended 37
to defeat certain claims .
( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 )
( 5 ) 37( 2), (3 )
37 ( 4 )
37 ( 5 )
37(1), (6 )
37 ( 7 )
17 41
Restriction on decrees for dissolution,
annulment or separation affecting
children.
18
Orders for custody and education of
children affected by matrimonial
suits.
( 2 )
( 3 )
42 (1 )
42 (5 )
42 (3)
42 ( 4 )
42 ( 6 )
42 ( 7 )
19
( 1 )
( 2 )
20
21 Orders for custody of children in
cases of neglect to maintain.
Abolition of right to claim restitution
ofconjugal rights .
Orders for maintenance of party to
marriage under 1965 to cease to
have effect on re marriage of that
party .
42 ( 2) (6 )
42 ( 5), (7 )
- Spent.
Sch. 1
para. 15
XXX Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
22
THE MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS AND PROPERTY ACT 1970 -cont.
Orders for repayment in certain
cases ofsums paid after cessation of
order by reason of remarriage.
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
38 ( 1),
Sch. 1
para. 16
38 ( 2 )
38(1),
( 3), (5 )
38 ( 6 )
38 ( 7 )
23
Settlement, etc., made in compliance
with order under s. 4 may be avoided
on bankruptcy of settlor.
39
24 Commencement of proceedings for
financial provision orders, etc.
( 1 ) 26 ( 1 )
( a ) Unnecessary.
( b ) 23( 5) ,
24 ( 3 )
( 2 ) 26 ( 2 )
25 26 Direction for instrument to be
settled by conveyancing counsel.
Payments, etc., under order made in
favour of person suffering from
mental disorder .
30
40
27 Interpretation. 52 (1),
( 3), ( 4 )
28 Transitional provisions and savings . 53
29 Validation of certain void or voidable
decrees.
Sch. 1
para. 14
30-33 Provisions relating to orders made by
magistrates' courts in matrimonial
proceedings.
Not repealed by the Act.
34 (1 ) Jurisdiction of county courts. 33( 5), 38
( 4), Sch.
1paras.
16 , 23
Sch. 2
para. 4
3 ( 2 )
( 2 ) 35 36 37-39 Appeal on question of fact from
county courts.
Amendment of reference to child in s. 2 of 1965.
Construction of references to re-
marriage in s. 26 of 1965. Provisions relating to property of
married persons. Not repealed by the Act.
Not repealed by the Act.
Section
of Act
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
xxxi
40
THE MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS AND PROPERTY ACT 1970 -cont.
Judicially separated spouses not en-
titled to claim in intestacy of each
other.
(1), ( 2 )
18( 2), (3)
40 ( 3 )
Sch. 1
рага. 13 Repeal of s . 20( 3) of 1965 as
to deaths occurring after
31st July 1970 spent.
41 Abolition of wife's agency of neces-
sity . Spent .
42 Minor and consequential amend-
ments and repeals.
( 1 )
( 2 )
See under Schedule 2.
Spent.
43
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) Citation, commencement and extent.
Not repealed by the Act.
Spent.
Not repealed by the Act.
Repealed only in part by the
Act.
Sch. 1 para. 1
Transitional provisions and savings .
2
Spent as to directions given
or deemed to have been
given under enactments re-
pealed by 1970.
Amended R.5.
3 ( 1 ) -
( 4 )
( 5 )
4
5
6
7
8
9 ( 1 )
( 2 )
10
11
12
-
--
-
-
55 (3 )
Sch. 1
paras. 2 ,
5
Sch. 1
para. 4
Sch. 1
para. 17
Sch. 1
рага. 18
Sch. 1
para. 22
Sch. 1
para. 23
Sch. 1
para. 19
Sch. 1
paгa. 9
Sch. 1
para. 10
Sch. 1
para. 24(1)
Unnecessary as to proceed-
ings pending at 1st January
1971; see R.5 as to pro-
ceedings for relief under
s. 21 or 34(1 )(c) of 1965.
Sch. 1
para. 24 ( 2 )
Sch. 1
Spent. Amended R.6.para. 20
Sch. 1
рага. 21
xxxii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT -cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS AND PROPERTY Аст 1970 -cont.
Sch. 2 Minor and consequential amend-
ments.
para. 1(1) Sch. 2
para. 5
( 1 ) ( a )
( 2 ) 43 ( 1 ),
44 ( 1 )
( 3 )
-
44 ( 4 )
2 ( 1 )-
( 2 )
-
Sch. 2
para. 6(1)
50 (1)( a),
( 2 )( a)
3
4 4
5
Sch. 2
para. 7(1)
17 ( 2 )
Sch. 2
para. 10( 2 )
Sch. 3 Repeals.
- Spent .
THE GUARDIANSHIP OF MINORS ACт 1971
( 1971 с. 3)
Sch. 1, to That part of the entry relating to s.
the extent
des-
cribed in
column2
16 ( 2) of the Maintenance Orders
Sch. 2
paга. 3(1)
Act 1950 which amends paragraph
( c )( v ) of that subsection.
THE COURTS ACT 1971
( 1971 с. 23)
45 ( 7 ) Rules for the purposes of s. 45 to be
matrimonial causes rules . 50 ( 1)( a )
Sch. 8, para. 47 Amendment of references to county 50 ( 1)
courtjudges in s. 7( 1 ) of 1967.
THE NULLITY OF MARRIAGE ACT 1971
( 1971 с . 44 )
1 Grounds onwhich a marriage is void. 11
Amended 1972 s. 3 .
2 12
Grounds on which a marriage is
voidable.
3
Bars to relief where marriage is
voidable.
( 4 ) 4 ( 1) - ( 3)
13
Sch. 1
para. 11 ( 3 )
Only words from " but " to
end of subsection re-
enacted: preceding words
spent.
( 5 )
52 ( 1 )
4
14
Marriages governed by foreign law or
celebrated abroad under English
law .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT-cont.
xxxiii
Section
ofAct
5
6 ( 1 )
( 2 )
7
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE NULLITY OF MARRIAGE ACT 1971-cont .
Effect of decree of nullity in case of | 16
voidable marriage.
Collusion not to be a bar to the
granting of a decree of nullity.
Declaration that collusion, etc. , no
bar to decree under 1965 s. 14.
Short title, consequential amend-
ments and repeals, saving, com-
mencement and extent.
19 ( 6 )
Spent.
Spent.
46 (1)( a),
Sch. 2
para. 2 Spent. S. 9 of 1965 re
enacted, in so far as saved,
bySch. 1 para. 11 ofthe Act.
Sch. 1
рага. 6 Spent.
55 ( 3 )
THE MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS (POLYGAMOUS MARRIAGES) ACT 1972
( 1972 с. 38)
1 Matrimonial relief and declarations
47
of validity in respect of polygamous
marriages; England and Wales.
4 Amendment ofs. 1 of 1971 . 11( d )
5 ( 2 ) Construction of references to enact- 52 ( 4 ) Not repealed by the Act.
ments.
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT 1972
( 1972 с. 70 )
Sch. 23
para. 13 1965.
Amendment of sections 36 and 37 of 43(1);
44 ( 2 ) Power to bring into force
under section 273 of Local
Government Act 1972
preserved in sections 43( 9)
and 44( 6 ) of the Act.
Part III T
xxxiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT 1973 (c. 62)
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table-
1948= The Criminal Justice Act 1948
( 1948 с. 58 )
1949= The Justices of the Peace Act 1949
( 1949 с. 101 )
1961= The Criminal Justice Act 1961
( 1961 с. 39 )
1964= The Administration of Justice Act 1964
( 1964 с. 42 )
1967= The Criminal Justice Act 1967
( 1967 с. 80)
1968= The Justices of the Peace Act 1968
( 1968 с. 69)
1969= The Children and Young Persons Act 1969
( 1969 с. 54 )
1971= The Courts Act 1971
( 1971 с. 23)
1972 = The Criminal Justice Act 1972
( 1972 с. 71)
Section of
1973 Act
Derivation
1 1972 s . 22.
2
3 ( 1) -(6 )
( 7 )
( 8 )
4
5
6 (1), ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
( 8 )
( 9 )
( 10 )
7
8(1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4), (5 ) ( 6 ) - ( 9)
9 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1948 ss. 3, 80(1) , (3); 1969 s. 7(2); 1972 ss . 20(3), 64(1), Sch . 5.
1948 s. 4(1 )-(6 ) ; Mental Health Act 1959 c. 72 s. 149(1),
Sch . 7 Pt. 1 ; 1972 s. 64(1), Sch . 5.
1948 s . 4( 7) , as substituted by Mental Health Act 1959 с. 72
s. 149(1) , Sch. 7 Pt. I.
1948 s. 4( 9) ; 1967 s. 54(7)( a).
1972 s . 20( 1 ), (2), (4) and (7) .
1948 s . 5(1) , ( 4).
1948 s . 6( 1) , (2) .
1948 s . 6( 3), except para . (b) ; 1972 s. 21(1 ), (2).
1948 s . 6(3 )(b) ; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 24(a) .
1948 s . 6(4) ( a) ; 1971 s. 56(1) , Sch. 8 para . 24(a) .
1948 s . 6(4)(b) ; 1967 s. 54(5) ; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8 paras .
24(a) and 54(2) ; 1972 s . 21( 1 ), (2).
1948 s. 6(6 ) .
1948 s . 6(3) ; 1967 s. 54( 5) ; 1972 s . 21(2 ) .
1948 s. 6(5) .
1972 s . 21(3).
1948 s. 7; 1967 s. 52.
1948 s. 8(1) .
1948 s . 8(2) ; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch . 8 para. 25 .
1948 s . 8(1 ) proviso .
1948 s . 8(3) .
1948 s . 8( 4)- (7) ; 1971 s . 56 (1) , Sch. 8 para . 24( a) .
1961 s. 9; 1969 s. 72( 3), Sch. 5 para. 45.
1961 s . 39( 3) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT -cont.
XXXV
Section of
1973 Act
Derivation
10
(1 ), ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) - ( 8 ) 11( 1), ( 2)
( 3 )
( 4 )
12 ( 1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
13( 1), ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
14 (1 )
( 2 ) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 ) , ( 7 )
( 8 )
15
16
17 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) - (7 )
18
19 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
20 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3) ( a ) ( b ) ( 4 ) 21 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )( a) ( b ) ( c ) 22 (1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 )- ( 6 ) 1948 s. 9; Criminal Justice ( Scotland) Act 1949 c. 94 s. 77,
Sch. 11 ; 1967 s . 54(7) .
1948 s . 9( 1 ), (2).
1967 s. 54 (7) .
1948 s . 9( 4) -(8) .
1967 s. 53(1) , (2) .
1972 s . 64( 1 ) , Sch . 5.
1967 s. 53(3) ; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch . 8 para. 2.
1948 s. 11(1) .
1948 s . 80(5) .
1948 s. 11( 4 ) ; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para . 24(a) .
1948 s. 80(6 ) .
1948 s. 12 (1) .
1948 ss . 12(2), 80(1 ) .
1948 ss . 12(3) , 80(1 ).
1948 s. 80(1) .
1972 ss . 15( 1 ), 66(3) .
1972 s . 15(2)- (4) .
1972 s . 15(9).
1972 s . 15 (5), (6 ) .
1972 s. 15(8) .
1972 s. 16.
1972 s. 17.
1972 s . 18(1) (a).
1972 s . 18(1 )(b) , (2), (3)(a).
1972 s . 18( 3) (b) .
1972 s . 18(4)- (7) .
Criminal Law Act 1967 c. 58 s . 7(1 ) , (2).
1948 s . 17( 1) ; Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c. 55 s. 107(2) ;
1961 s. 2 (2 ) .
1948 s. 17( 2).
Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c. 55 s. 107( 3) .
1948 s . 80(1) ; Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c . 55 s. 126(1) .
1948 s . 80(3) ; Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c. 55 s . 126(5) ;
1972 s. 14 (3).
1972 s . 14 (1), (3).
1972 s . 14(2).
1972 s. 14(3).
1972 s . 66(2 ) .
1972 s. 14 ( 4 ) .
1972 s. 37(1 ), (3 ) .
1972 s . 37( 2).
1972 s . 37(3) .
1972 s . 66( 2) .
1972 s . 37(3) .
1967 s. 39(1) ; 1972 s . 11(2) (a) .
1972 s. 11 (3) .
1967 s. 39(2) .
1967 s . 39(7)-(9) ; S.I. 1967 No. 1234.
Part III T2
xxxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section of
1973 Act
Derivation
23(1 )
( 2 ) - (5 )
( 6 )
( 7) , ( 8)
( 9 )
24 (1)
( 2 ) ( a )
( b )
( 3 )
25(1 ), (2)
( 3 )
( 4 ), ( 5 )
26 (1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) - (11)
27
28
29
30
31(1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
(6 ), ( 7)
( 8 )
32 ( 1 )
(2 ), (3)
( 4 )
( 5 ) , (6 )
33
34
1967 s. 40 (1) ; 1972 s. 11 (2)(b) .
1967 s . 40 (2) - (5) .
1967 s. 40(6 ) ; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 48(a).
1967 s . 40(7), ( 8); 1971 s. 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para. 2.
1967 s. 40(9) .
1967 s . 41(1) ; 1971 s . 56(1 ) , Sch. 8 para. 48(a) .
1967 s . 41( 2)(a) ; 1971 s . 56( 1), Sch. 8para.48( a ) .
1967 s . 41 (2)(b) ; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 2.
1967 s . 41( 4 ) .
1967 s. 42(1 ), (2) ; 1971 s . 56(1 ) , Sch. 8 para . 51 .
1967 s. 42(3) ; 1971 s. 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para. 2.
1967 s. 42(4), ( 5).
1972 s . 12 (1) .
1972 s . 12 (2) .
1972 s . 12(3), (6).
1972 s . 12(4 )-(11).
1972 s. 13 .
1967 s . 37( 2)- (5) .
1967 s . 38; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 2.
Criminal Law Act 1967 c. 58 s . 7(2), (3).
1948 s. 14(1)(a), (b) , (d) ; 1971 s. 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para. 24( a).
1948 s . 14 (1 )(c) ; 1967 s. 47(1) ; 1971 s. 56(1) , Sch. 8 para.
53(1).
1948 s. 14(1) proviso; 1967 s. 47( 2); 1971 s. 56( 1), Sch. 8
paras . 26( 1 ), 53(3).
1948 s. 14 ( 3).
1948 s. 14 ( 4).
1948 s. 14 ( 6 ) ; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 26 (2) .
1948 s. 14 ( 5 ) ; 1967 s. 47( 7) ; 1971 s. 56 (1), Sch. 8 paras . 24( b),
48( a), 53( 2).
1967 s. 47( 3), ( 4) ; S.I. 1967 No. 1234; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a) .
1967 s. 47( 6 ), (7) ; 1971 s . 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para . 48( a).
1967 s. 47(8) ; 1971 s . 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para. 53(5).
1967 s . 47( 9), (10 ) ; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 48( a).
1967 s . 48(1) ; 1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 48( a) .
1972 s . 40.
35 1972 s . 1.
36 1972 s. 2.
37 1972 s. 3.
38 1972 s. 4.
39 1972 s . 7( 1 )-(6).
40 1972 s . 8.
41 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1972 s . 9(1) .
1972 s. 9( 3).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont .
xxxvii
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
42 43( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3) -(5) 1948 s. 29; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para . 27.
1972 s. 23(1) .
1972 ss . 23(6), 24(4), 66(3).
1972 s . 23(2)-(4).
44 (1) , ( 3 )
( 2 )
1972 s . 24 (1).
1972 s. 24 ( 3).
45 1967 s . 57.
46 1948 s. 43.
47 1948 s . 45(1) ; 1967 s . 95(1) .
48(1) , ( 2 ) ( 3 )
( 4 )
1972 s . 19(1 ), (2) .
1972s. 20 ( 5 ).
1972 s . 20(7) .
49 ( 1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
1948 s . 46(1) ; 1972 s . 53( 2 ) .
1948 s . 46(2 ) ; 1972 s . 53(2)(a) .
1948 s . 46( 2) proviso; 1972 s. 53( 2 )( a) .
50 (1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 1948 s . 47(1) ; 1972 s . 53(2)(b) .
1948 s. 47(1) .
1948 s. 47( 2) ; 1972 s. 53( 2)( b) .
51(1) 1948 s. 77(1) .
( 2 )
1972 s. 54.
( 3) ( a)
1948 s . 77( 3)(a) ; 1964 s . 39( 2), Sch. 3 para. 19( 2 ) ; 1972 ss. 55(4),
56 ( 4 ) .
( b ) ( c ) ( d ) ( e ) ( f ) ( g ) ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) 1972 s . 53(3) .
1948 s . 77(3)(b) ; 1972 s . 53 (5).
1948 s . 77( 3)(c).
1948 s . 77(3)(d).
1948 s . 77(3)(e) ; 1967 s. 96( 1 ).
1948 s . 77(3)(f).
1948 s. 77 ( 4 ) .
1972 s. 53(4) .
1948 s. 77( 5 ) ; 1972 s. 53(5 ) .
1948 s. 77 ( 7 ) .
52
1967 s. 99.
53
1948 s. 11 (5) ; 1967 s. 42(6 ) ; 1972 s. 51 (3).
54 ( 1 )
( 2 ) , (3)
( 4 )
1948 ss . 45(1), 76(1), Sch. 5 para. 1(1) ; 1967 s. 100(1) ; 1972
ss . 7(6 ) , 12(2 ), 15(7), 19(3), 20(6).
1967 s. 100 (2 ) ; 1972 ss . 7(6 ), 12(2), 15(6), 19(3), 20(6) .
1948 s. 76( 3) ; 1972 ss. 7(6 ), 12( 2), 15(7) .
55
56
[Transitional provisions. ]
[ Consequential amendments and repeals . ]
57 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
1948 s . 80(1); Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c. 55 s. 126( 1) ;
1967 s . 104(1) ; 1972 ss. 1(1), 12(1), 14(3), 15(1 ), 53(6), 66( 2) .
1967 s . 104(2).
1948 s. 80(2) ; 1967 s. 104 ( 3).
1967 s . 104(4).
1972 s . 66( 4).
1948 s. 80( 7) ; 1961 s. 39( 4 ) ; 1967 s. 104 ( 5) ; 1972 s . 66(5).
Part III
T3
xxxviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
58
59(1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1948 s. 81 ; 1967 s. 106( 2 ); 1972 s . 66(7)(a) .
1967 s . 106(3) (b) ; 1972 s . 66(7) (b) .
1967 s . 105(2) ; Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 s . 42( 3).
1967 s. 105( 3) ; Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973, s. 40,
Sch. 5 para. 1 .
Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 s . 42( 3) .
60
[ Short title and commencement. ]
Sch. 1
para. 1
2
3
4-7
1948 Sch. 1, para. 1 ; 1967 s . 54(1), (2 ) ; 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a).
1948 Sch. 1 para. 2.
1948 Sch. 1 para. 3 ; 1972 s. 64(1 ) , Sch. 5 .
1948 Sch. 1 paras. 4-7.
Sch. 2
para. 1 1972 Sch. 1 para. 2.
2 1972 s . 7(7) , Sch. 1 para. 3(1 ) .
3 1972 Sch. 1 paras. 1, 13.
4 1972 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
5 1972 Sch . 1 para. 4.
6 1972 Sch. 1 para. 6.
7 1972 Sch. 1 para. 7.
8 1972 ss . 7(7 ) , 10(1) .
9 1972 s . 7(7) , Sch. 1 para. 3( 2)-(4) .
10 ( 1 )
1972 ss . 7(3)(d) , (7 ) , 10(1), (6) .
( 2) - (5)
1972 s . 10(2)- (5) .
11( 1), ( 2 )
1972 Sch. 1 para. 8.
( 3 ) 1972 s . 7(7 ), Sch. 1 para. 3( 2)-(4).
12 1972 Sch. 1 para. 5.
13 1972 s . 7(7) , Sch. 1 para. 12.
14 1972 s . 9( 2).
15 1972 Sch. 1 para. 9.
16 1972 Sch. 1 para. 10.
17 1972 s . 7( 7), Sch. 1 para. 11 .
Sch. 3
para. 1(1), ( 2) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 1 (1) , (2) ; 1967 s . 95(1) ; 1971 s . 53(2)(a).
( 3 ) 1964 s . 22( 2 ) ; 1967 s . 95(1) .
( 4 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 7( 2 ) ; 1967 s. 95(1 ).
( 5 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 1( 3); 1967 s. 95(1).
2 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 2(1) ; 1949 s. 37(1); 1967 s. 95(1).
1948 Sch. 5 para. 2(1) ; 1967 s. 95(1).
( 3 ) 1964 s . 22(1), ( 2); 1967 s. 95(1) ; 1971 s. 56(1) , Sch. 8 para.
43( 2 ).
( 4 ) 1972 s . 57(1) .
( 5 ) 1949 s . 37(2) ; 1967 s. 95(1) .
3 ( 1 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 3(1) ; 1967 s . 95( 1 ) .
( 2 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 3( 2 ); 1967 s. 95( 1) .
( 3 ) 1972 s . 57(2).
( 4 ) 1949 s. 37 ( 3) .
4 ( 1 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 2(2) ; 1964 s. 22( 3) ; 1967 s. 95(1 ).
( 2 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 3(6 ) ; 1964 s. 22( 3) .
( 3 ) 1948 Sch . 5 para. 3( 7) ; 1964 s . 22(3) .
( 4 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 3(3); 1949 s. 36( 3) ; 1967 s . 95(1) .
5 ( 1 ) 1964 s . 22(3) (a) ; 1967 s . 95(1 ) .
( 2 ) 1964 s . 22(3) (b) ; 1967 s . 95(1) .
6 ( 1 ) 1948 Sch. 5 para . 2(3) ; 1967 s . 95(1) .
( 2), (3) 1948 Sch. 5 para. 2(3) proviso ; 1964 ss. 2( 3), 22(1 ), (3) ; 1967
s . 95(1) ; 1968 s . 1 (2)(b), Sch. 3 para. 3( a ) ; Local Govern-
ment Act 1972 c. 70 ss. 216(1 ), 217(1 ).
7(1) 1967 s . 95(2 ) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
xxxix
Section of
1973 Act Derivation
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 8
10
11
12
13 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
14 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 15 ( 1 )
1967 s. 95(2) , (3) .
1967 s. 95(2) .
1948 s . 80(1 ) , Sch. 5 para. 3(5) .
9 1948 Sch. 5 para. 4(1 ).
1972 s . 52(1 )-(3).
1972 s. 53( 1 ).
1972 s. 56(3 ).
1949 s. 36( 1) ; 1964 s . 31(1); 1967 s. 95(1) ; 1968 s . 4(5)(a) .
1972 s . 52(5) .
1949 s . 36 (1).
1948 Sch. 5 para. 5( 3) ; 1967 s . 95(1) .
1972 s . 56(1) .
1972 s . 56(2) .
1948 Sch. 5 para. 5(1) ; 1949 s. 36( 3) ; 1967 s. 95(1) ; 1972
s. 56( 4) .
( 2 ) ( 3 )
( 4 ) 16 17 18 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 19 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1972 s . 56(4 ) (b) .
1948 Sch. 5 para. 5( 2 ); 1967 s . 95(1).
1964 s. 22(5) .
1964 s. 22 ( 4).
1972 s . 55(1 )-(3 ) .
1948 Sch. 5 para. 6; 1967 s. 95(1) ; 1972 s . 52(4) .
1949 s. 36( 4) .
1964 s. 22(3) ; 1967 s. 95(1) .
1964 s. 22.
Local Government Act 1972 c. 70 s . 217(5) .
Sch. 4
Sch. 5
Transitional Provisions .
Consequential Amendments.
Sch. 6 Enactments Repealed.
Part III T4
xl Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT 1973 (c. 62 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
Note: The abbreviations used in the Table are set out on page xxxiv
above.
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
3 Probation.
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1948
( 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58)
2
Amended 1969 ss. 7( 2), 72( 4),
Sch. 6; 1972 ss. 20 (3),
64 ( 1), Sch. 5.
4
Probation orders requiring treat-
ment for mental condition.
3
5 Discharge and amendment of pro-
bation orders, etc.
5
Amended Mental Health Act
1959 c. 72 s. 149(1) , Sch. 7
Pt. I; extended 1967 s.
54( 7)(a), (8) ; amended 1972
s. 64(1), Sch. 5.
Subsections (2) and (3)
repealed 1967 ss. 54 ( 3),
103( 2), Sch. 7 Pt. I.
6 Breach of requirement of proba-
tion order.
6
( 1 ( 3 ) ), ( 2 )
( 4 ) 6( 1 ), ( 2 )
6 ( 3), ( 4),
( 8 )
6( 5), ( 6 )
Amended 1971 s . 56(1 ) , Sch.
8 para. 24(a) ; 1972 s. 21(1).
Amended 1971 s. 56 (1), Sch.
8 para. 24(a ) .
( 5 ) ( 6 ) 6 ( 9 )
6 ( 7 )
7 Absolute and conditional discharge . 7 Amended 1967 s . 52.
8 Commission of further offence by
probationer or person condition-
ally discharged.
8
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 ) - (7 )
( 8 )
9 Probation orders relating to per-
sons residing in Scotland.
8(1), ( 3)
8 ( 2 )
Amended 1971 s. 56(1 ), Sch.
8 рага. 25.
8( 4), ( 5)
Paragraph (b) of proviso
repealed 1971 s. 56 ( 4 ),
Sch. 11 .
8(6 )-(9) Modified 1961 s . 9; amended
( and repealed in part) 1967
ss. 56( 3), 103( 2), Sch. 7
Pt. I; amended 1971 s.
56(1), Sch. 8 para. 24( a).
Spent ( by virtue of amend-
ment of subs. ( 2) by 1971
s. 56(1) , Sch. 8 para. 25).
10New section substituted by
Criminal Justice ( Scotland )
Act 1949 c. 94 s. 77, Sch.
11 ; new subs. ( 9) added by
Social Work (Scotland) Act
1968 c. 49 ss. 95(1) , 97(1) ,
Sch. 8 para. 21 , but re-
pealed 1969 s . 72( 4), Sch. 6.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont .
xli
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1948 -cont.
9( 1), ( 2) | Probation orders relating to per- | 10(1) , (2)
sons residing in Scotland. -cont.
( 3 )
( 4 )
Repealed 1967 s. 103( 2),
Sch . 7 Pts . I, II .
10 ( 4 ) Repealed in part 1967 s.
103(2), Sch. 7 Pts . I, II .
( 5 ) - ( 8)
10( 5)- (8)
11 ( 1 )
Security for good behaviour of
probationer, etc.
12 ( 1 ) Repealed in part Magis-
trates' Courts Act 1952
c. 55 s. 132, Sch. 6; 1969
s. 72( 4), Sch. 6.
( 2 )
Compensation by probationer, etc.
Repealed 1972 s. 64(2) , Sch.
6.
( 3 )
Enforcement of order for compen-
sation by probationer, etc.
( 4 ) Determination as to breach of pro-
bation, etc.
Repealed Administration of
Justice Act 1970 c. 31 s .
54 ( 3), Sch. 11 .
12 ( 3 ) Amended 1971 s . 56(1 ) , Sch.
8para. 24 ( a ) .
( 5 ) Execution of process between
England and Scotland.
53
12 Effects of probation and dis- 13( 1) -(4) Subsections (3)(6) spent as to
charge. words " revesting or " .
14 Powers of courts of assize and
quarter sessions in relation to
fines and forfeited recognizances.
( 1 ) ( 2 )
31 Extended 1961 s. 5(5) ; applied
Industrial Relations Act
1971 c. 72 s. 99( 6 ), Sch . 3
para. 28(1) .
31 (1), (2),
( 3 ) Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch.
8 paras . 24(a), 26(1 ) .
Repealed 1967 s. 103(2), Sch.
7 Pt. I ; 1972 s. 64(2 ),
Sch. 6 Pt. II.
( 3) , ( 4 )
( 5 )
31 ( 4 ), (5 )
31( 8)
( 6 ) 31(6 ) , (7)
Amended 1971 s . 56(1 ), Sch .
8 para. 24(b) .
New subsection (6 ) added
1971 s. 56(1 ) , Sch. 8 para.
26(2) .
17 Restrictions on imprisonment of
young offenders.
19
( 1 ) 19 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 6 )
29 19 ( 2 )
42
Committal for sentence in respect
of indictable offences tried sum-
marily.
Repealed in part Magis-
trates' Courts Act 1952
с . 55 s. 132, Sch. 6;
amended 1961 s . 2(2) ; 1971
s . 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para. 24(a).
Unnecessary.
New section substituted 1971
s . 56(1 ) , Sch. 8 para. 27.
xlii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT -cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1948-cont.
43 Reports of probation officers . 46
45 Probation areas , probation com-
mittees and case committees, and
probation officers .
( 1 )
( 2 )( a)
47
( b )
( 2)( c), (3)
Amended 1967 s . 95(1 ).
Unnecessary because Act uses
petty sessions area " in-
stead of " petty sessional
division".
Repealed 1964 s. 41(8), Sch.
5.
Repealed 1968 s. 8( 2), Sch. 5
Pt. II.
46 Approved probation hostels and
homes.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) 49 ( 1) ,
57 (1 )
49( 2 ), (3)
Repealed in part 1969 s.
72 ( 4), Sch. 6.
Extended 1972 s. 53 ( 2)(a).
47 Inspection of institutions for resi-
dence of probationers .
50 Extended 1972 s . 53 (2) (b) .
( 1 ) 50(1) , (2 ) Repealed in part Mental
Health Act 1959 c. 72 s.
149(2), Sch. 8 Pt. I; 1969
s. 72( 4), Sch. 6.
( 2 ) 50 ( 3)
77 Expenses and grants payable out of
moneys provided by Parliament.
( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 ) ( a )
51 Modified 1969 s. 46( 2), Sch. 3
51 ( 1 )
para. 9. Repealed in part 1969 s. 72( 4),
Sch. 6.
Spent.
51( 3)(a) Extended Metropolitan Magistrates' Courts Act
1959 c. 45 s. 3( 2 ); 1964
s. 39( 2) , Sch. 3 para. 19(2) ;
1972 ss . 55(4) , 56(4) .
Amended 1972 s. 53(5).
( b )
( c )
( d )
( e )
51( 3)(c )
51(3) ( d)
51( 3) (e)
51( 3) ( f )
51 ( 3)(g)
New paragraph substituted
by 1967 s . 96(1).
( f )
proviso ( 4 ) Repealed 1972 ss. 56( 5),
64 ( 2 ), Sch. 6.
51( 4), (5) Subsection ( 4)(c) repealed in
part 1969 s . 72(4), Sch. 6.
( 5 ) 51 ( 7 ) Amended 1972 s . 55(5) .
( 7 ) Spent inpart.
51 ( 8 )
80 Interpretation.
( 1 )
2 ( 1), 57(1)
12 ( 2 )
81 Application to Scotland.
58( a)
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
xliii
Section
of Act
Sch. 1 para.
1
2
3
4-7
Sch. 5
рага.
1( 1) , ( 2 )
( 3 )
2 ( 1)
( 2 )
( 3)
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1948 -cont.
Discharge and amendment of pro-
Sch. 1
bation orders .
Sch. 1
para. 1
Amended 1967 s . 54(1), (2) ;
1971 s. 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para.
48 ( a ).
Sch. 1
para. 2
Sch. 1
para. 3
Amended and repealed in
part 1972 s . 64(1 ), (2), Schs.
5, 6.
Sch. 1
paras. 4-7
Administrative provisions as to
probation.
-
3 ( 1 ) ( 2 )- Sch. 3
( 3 )- Sch. 3
para. 3( 2 )
para. 4 ( 4 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
-
( 6 )
-
( 7 )-
4 ( 1 )-
( 2 )-
Sch. 3
para. 1(1),
( 2 )
Sch. 3
para. 1( 5 )
Sch. 3
para. 2(1),
( 2 )
Sch. 3
para. 4(1)
Sch. 3
para. 6
Para. 1 ( 1) amended 1967
s. 95(1) ; 1971 s. 53(2)(a) .
Sch. 3
para. 3(1)
Amended 1967 s. 95(1).
Amended 1967 s. 95(1);
repealed in part 1972
s. 64( 2), Sch. 6.
Excluded 1964 S. 22 ( 3);
amended 1967 s . 95(1 ) .
Repealed in part 1964 ss.
39(2) , 41(8), Sch. 3 para.
19(3), Sch . 5 ; extended
ibid. ss . 2(3), 22(1) ; excluded
ibid s . 22(3) ; amended 1967
s. 95(1) ; extended 1968
s. 1 (2)(b), Sch. 3 para. 3( a ) ;
spent inpart.
Amended 1967 s. 95(1) ;
para. 3(1)( d) repealed in
part Mental Health Act
1959 c. 72 s. 149(2) Sch. 8
Pt. I, and spent as to words
" or supervision order " .
Amended 1967 s. 95(1) .
Excludedby implicationfrom
1964 s . 22(3)(a) ; amended
1967 s . 95(1).
New sub-paragraph substi-
tuted 1964 s . 39( 2), Sch. 3
para . 19( 4) ; repealed 1972
s. 64(2), Sch. 6.
Sch. 3
para. 8
Sch. 3 Excluded 1964 S. 22(3) ;
para. 4( 2)
repealed in part 1972
s. 64( 2), Sch. 6.
Sch. 3
Excluded 1964 s. 22( 3) .
para. 4( 3)
Sch. 3
para. 9
Repealed 1967 ss. 55, 103( 2),
Sch . 7 Pt. I.
xliv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section
ofAct
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
5 ( 1 )
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1948 -cont.
Administrative provisions as to
Sch. 3
probation-cont.
para. 15
(1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
Extended 1949 s. 36( 3);
amended, and repealed in
part, 1967 ss. 95(1 ), 96(2) ,
103(2 ) , Sch. 7 Pt. I ; ex-
tended 1972 s. 56( 4).
- Sch. 3 Amended 1967 s. 95(1).
para. 15( 3)
Sch. 3
para. 14(1)
Amended Local Government
Superannuation Act 1953
c. 25 s. 23( 3), Sch. 4 para.
5 ( b ) but amendment re-
pealed Superannuation Act
1972 c. 11 s. 29(4), Sch. 8 ;
1967 s. 95(1).
6
-
Sch. 3
para. 18(1)
7( 1 )
-
( 2 )
-
Sch. 3
para. 1( 4)
Repealed 1964 ss. 22(1 ), 41 (8),
Sch. 5.
Amended 1967 s. 95(1) .
Sch. 8
-
paras . 3-9 | Transitory provisions .
Spent.
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE (SCOTLAND) ACT 1949
( 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6 c. 94 )
The entry relating to section 9 of
10 1948.
See 1948 s . 9.
Sch. 11 36
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
37
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
THE JUSTICES OF THE PEACE ACT 1949
( 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6 c. 101)
Travelling and subsistence allow-
ances of members of probation
committees and case committees .
Sch. 3
para. 13( 1)
1
Amended 1964 s. 31(1) ; 1967
s. 95(1 ) ; 1968 s. 4(5)(a) .
New subsection substituted
Public Authorities ( Allow-
ances) Act 1961 c. 43 s. 7;
repealed 1968 ss . 4(5) , 8(2)
Sch. 5 Pt. II.
Incorporation of probation com-
mittees.
-
Sch. 3
paras. 4 ( 4 ),
15(1)( a)
Sch. 3
para. 18( 2 )
Sch. 3
para. 2 (1)
Sch. 3
para. 2( 5 )
Sch. 3
para. 3( 4 )
Amended 1967 s. 95(1).
Repealed in part, Adminis-
tration of Justice Act 1973
c. 15 s. 19( 1), Sch. 5 Pt. I.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
xlv
107(2)
( 3 )
THE MAGISTRATES' COURTS ACT 1952
( 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz . 2 c. 55 )
Prohibition of imprisonment for
19 ( 1 )
under-seventeen year olds .
Procedure where magistrates ' court
19 ( 3 )
imposes imprisonment on person
under twenty-one.
110(1) Reference to section 39 of 1967.- Spent.
THE MENTAL HEALTH Аст 1959
( 7 & 8 Eliz. 2 c. 72 )
Sch. 7 Pt. I. Entry relating to section 4 of 1948. | 3 (1) ( 2), |
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE Aст 1961
( 9 & 10 Eliz. 2 c. 39 )
2 ( 2 ) Amendment of 1948 s. 17(1 ). 19( 1)
9 Breach of probation or conditional
discharge by young offenders .
9 Amended, and repealed in
part, 1969 s. 72(3), (4), Sch.
5 para. 45 and Sch. 6.
THE ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE Aст 1964
( 1964 с. 42 )
22 The probation service.
(1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
Sch. 3
Spent inpart.
passim Sch. 3
Amended 1967 s . 95(1); 1971
paras. 1
s. 56(1 ) , Sch . 8 para. 43(2) ;
( 3 ), 2( 3)
para. ( a) repealed 1972 s.
64 ( 2), Sch. 6.
Amended 1967 s . 95(1 ).
( 4 )
( 5 )
Sch. 3
paras. 4,
5, 6( 3),
18 ( 3 )
Sch. 3
para. 16
Sch. 3
para. 15
( 4 )
31( 1 ) inpart Amendment of section 36 of 1949. Sch. 3
para. 13
( 1 )
Remainder of s. 31( 1) re-
pealed, subject to a saving,
by Administration ofJustice
Act 1973 c. 15 s. 19(1),
Sch . 5 Pt. II.
Sch. 3
para. 19( 2 )
( 3 )
Expenses of inner London proba- tioncommittee to be paid out of
moneys provided by Parliament .
Repeal in para. 2( 3) of Sch. 5 to
1948.
51( 3) (a ) Provisions previously in 1964
s. 22 ( 4) now in Sch. 3 to the
Act.
Spent .
xlvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
7
( 1 )
( 2 )
THE CRIMINAL LAW Aст 1967
( 1967 с. 58 )
Powers of dealing with offenders . 18, 30
18 ( 1 )
18 ( 2 ),
30 ( 2 )
30 ( 1 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
Repealed 1968 s. 8( 2), Sch. 5
Pt. II.
Spent.
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
37 Punishment of persistent offenders . 28
( 1 ) Spent with repeal of 1948
ss . 21, 23.
( 2 ) - ( 5) 28
38 Supplementary provisions as to
persistent offenders .
29
( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3) - (5 )
( 6 )
29 ( 1 )
29( 3) - (5)
29 ( 6 )
29 ( 2 ) Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch.
8 para. 2.
( 7 ) 29 (7 )
39 Suspended sentences of imprison- 22
ment.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3) -(6 ) ( 7 ) - (9) 22 (1 ) Amended 1972 s . 11 ( 2) (a) .
22 ( 3 )
Repealed 1972 ss. 11(1),
64 ( 2 ), Sch. 6.
22 ( 4) - (6 )
40 Power of court on conviction of
further offence to deal with
suspended sentence.
23 Extended Criminal Appeal
Act 1968 c. 19 s. 11( 4 );
amended 1971 s. 56(1),
Sch. 8 paras . 2 and 48( a );
1972 s . 11 (2)(b).
41
Courtbywhich suspended sentence
is to be dealt with.
24
( 1) ,( 2 )
( 3 )
24( 1), (2 ) Amended and repealed in
part 1971 s . 56( 1) and ( 4 ),
Sch. 8 paras . 2 and 48( a),
Sch. 11.
- Repealed 1971 s. 56( 4 ) , Sch.
11 .
( 4 )
24 ( 3 )
42
( 1 )
( 2 )
Discovery of further offences.
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
25
25 ( 1 )
25 ( 2 ) Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch.
8 para. 51 .
25 ( 3 ) Amended 1971 s . 56(1), Sch.
8 рага. 2.
25 ( 4 ) 25 ( 5 )
Spent in part.
Repealed in part 1971 S.
56( 4 ), Sch. 11 .
( 6 ) 53
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xlvii
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
47
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE Aст 1967-соntinued
Fines imposed and recognizances
31 , 32
forfeited at assizes and quarter
sessions .
(1 )
( 1A )
- 31 ( 8 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
-
( 4 )
-
( 5 )-
( 6 )-
( 7 )
( 8 )
-
( 9 )- ( 10 ) ( 11 ) , (12 )
Extended 1961 s. 5(5), as
appl. by 1967 s . 50; applied
Industrial Relations Act
1971 c. 72 s. 99(6), Sch. 3
para. 28(1).
31 ( 2 )
Amended 1971 S. 56(1),
Sch. 8 para. 53(1) .
New subsection inserted 1971
s. 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 53(2).
31( 3)
Amended 1971 s . 56( 1), Sch. 8
para. 53( 3).
32 (1 )
Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a) .
Spent.
Repealed 1971 s. 56(1), ( 4),
Sch. 8 para. 53( 4 ), Sch. 11
Pt. IV.
32( 2 ) Amended 1971 s. 56(1) , Sch.8
para. 48( a ) .
31( 8), 32
( 3 ) Amended, and repealed in
part, 1971 s. 56(1), ( 4),
Sch. 8 para. 48( a), Sch. 11
Pt. IV.
32 ( 4) 32 (5 ) Amended 1971 s. 56( 1), Sch. 8
para. 53( 5) .
Amended 1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a) .
32 ( 6 )
Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a) ; repealed in
part 1972 s . 64(2), Sch. 6
Pt. II.
Spent.
48 Enforcement in Scotland of fines
imposed by the Crown Court.
( 1 )inpart 33 Amended1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a) .
( 2 ) Spent.
50 inpart Application of section 5( 5 ) of 1961 . Sch. 5
para. 12
52 Duration ofconditions ofdischarge 7 ( 1 )
53 Substitution of conditional dis-
charge for probation.
11 New subsection ( 2A ) inserted
by 1972 s . 64(1) , Sch. 5.
Subsection (3) amended by
1971 s . 56(1), Sch. 8 para. 2.
54 Miscellaneous provisions as to
probation orders .
( 1 ), ( 2 ) Sch . 1
para. 1( 2 ) ,
Amended 1971 s. 56( 1), Sch. 8
para. 48( a ).
( 3 )
( 3 )- Spent .
( 5 )
6(6 )(a), ( 8) Amended 1971 s. 56(1), Sch. 8
para. 54(2) ; amended and
repealed in part 1972 ss .
21( 1), 64( 2) , Sch. 6.
( 7 ) 3(8), 10 (3)
xlviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE Aст 1967-соntinued
55 Selection of probation officers . 57 Social inquiry report before sentence. 45
Repealed in part 1969 s. 72 ( 4 ),
Sch. 6; spent.
95 Probation and after-care areas and
committees .
( 2 ) ( 3 )
Sch . 3
para. 7
Sch. 3
рага. 7( 2)
( 4 ) , ( 5 ) Repealed 1971 s. 56(4), Sch.
11 Pt. IV.
96 Financial provisions .
1 ) 51 (3 )( f)
( 2 ) Spent .
99 Evidence with respect to offences
punishable in Scotland.
52
106( 3)(b) Extension to Northern Ireland of
s. 38(7 ) .
59 ( 1 )
Sch. 6 para. 6 Amendment of 1948 s. 29(2).
Spent with substitution of
new 1948 s . 29 by 1971
s . 56(1 ), Sch. 8 para. 27.
THE JUSTICES OF THE PEACE ACT 1968
( 1968 с. 69)
4 (5 ) Amendment of 1949 s. 36. Sch. 3
para. 13
( 1) (b )
Spent as to repeal of 1949
s. 36( 2) .
( 6 ) Defrayment of expenses out of
- Spent.
moneys provided by Parliament.
THE CHILDREN AND YOUNG PERSONS ACT 1969
( 1969 с. 54 )
7 ( 2 )
Amendment of 1948 s. 3(1).
2 ( 1 )
Sch. 4
para. 5(2) Transitional provision with respect
to probation orders made before
s. 7( 2 ) came into force .
Spent.
Sch. 5
para. 45 Amendment of 1961 s. 9. 9
THE COURTS ACT 1971
( 1971 с. 23)
53( 2)( a)
Amendment of para. 1(1) of 1948
Sch. 5.
Sch. 3
para. 1(1)
Sch. 8
para. 24 ( a),
( b )
inpart
25
26
Substitution of references to Crown
Court for references to courts of
assize, etc. , in 1948.
Amendment of 1948 s . 8.
Amendment of 1948 s. 14.
6, 8, 12,
19 , 31
8( 2 )
31( 3 ), (6 ),
( 7 )
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT -cont .
xlix
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
27
48( a )
inpart
51
53( 1)
( 2 )
THE COURTS ACT 1971-continued
Substitution of new 1948 s. 29.
42
Substitution of references to Crown
23, 24, 31,
Court for references to courts of
32 , 33,
assize, etc. , in 1967.
Sch. 1
para . 1( 3)
Amendment of 1967 s. 42( 2).
25 ( 2 )( a)
Amendment of 1967 s. 47(1).
31( 2 )
Insertion of new subsection (1A ) in
1967 s. 47.
31 ( 8 ) Separate provision in terms
of subsection (1A ) un-
necessary in Act because
provisions of 1948 s. 14 and
1967 s. 47(1) are brought
together in one section.
Spent.
Spent.
( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 54 (1 ) ( 2 ) Amendment of 1967 s . 47( 2) . Omission of 1967 s. 47(5 ). Amendment of 1967 s. 47(8). Omission of 1967 s. 54 ( 4 ). Amendment of 1967 s. 54(5). 31( 3)
32 ( 4 )
6 ( 6 )
THE INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS ACT 1971
( 1971 с. 72 )
Sch. 3
para 28(1 )
inpart Adaptation of references in 1948- Unnecessary.
s. 14 and 1967 s. 47 to a court of
assize.
217( 5)
inpart
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT 1972
( 1972 с. 70 )
Special provision as respects local
Sch. 3
authority for purposes of 1948 para 19( 2)
Sch. 5 in case of certain probation
and after-care areas .
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE Aст 1972
( 1972 с. 71)
1 Compensation orders against con- 35
victed persons .
( 1) - (5 )
( 6 )
35
Spent.
2 Appeals in the case of compensa-
tion orders.
36
3 Review of compensation orders. 37
4 Effect of compensation order on
subsequent award of damages in
civil proceedings .
38
5 Priority for sums awarded by com-
pensation orders .
The object of this provision
is achieved by the amend-
ment by 1972 Sch. 5 of the
Magistrates' Courts Act
1952 c. 55 s. 114 (1) and
there is no need to preserve
1972 s . 5.
7 Criminal bankruptcy orders against
convicted persons .
( 1) - (6 ) 39
39
1 Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
Section
of Act
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
7( 7 ) Subject Matter
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1972-continued
Criminal bankruptcy orders against
covicted persons. -cont.
Definition not reproduced
because the phrase " crim-
inal bankruptcy proceed-
ings " is not used in the
Act .
8 Appeals in the case of criminal
bankruptcy orders .
40
9 The Official Petitioner.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) Sch. 2
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 41 ( 1 )
para. 14
41 ( 2 )
41 ( 3 )
10 Recovery of assets for benefit of
criminal bankrupt's creditors .
( 1 ) Sch. 2
paras. 8,
10 ( 1 )
( 2)- (5)
Sch. 2
para. 10
( 2 ) - (5)
( 6 )
Sch. 2
para.
10 ( 1 )
11 Amendments with respect to sus-
pended sentences .
( 1 ) Spent.
( 2 )( a)
22 ( 1)
( b )
23(1)( c )
( 3 )
22 ( 2 )
12 Suspended sentence supervision 26
orders.
13
( 1 )
26 ( 1 )
( 2 )
26 ( 2 ), 54
( 3) - ( 5 )
26 ( 3) - (5)
( 6 )
26 ( 3), (6 )
( 7) - (11)
26 ( 7 )- (11)
( 12 ) Unnecessary.
Breach of requirements of sus-
27
pended
sentence supervision
order.
14 ( 1) - ( 4 ) Restriction on imprisonment of
20
persons who have not previously
served prison sentences.
( 5 ) Repeal of First Offenders Act 1958
c . 31. Spent.
15 Community service orders in res-
pect of convicted persons .
( 1 ) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
14 ( 1) - ( 4 )
14 ( 6 )
14 ( 7 ), 54
( 7 ) 54
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont.
li
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1972 -continued
15 ( 8 ) Community service orders in res- 14 ( 8 )
pect of convicted persons . -cont.
( 9 ) 14 ( 5 )
16 Obligations of person subject to
community service order.
15
17 Breach of requirements of com-
munity service order .
16
(1) -(3)
( 4 )
( 5 ) - (7 )
16 (1 ) - (3)
16 ( 4 ), ( 5)
16(6) -(8)
18 Amendment and revocation of
community service orders , and
substitution of other sentences .
17
( 1 ) ( a )
( 1)(b),
17 ( 1 )
17 ( 2 )
( 2 ), ( 3)
( a )
(3)( b) 17 ( 3)
( 4 ) - ( 7 ) 17( 4) -(7 )
19 Community service rules.
( 1), ( 2 ) 48( 1), ( 2)
( 3 ) 54
20(1), ( 2) ( 3 ) ( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
Inclusion in probation order of 4(1), (2)
requirement for attendance at
day training centre.
Application of 1948 s. 3( 5) to such 2 ( 6 )
a requirement.
Effect of such a requirement.
Rules regulating training at day
4 ( 3 )
48( 3)
training centres, etc.
Procedure for making such rules.
Construction of references to
54
4( 4), 48( 4)
attendance at a day training
centre.
21 Penalties for breach ofrequirements
ofprobation order.
( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 6( 3 )( a),
(6 ) (a )
6 ( 3)( b ), 6
( 6) , (8)
6 ( 10 )
22 Deferment of sentence . 1
23 Power to deprive offender of
propertyused, or intended for use,
for purposes of crime .
( 1 )
( 2) - ( 4)
24 Driving
disqualification
where
vehicle used for purposes of crime.
( 1 )
Powers of Crown Court in England
andWales.
43 ( 1 )
43( 3) - (5)
44 ( 1 ),
( 2 )
lii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
POWER OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT-cont .
Section
ofAct
Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
37 THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1972 -continued
Restrictions on imprisonment, etc. ,
21
ofpersons not legally represented.
40 Power of Crown Court to allow
time for payment, or payment by
instalments , ofcosts and compen-
sation.
34
51( 3) Execution of process between
England and Wales and Scotland.
53
52 Functions of probation and after-
care committees in relation to com-
munity service orders .
( 1) - ( 3)
( 4 )
-
( 5 )
Sch . 3
para. 10
Sch. 3
para. 18(1)
Sch. 3
para. 13( 2)
53
Provision of day training centres,
bail hostels , probation hostels, etc.
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 ) Sch. 3
para. 11
49 , 50 (1),
( 3)
51( 3)( b )
51 (6 )
51( 3)(c),
51 ( 7 )
57 ( 1 )
51 ( 2 )
54 Maintenance of persons attending
at day training centres .
55 Provision of accommodation for
probation service.
( 1) - ( 3) Sch. 3
para. 17
( 4 ) Unnecessary.
56 Financial and other provisions as
to probation and after-care com-
mittees.
( 1) , ( 2) ( 3)
( 4 )
Sch. 3
para. 14
( 2 ), ( 3)
Sch. 3
para. 12
Sch. 3 In part unnecessary.
para. 15( 2 )
( 5 )
Spent.
57
Membership of probation and
after-care committees and dele-
gation of their functions .
( 1 )
( 2 )
Sch. 3
рага. 2 ( 4)
Sch. 3
| para. 3(3)
Tables of Derivations and Destinations POWER OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT -cont .
liii
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1973 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE АСТ 1972 -continued
66 Interpretation.
( 3 ) Construction of references to 14(1), 43
offence punishable with im-
( 2 )
prisonment.
( 4 ) Compensation orders , etc., made 57 ( 5 )
on appeal.
Sch. 1 Criminal bankruptcy orders . Sch. 2
para. 1 Sch. 2
para. 4
2 Sch. 2
para. 1
3 ( 1 ) Sch. 2
para. 2
( 2 ) - ( 4 )
Sch. 2
paras. 9,
11 ( 3 )
4
-
Sch . 2
рага. 5
5
Sch. 2
para. 12
6,7
-
Sch. 2
paras. 6, 7
8
-
Sch. 2
para. 11
( 1 ), ( 2)
9
Sch. 2
para. 15
10
Sch. 2
para. 16
11
-
Sch. 2
para. 17
12
Sch. 2
рага. 13
13
-
Sch. 2
para. 3
Sch. 5 Amendments of Criminal Justice 2( 4), 3(1),
inpart Act 1948.
Sch. 1
para. 3(1)
Amendments of 1967-
s. 53
s. 73
s. 74 (12 )
s. 84 (1)
11( 3 )
Sch. 5
para. 23
Sch. 5
para. 24
Sch. 5
para. 25
Amendment substituting new para-
graph 10 for paragraphs 9A, 10
and 11 of Part I of Sch. 9 to the
Administration of Justice Act
1970.
Sch. 5
para. 40
Effect of Legislation lv
TABLE V
Effect of Legislation
Acts and Measures ( in chronological order)
repealed, amended or otherwise affected
by those Acts and Statutory Instruments
which received the Royal Assent or were made during 1973 .
LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS
am.... amended... G.S.M. General Synod Measure
appl.
applied incorp . incorporated
appl. ( mod. )
C.A.M.
applied with modifications mod. modified
Church Assembly Measures restr. restricted
cont.
continued
... rep....
excl.
..
excluded S.I.
repealed Statutory Instrument
expld.
explained S.L.R.
Statute Law Revision
ext. extended subst.
substituted
Session and
Chap. or No. Short title or Subject How affected
of Measure
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
30 Hen. 3 :
13 Edw. 1:
с. 15
11 Ric. 2:
c .10
11 Hen. 7:
c . 12..
...
...
24Hen. 8:
c . 16
5Eliz. 1:
c. 28
...
As to the Laws of Rep.
England being obser-
ved in Ireland [1246].
Statute of Westminster, Rep.
the Second [ 1285] .
No delay of law by privy seal [1387] .
Rep.
AnActe to admyth such Rep.
persons as are poore to
sue in forma pauperis
[ 1495].
An Acte licensyng the Rep.
bochers of London to
kyll theyr cattell within
the walls of the same
cytie [1532].
AnActe for the transla- Rep.
ting of the Bible and
the Dyvine Service into
the Welshe Tongue
[ 1562 ].
55, S.L.R.
55, S.L.R.
55, S.L.R.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39. S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
lvi Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
12Chas. 2:
c . 24
...
Tenures Abolition Act S. 9 rep. ( prosp.)
...
1660.
29, s . 9(1), sch. 3 .
14Chas. 2:
c .4
...
Act of Uniformity 1662 ... Ss. 5 rep. in pt. , 11 rep. ,
13 rep. in pt. , 22, 23
rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
22Chas. 2:
c. 12
Bridges Act 1670 Rep. ... 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
8 & 9 Will . 3 :
c . 8
... ... An Act for encouraging Rep. (1.1.1975)...
the bringing in wrought plate to be coined
[ 1696 ].
c . 20... ... Bank of England Act Rep.
1696.
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
1 Anne:
c. 3 AnAct for continuing the Rep. (1.1.1975)...
Act made in the eighth
year of His late
Majesty's reign for
better preventing the
counterfeiting the
current coin of this
kingdom [ 1702] .
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
6Anne:
c. 8
...
с. 11
...
An Act for securing the Church of England as
by law established
[ 1706].
Unionwith Scotland Act
1706.
S.1 . rep. in pt.
39, S.L peals ).
39, S.L. (Rep-
с. 41...
Succession to the Crown Act 1707.
Articles VI rep. in pt. ,
IX rep. , XIX, s. 3 rep.
inpt.
S. 8 rep .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
10 Anne:
с . 43...
An Act for completing a
chapel of ease in the
lower town of Deal in
the county of Kent by a
duty on waterborn
coals tobe brought into
the said town [ 1711 ]
Ss. 1-5 rep .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2:
c. 5
Riot Act [ 1714].. Rep....
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
6Geo. 1:
c . 11
Plate Duty Act 1719... Rep. (1.1.1975)..
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
12 Geo. 2:
c. 26
Plate (Offences) Act 1738 Rep. ( 1.1.1975 )
43, s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. I.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
15 Geo. 2:
c. 13
c. 20... ...
20 Geo. 2:
c. 30
25 Geo. 2:
c . 37
5Geo. 3 :
c .49
...
12Geo. 3:
c. 72...
Effect of Legislation lvii
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Bank of England Act
1741.
Gold and Silver Thread
Act 1741 .
Rep.... ..
Rep. (1.1.1975)
...
39 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
Treason Act 1746... Rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
.. Murder Act 1751... Rep.
... 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
Bank Notes ( Scotland ) Ss. 2 rep. , 4-6 rep. in pt. 39, S.L. ( Re-
Act1765.
peals ).
Bills of Exchange ( Scot- Ss. 37, 39 rep. ( 25.7.1976 )
land ) Act 1772.
S. 39 rep. in pt.
S. 40 rep . ( 25.7.1976 )...
52, s. 16( 2), sch. 5
Pt. I.
... 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
52 , s. 16( 2), sch. 5
Pt. I.
Ss. 4 , 5 , 9-17, 19-23, 25,
26 гер . ( 1.1.1975) .
Rep. (1.1.1975)...
...
43 , 13, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. II.
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
Excl . ( S.)
S. 2am . ( retrosp . )
Rep .
...
65, s. 86 ( 3) .
58, s. 50.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
13 Geo. 3 :
c. 52
c. 59... ...
Plate Assay (Sheffield and
Birmingham) Act 1772.
Plate ( Offences) Act 1772
14Geo. 3:
c . 48
.. ...
Life Insurance Act 1774
c. 88
... ...
AnAct to establish a fund
towards further defray-
ing the charges of the
administration of
justice and support of
the civil government
within the province of
Quebec in America
[ 1774].
18Geo. 3 :
c. 12 ...
... Taxation of Colonies Rep.
Act 1778 .
24Geo. 3 :
c.20
...
Plate Assay (Sheffield ) Rep. (1.1.1975 )
Act 1784.
...
28 Geo. 3 :
c . 7 ... ...
Gold and Silver Thread Act 1788 .
Rep. (1.1.1975)
... ...
30 Geo. 3:
с. 31
... ... Silver Plate Act 1790 ... Rep. (1.1.1975)... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
43 , s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. II.
43, s . 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
43, s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. I.
lviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
38 Geo. 3 :
c. 69...
Gold Plate ( Standard ) Rep. (1.1.1975)
Act 1798.
43, s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. I.
39 & 40 Geo. 3 :
c. 28
c. 81
..
..
Bank of England Act Rep.
1800.
Hop Trade Act 1800... Rep.
39, S.L. peals ). (Re-
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
45Geo. 3:
c. 89
...
Bank Notes ( Forgery ) Ss. 3-7 rep. in pt.
Act 1805.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
47 Geo. 3 Sess. 2:
c . 15
Plate Assay ( Ireland ) Act Rep. (1.1.1975)
1807.
43, s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. I.
52 Geo. 3:
c . 130
...
c. 156
...
Malicious Damage Act Rep.
1812.
Prisoners of War (Escape) Rep.
Act 1812.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
53 Geo. 3:
c . 117
...
Bridges (Scotland ) Act Rep.
1813.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
54Geo. 3:
с. 146
...
Treason Act 1814... S. 2 rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
55 Geo. 3 :
с. 42...
...
Jury Trials ( Scotland ) S. 1 excl. in pt.
Act 1815.
S. 20 am. (16.5.1975)
52, s . 22(6 ) .
65, s. 214 (2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
1 .
56 Geo. 3 :
c. 96
с. 125
c. 138
Bank of England ( Ad- Rep. 39, S.L. (Re-
vance ) Act 1816. peals ).
.. Malicious Damage ( Scot- Rep. 39 , S.L. ( Re-
land) Act 1816. peals ).
... Pillory Abolition Act Rep. 39, S.L. ( Re-
1816. peals ).
58 Geo. 3 :
c . 29
Fees for Pardons Act Rep.
1818.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
1 & 2Geo. 4:
с. 121
...
Commissariat Accounts Rep.
Act 1821 .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
3 Geo. 4:
c. 33
... ...
RiotousAssemblies (Scot- land ) Act 1822.
S. 10 am. ( 16.5.1975)
...
65, ss . 171 (1 )(a),
214( 2), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 2.
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, SS. 214 ( 2),
237( 1) , sch. 27
Pt. II para. 2,
sch. 29.
Session and
Chap. orNo.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect of Legislation lix
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
3Geo. 4:
c. 33 -cont. Riotous Assemblies ( Scot- Ss. 11-14 rep. ( prosp .)
land ) Act 1822-cont.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
4Geo. 4:
c.48
...
...
c. 79
...
Judgment of Death Act
1823.
AnAct for building addi-
tional places of wor-
ship in the Highlands
and Islands of Scotland
[ 1823].
S. 1 rep. in pt ....
Rep.
...
53, s . 31 ( 3), sch.
5.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
5Geo. 4:
c . 90...
...
AnAct to amend an Act for building additional
places ofworship in the
Highlands and Islands
of Scotland [ 1824] .
Rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
6Geo. 4:
c. 22
...
Jurors (Scotland ) Act S. 1 am. (16.5.1975)
1825.
... 65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
3.
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) ... 65, SS . 214( 2),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 3 ,
sch. 29.
S. 3 subst. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
4 .
Ss. 5, 6 rep. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 7 subst . (16.5.1975 )...
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
5.
S. 8 subst. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
6.
S. 9 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
7.
S. 10 am. (16.5.1975)...
Rep...
Rep....
65, s . 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. I para. 8 .
...
c . 120 c. 47... ... Leasing- making ( Scot-
land ) Act 1825 . c. 87.. ... Consular Advances Act
1825.
... Court of Session Act 1825 S. 28 excl. in pt....
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
...
39, S.L. (Re
peals) .
52 , s. 22( 6 ).
7 & 8 Geo. 4:
с . 20
... Fraudulent Bankrupts Rep.
( Scotland ) Act 1827 .
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
10 Geo. 4:
c . 7 ... ...
Roman Catholic Relief S. 5 rep. in pt.
Act 1829.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
1x Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 Geo. 4 -cont.
c. 38
...
c . 44
...
Criminal Law ( Scotland)
Act 1829.
Metropolitan Police Act
1829.
Rep.... ... ...
Expld. ( prosp.)... ...
S. 1 am. ( prosp. )...
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 2 rep. ( prosp.)...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
15, ss. 5, 20, sch.
1 para. 10( 2).
15, ss. 5, 20, sch.
1 para. 10 (1).
15, ss. 1( 9) (a),
19( 1), 20, sch. 5
Pt. II.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
11 Geo. 4 &
1Will. 4:
c .43
... c. 69
Demise of the Crown Act
1830.
Rep. (except s . 4 ), s. 4 39,
S.L. (Re-
... ... Court ofSession Act 1830 rep . inpt.
S. 2 excl. in pt.... ...
peals ).
52, s. 22( 6 ) .
1Will. 4:
c .4
... ... Colonial Offices Act 1830 Rep.... ... ... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
1 & 2 Will. 4:
с. 22
c. 37... ...
... London Hackney Carri- Ss. 37, 43-45, 59, 60 rep. 39, S.L. (Re-
age Act 1831 .
peals ) .
Truck Act 1831... Excl.... ...
38, s. 70( 2) .
3 & 4 Will. 4:
c . 83 ... Bank Notes Act 1833... Rep.... ... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
c. 98 ... ... Bank of England Act Rep.
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
1833 .
peals ).
5 & 6 Will. 4:
c. 26
Assizes ( Ireland ) Act 1835 S. 2 rep. in pt .
S.I. No. 2163.
c. 50...
Highway Act 1835
Ss. 50, 76 rep. , 78 rep. in 39, S.L. ( Re-
pt.
peals ).
с. 55
c. 62
... ... Sheriffs ( Ireland)Act 1835
Statutory Declarations
Act 1835.
S. 12 am.
...
S.I. No. 2163 .
S. 14 rep. in pt.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
6 & 7 Will. 4:
c. 69... ... Plate (Scotland ) Act 1836
Rep. (1.1.1975)
...
c. 116 Grand Jury (Ireland) Act
1836. S. 171 rep.
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
55, S.L.R.
7 Will. 4 &
1 Vict.:
с. 26 Wills Act 1837
с. 31 Demise of the Crown Act S. 32 rep. in pt. (N.I.)
Rep.
1837.
с. 41... Small Debt ( Scotland ) S. 20 mod....
Act 1837 .
c. 88.. Piracy Act 1837 S. 2 rep. in pt ....
...
55, S.L.R.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 , s. 1 (6) .
53, s. 31(3), sch.
5.
1 & 2 Vict.:
c. 67 West Indian Prisons Act Rep.
1838.
..
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Effect of Legislation lxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1 & 2 Vict. -cont.
с . 119
...
2& 3 Vict.:
c .47..
...
Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) S. 27 rep. ( prosp. )
Act 1838.
...
Metropolitan Police Act S. 4 rep. ( prosp.)
...
1839.
Ss. 51 rep. , 54 para. 9
rep. in pt. , 56, 59 гер.
Municipal Corporations S. 152 rep.
( Ireland ) Act 1840.
...
Ordnance Survey Act
1841.
School Sites Act 1841
...
65, s. 237( 1), sch.
29.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 2095.
3 &4 Vict.:
c. 108
...
4& 5 Vict.:
c. 30
c . 38
... ...
5& 6 Vict.:
c.47
c. 82
... ...
c .94
...
6&7 Vict.:
c. 86
7 & 8 Vict .:
c. 22
c. 32 ..
...
8& 9 Vict.:
c. 18
Customs Act 1842
...
Stamp Duties ( Ireland )
Act 1842.
Defence Act 1842..
London Hackney Carri- Ss. 4, 32 rep.
ages Act 1843.
Gold and Silver Wares
Act1844.
Bank Charter Act 1844
Lands Clauses Consolida-
tion Act 1845.
c . 19 ...... Lands Clauses Consolida-
tion (Scotland) Act
1845.
Am. (S.) (prosp. )
S. 2 third proviso Power to mod.
... 65 , s. 145.
16, s. 2( 3).
Rep . (1.1.1975) ...
S. 7 am....
... 43, s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2163.
Ss. 10, 18 rep. in pt. ( S.) 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Rep. (1.1.1975)... ...
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
Ss. 1 rep. in pt. , 26 rep. 39,
S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 68 am.
26 , s. 63( 1).
S. 76 mod.
26, s. 52(10)( a).
S. 85 excl .
26, s . 52(10)(b).
mod.
26 , s. 57(1).
Ss. 93, 94 saved...
26, s. 53( 6 ).
S. 121 mod... 26, s. 46 (1).
Incorp. in pt... 56, s. 62.
Incorp. in pt....
Appl. ( mod.) 65, s. 70 ( 3).
56 , s. 63( 1).
S. 61 mod. 56 , s. 63( 2 ).
Ss. 67-79 ext .... ... 56 , s. 10 ( 2 ) .
S. 75 mod.
56 , s. 48( 9 )( a).
Ss.75-77, 79 appl. (mod.) 56, s. 50 ( 7 ).
S. 84 excl .
56 , s. 48( 9)( b).mod.
Ss. 91, 92 saved
56, s. 53(1) .
56, s. 49 ( 6 ) .
S. 114 mod.
56 , SS. 43 ( 1 ),
53(1 ), 55( 2)(a) ,
56 (2)(a), (8 ) ,
57 ( 3), 58( 3
sch. 1.
Ixii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Vict. cont.
c. 33
Railways Clauses Con- S. 6 am.......
56 , s. 59.
solidation (Scotland )
incorp. ... 56 , s. 62 .
Act 1845.
incorp. ... ...
65, s. 70 (3).
S. 6 ( 2 ) added 56, s. 61.
Ss. 70 incoгр. , 71-78 56, s. 62.
incorp. as originally
enacted.
Ss. 70-78 incorp. as 65 , s. 70 ( 3).
originally enacted
10 & 11 Vict.:
c. 27
c. 89
... ...
c. 108
13 & 14 Vict.:
c. 85
15 & 16 Vict.:
c. 53
...
16 & 17 Vict.:
c. 2 ...
с. 33 ...
c. 93... с. 127 17 & 18 Vict.:
с . 91
Harbours, Docks and S. 3 definition of 65, s. 154(1), sch .
Piers Clauses Act 1847. " county" am. ( prosp.). 19 para. 1.
S. 7 am. ( prosp. )... 65, s . 154(1), sch .
19рага. 2.
S. 8 am. ( prosp.)... 65, s. 154(1 ), sch .
19para. 3.
S. 9 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 154(1), sch.
19 para. 4.
1847.
Town Police Clauses Act S. 22 rep. (including as
incorp. in any other
Act ).
Rep. ( saving )... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ecclesiastical Commis-
sioners Act 1847.
39, S.L. (Re-
pe peals ).
Assizes ( Ireland )Act 1850
Ss. 1, 2 rep. in pt....
An Act to provide for
the exercise of certain
powers vested in the
Bishop of Quebec in
respect of districts
severed from his dio-
cese [1852] .
Rep.
Bank Notes Act 1852... S. 1 rep. in pt.... ...
London Hackney Carri- Ss. 4-6, 7 proviso rep. ,
age Act 1853 . 10, 17 rep. in pt. , sch.
( A ) rep .
Burgh Harbours ( Scot-
Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
land ) Act 1853 .
London Hackney Carri- Ss. 13-15 rep .
...
age( No. 2) Act 1853 .
S.I. No. 2163 .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
... Lands Valuation ( Scot-
land ) Act 1854. Ss. 39, 41 rep. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
c. 96
... Gold and Silver Wares Rep. (1.1.1975)... ...
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Act 1854. Pt. I.
c. 103... Towns Improvement S. 91 rep. in pt ....
55, S.L.R.
( Ireland ) Act 1854.
c. 112 ...
Literary and Scientific S. 33 rep. in pt.
Institutions Act 1854.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect of Legislation lxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
18 & 19 Vict.:
c. 39
c . 60
c . 68
c . 80
19 & 20 Vict.:
c. 2
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Leasing Powers Act for S. 3 paras. ( 3) ( 5 ) rep. in 55, S.L.R.
Religious Worship in
pt.
Ireland 1855 .
Wedding Rings Act 1855
Rep. (1.1.1975 ) 43, s. 23, sch . 7
Pt. I.
Burial Grounds ( Scot-
land ) Act 1855.
Functions of councils 65, s. 169(1 ) .
transferred to islands
or district councils
S. 1 am.
( prosp. ). S.I. No. 1718 .
Commissioners of Works, works,
Lands in Edinburgh
[ 1855].
Metropolitan Police Act The preamble, s. 1 rep .
1856.
( prosp.).
S. 2 rep, in pt. ( prosp. ) ...
ext. ( prosp. )
S. 5 rep. ( prosp. )
Rep .
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
15, ss. 1 ( 9)(b),
19( 1), 20, sch. 5
Pt. II.
15, s. 1( 9).
15, ss . 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 100
An Act to amend the law
with respect to the
election of directors of
joint stock banks in
England [ 1856] .
22 Vict.:
с. 32
Remission of Penalties S. 1 rep. in pt. ( N.I. )
Act 1859
...
23 & 24 Vict.:
c. 66 Medical Act 1860 Ss. 1 rep. , 5 rep. in pt....
24 & 25 Vict.:
c. 11 Foreign Law Ascertain-
ment Act 1861 . Rep.
c. 69 Tramways (Scotland )Act
1861 . Rep.
c. 78 Rep.
An Act to repeal certain
enactments relating to
nominating and ap-
pointing the house-
holders of Westminster
to serve as annoyance
jurors, and to make
other provisions in lieu
thereof [ 1861 ] .
c .94
Accessories and Abettors
Act 1861 .
c . 97
Malicious Damage Act
1861.
c. 100
Offences against the Per-
son Act 1861 .
S.I. No. 2163 .
39 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 8 saved... ... 47, s. 3( 2 ).
Ss. 1-7, 9-12, 16, 17, 45 53, s. 27, sch. 4
appl . ( N.I.) .
para. 5.
S. 1 rep.... ..
53, s . 31( 3)(6),
sch . 5.
S. 18 appl . (N.Ι.)
53, s. 27, sch. 4
para. 6.
ext.
S. 20 appl . ( N.I.)
47, ss. 1, 7( 2).
53, s. 27, sch. 4
рага. 6.
lxiv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
24 & 25 Vict.:
c. 100 -cont.
25 & 26 Vict.:
c. 19 ...
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
Offences against the Per-
son Act 1861. -cont.
Ss. 20-24, 28, 29 ext .
Ss. 28-30, 47 appl. ( N.I.)
General Pier and Har-
bour Act 1861 , Amend-
ment Act 1862.
Sch. ( B) paras. (1)3 , (3)
am. (S.) (prosp .).
para . ( 3)
( 3 ) rep. in
pt. ( S.) (prosp.).
c. 105...
Highland Roads and Rep. ( prosp.)
Bridges Act 1862.
...
26 &27 Vict.:
с. 35...
c. 76... ...
c. 112 ...
... South Africa Offences
Act 1863 .
Colonial Letters Patent
Act 1863 .
Telegraph Act 1863...
Rep.
...
Rep .
... ...
Ss . 9, 21 rep. in pt. ( N.I.),
21 am. (N.I.), 23 rep.
in pt. (N.I.).
27 & 28 Vict.:
c. 62...
47 , ss. 1, 7( 2 ) .
53, s. 27, sch. 4
para. 6.
65, s. 154(1), sch.
19 para. 5.
65 , ss. 154 ( 1),
237( 1), sch. 19
para. 5, sch.
29 .
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2095.
c. 78... ...
c. 88
Rep .... ... ... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Preamble, s. 1 rep. in pt. 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Rep....
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
Isle of Man Harbours
Amendment Act 1864.
Bank Notes (Ireland ) Act
1864.
An Act for the better
regulation of the traffic
on Westminster Bridge
and for the prevention
ofobstructions thereon
[ 1864 ].
28 & 29 Vict.:
c. 28 AnAct to authorise cer-
tain payments out of
Rep. 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
the land revenues of
the Crown to provide
compensation for cer-
tain claims in the Isle
of Man [ 1865 ] .
c. 56 ... Trespass ( Scotland ) Act
1865. S. 3 rep. in pt.... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
c. 63 Colonial Laws Validity
Excl ....
27, s. 1 ( 2), sch. 1
Act 1865 .
para. 1 .
c. 89... Greenwich Hospital Act
S. 44 rep... 39, S.L.
(Re-
1865.
peals ).
29 & 30 Vict.:
c . 17 Cattle-sheds in Burghs Rep. (prosp . )...
Act 1866.
c. 37 ... ... Hop ( Prevention of Ss. 4, 6 rep ....
Frauds) Act 1866.
c. 39 ... Exchequer and Audit Saved...
Departments Act 1866.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
63 , s.4 ( 7 ).
Effect ofLegislation lxv
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject 30 & 31 Vict .:
c. 80
Valuation of Lands ( Scot- land ) Amendment Act
1867.
c . 134
Metropolitan Streets Act...
1867. S. 5 rep. ( prosp.)
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
Ss. 4 definition of " the
special limits of this
Act", 8, 26rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
31 &32 Vict.:
c. 24...
c. 37...
c . 64 ...
... c . 100
c. 118 Capital Punishment S. 2 rep. in pt.
Amendment Act 1868 .
S. 8 am.
Documentary Evidence Appl. ( mod . ) ( E. )
Act 1868 .
... ...
53, s. 31(3), sch.
5 .
..
S.I. No. 2163 .
37, s. 2( 7), sch. 2
para. 13( 3).
Appl. (N.I.)
Sch. am. ( prosp. )
53, s. 18( 8).
38, s. 49( 4), sch .
am. ... ...
S. 15 rep. ( 25.7.1976)
{
...
41, s. 1(6 ), sch. 1
para. 6.
S.I. No. 2163.
Land Registers ( Scotland )
Act 1868.
Court of SessionAct 1868 52, s. 16( 2 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 45 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214(2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
9 .
S. 91 appl....
9, s. 16( 9).
Public Schools Act 1868 Ss. 5 rep. in pt . ( saving), 39, S.L. ( Re-
6 rep. ( saving), 8(2)(3),
peals) .
9-11 rep. in pt. , 14, 22
rep. , 24 rep. (saving),
26, 32 rep. in pt.
32 & 33 Vict.:
c. 24
c. 31...
c. 56
с. 115...
Newspapers, Printers and Sch. 2 rep. in pt .
Reading Rooms Repeal
Act 1869.
Oyster and Mussel Rep.
Fisheries Orders Con-
firmation Act 1869
( No. 2 ).
Endowed Schools Act Rep.
...
1869.
Metropolitan Public S. 9 (3) proviso rep....
Carriage Act 1869 .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
16, s. 1 (1 )(b)(4),
sch. 2 Pt. II.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
33 & 34 Vict.:
c. 52
Extradition Act 1870 Ss. 17, 22 ext .
Sch. 1 am....
47, s. 27(1).
47, s. 5(1) .
c.90
...
Foreign Enlistment Act S. 26 rep . in pt.
S.I. No. 2163 .
1870.
34 & 35 Vict.:
c. 50
Bankruptcy Disqualifica-...
Ss. 2, 4 rep. in pt. , 5 rep. 39, S.L. ( Re-
tion Act 1871 .
с. 112
Prevention of Crimes Act
... S. 6(12 ) am.
peals )
...
S.I. No. 2163.
1871.
S. 15 rep. in pt. ( N.I.)...
55, S.L.R.
36 & 37 Vict.:
c . 12
...
c. 22
Part III
... Custody of Infants Act
1873. Preamble, s. 2rep. ( prosp. ) 29, s. 9(1), sch. 3.
Australian Colonies
Duties Act 1873 . Rep. 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
U
lxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
36 & 37 Vict.-
cont.
c.48 Regulation of Railways S. 6 rep. in pt... ...
Act 1873 .
c. 60 Extradition Act 1873 Sch. rep. in pt.
55, S.L.R.
c. 62 39, S.L. peals ). (Re-
39. S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 87 Public Schools ( Eton Rep....
College Property) Act
1873.
Endowed Schools Act Rep.
1873.
16, s. 1(1)(b)(4),
sch . 2 Pt. II .
37 & 38 Vict.:
c. 38
Straits Settlements
Rep .
Offences Act 1874.
c. 48... Hosiery Manufacture
Excl.
( Wages) Act 1874.
c. 81 Great Seal ( Offices) Act S. 8 rep. in pt.
1874 .
c. 88 Births and Deaths Regis-
tration Act 1874. c. 94
Conveyancing ( Scotland)
Act 1874.
S. 28 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 39 appl. ( 25.7.1976) ... ... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
38, s. 70(2).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
... 32 , s. 57, sch . 5.
52, s. 5(2).
38 & 39 Vict.:
c. 17 ..
Explosives Act 1875
... S. 26 am. ( N.I. ) ...
S. 55 am. (N.Ι.)...
Ss. 57, 62, 83, 103 am.
( Ν.Ι. ).
S. 109(1 ) rep. ( prosp.) S. 110.1 subst. (16.5.1975) S.I. No. 2163.
53, s. 14.
S.I. No. 2163 .
с. 21 ..
c. 34...
с. 51
c. 53
c. 90... ...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
10.
S. 110.2 rep. in pt. 65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ), 3 rep. ( prosp.). 29.
S. 111( a ) subst. ( 16.5.1975) 65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
11 .
Ss. 111(c ), 112 rep. 65, s . 237(1) , sch .
( prosp. ). 29.
Public
Act 1875.
Entertainments Rep . peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
Bishopric of St. Albans
39, S.L.
Rep. ( saving) (Re-...
Act 1875 .
peals).
Pacific Islanders Protec-
Schs . A, B rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
tion Act 1875 .
peals).
Canada Copyright Act
Rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
1875.
peals ).
Employers and Workmen
Rep. (G.B.)
39, S.L. (Re-
Act 1875.
peals ).
39 &40 Vict.:
c. 36
c. 54
с. 59
Customs Consolidation
S. 42 rep. in pt . (1.1.1975) 43, s. 23, sch. 7
Act 1876.
Bishopric of Truro Act
1876.
Rep. (saving)
Appellate Jurisdiction S. 6 rep. in pt...
Act 1876.
S. 7 rep . ... ...
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
15, s . 19 (1 ) , sch. 4
para. 4, sch. 5
Pt. V.
Effect of Legislation lxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
39 & 40 Vict.-
cont .
c. 76... Municipal Privilege Act, Rep. (sheriffs)
Ireland 1876.
S.I. No. 2095.
c. 77... ... Cruelty to Animals Act
1876. Appl.
... ...
c. 78 ... ... Juries Procedure ( Ireland )
Act 1876. S. 9 rep. in pt.... ...
57, s. 8( 3).
S.I. No. 2163.
40 &41 Vict.:
с . 41... Crown Office Act 1877 Ss. 3 proviso ( 2 ) rep. in
pt. ( E.) (prosp. ), 5 para.
( 1) rep. ( E.) ( prosp.).
c . 47... ... South Africa Act 1877 ... Rep....
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
S.I. No. 2163 .
c. 56... ... County Officers and S. 21 rep. in pt. and am.
Courts (Ireland ) Act
1877.
c. 57... Supreme Court of Judica- Ss. 19, 20 rep.
ture Act (Ireland) 1877.
c. 59 ... ...
... 15 , ss. 19( 1),
21( 2 ), sch. 4
para. 4, sch. 5
Pt. V.
S. 63 rep. in pt. Colonial Stock Act 1877 S. 20 mod.... ...
S.I. No. 2163 .
27, s. 4(3), sch . 2
para. 9.
41 & 42 Vict.:
c. 8
с. 15...
Public Parks ( Scotland ) Functions of local author- 65, s. 139.
Act 1878.
ities now exercised by
regional, islands or
district councils
( prosp.).
Ss. 2, 21 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ), 27 definition
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
of " burgh " rep .
( prosp. ).
Customs and Inland
Revenue Act 1878.
Rep .
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 51...
Roads and Bridges ( Scot- Am. ( prosp.)
... ...
land) Act 1878.
S. 3 definitions of-
66 proper officer " added
( prosp . )
"tolls" rep.... ...
65 , s. 133( 1), sch.
14para. 1.
S. 11 subst . ( prosp.)
Ss. 32, 37, 39, 40 rep .
S. 41 am. ( prosp. )
S. 42 am. ( prosp.)
S. 44 rep. in pt.
S. 45 subst. ( prosp.)
S. 47 subst. ( prosp.)
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 2.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
65, s. 133( 1) , sch.
14para. 3.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
65, s. 133( 1), sch.
14para. 4 .
65 , s. 133(1), sch.
14 para. 5.
39, S.L. peals ). (Re-
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 6.
65 , s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 7.
Part III
U2
lxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
41 & 42 Vict.:
c. 51 -cont. Roads and Bridges ( Scot-
land ) Act 1878 -cont. Ss. 53, 56 rep .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 58 subst. ( prosp .)...
65 , s. 133 (1), sch .
14 para. 8.
Ss. 69, 70, 75, 87 rep., 88
39, S.L. ( Re-
rep.(saving ),89, 90 , 93,
peals ) .
96 , 98, 99 rep.
S. 109 am. ( prosp. )
...
65 , s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 9.
Ss. 113, 119, 121 гер .
...
39, S.L. peals ). ( Re-
S. 123 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 10.
S. 124 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 133( 1), sch.
14para . 11 .
Sch . C. ss . LXXXI,
65, s. 133(1), sch.
LXXXIII , XCI, XCII ,
14 para. 12.
CII , CIII , CV, CVÍ
am. ( prosp. ).
c.68... ... Bishoprics Act 1878...
Rep. ( except ss. 1, 5 )
( saving ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
S. 5 am....
39, s. 1 ( 2), sch. 2
para. 1 .
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
42 &43 Vict.:
c. 27 ...
...
43 Vict.:
c. 7
43 &44 Vict.:
c.16 ...
...
44 &45 Vict.:
c. 12...
...
с . 24...
c. 65... ...
45 &46 Vict.:
c. 27...
c. 38
с .49
... ...
... ...
Convention of Royal Rep. ( prosp. )
Burghs (Scotland) Act
1879.
Roads Amendment Act Rep.
1880.
Merchant Seamen ( Pay- Rep. (G.B.)
ment of Wages and
Rating) Act 1880.
Customs and Inland S. 29 am. (N.I. )
...
Revenue Act 1881 .
Summary Jurisdiction S. 4 ext. ( prosp. )
( Process) Act 1881 .
Leases for Schools ( Ire-
S. 2paras. ( b)(d ) rep. in pt. land) Act 1881 .
Highway Rate Assess- Rep.
ment and Expenditure
Act 1882.
Settled Land Act 1882...
Militia Act 1882 ... S. 20(3) rep ....
S. 29 rep. (S.) ( prosp.)...
S. 30(4) am. ( S.) ( prosp.)
S. 31 am. ( S. )( prosp. )
...
S. 32 am. (S.) ( prosp .)
S. 34 ( 2 ) am. ( S.)
( 16.5.1975 ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2163 .
62 , s. 53.
55, S.L.R.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
55, S.L.R.
65, s. 237(1 ) sch.
29.
65, s . 205( 5).
65, s. 205(6) .
65, s. 205(5)(6) .
65, s. 214 (2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
12 .
Effect ofLegislation lxix
Sessionand
Chap . or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
45 &46 Vict.:
c . 49 - cont. Militia Act 1882 -cont.
c.50... ...
Ss. 48 rep. (S.) ( prosp.),
52 rep. ( prosp. ).
S. 53( 4) rep. , ( 5 ) rep. in pt.
Municipal Corporations Ss. 7( 1) definitions of
Act 1882.
corporate seal ",“
" parliamentary elec-
tion" county " ,
“boroughcivil court" ,
( 3 ), 31 rep.
Ss. 105, 154, 156-158,
159(3) - (5),
5 ) . 187
rep.
( prosp . ).
S. 231 rep.
... ...
S. 234 rep. ( prosp. ) ...
Ss. 237, 241, 242( 2) rep.
S. 250( 4)(5) rep. ( prosp.)
S. 255 rep. in pt....
S. 258 rep. ( prosp.), sch. 5
Pt. II para 3 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 9 rep. in pt.
Electric Lighting Act S. 31 ( b) am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29 .
S.I. No. 2163 .
15, ss. 19( 1), 20
( 6 ) , sch. 5 Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
15, ss. 19( 1), 20
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
15, ss. 19( 1), 20
sch. 5 Pt. II.
15, ss. 19 (1) , 20
( 6 ), sch. 5Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
15, ss. 19(1), 20
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
15, ss. 19( 1) , 20 ,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
... 15, ss. 19( 1), 20
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
c. 56...
65, s . 214(2), sch .
1882.
27 Pt. II para.
13.
S. 36 definition of " local 65, s. 214( 2), sch .
am.
authority 27 Pt. II para.
( 16.5.1975 ). 14 .
с .61
... ... Bills of Exchange Act
S. 100 rep. in pt. 52, s . 16( 2), sch . 5
c.72
1882. ( 25.7.1976 ).
Pt. I.
... ... Revenue, Friendly Socie- S. 6 rep....
...
ties and National Debt
39, S.L. ( Re-
Act 1882.
peals ).
46 &47 Vict.:
c .3 Explosive Substances Act S. 2 ext.
1883. Ss. 2 , 3 ext. ( N.I.)
S. 4 ext. ( N.I.)..
S. 49 rep....
47 , ss. 1, 7( 2 ) .
53, ss . 7, 27, sch.
4para. 7.
53, s. 27. sch. 4
рага. 7.
55, S.L.R.
c.51...
Corrupt Corrupt and Illegal Prac-
tices Prevention Act
1883.
c. 52... Bankruptcy Act 1883... S. 32(1)(a) rep in pt....
c. 55... ... Revenue Act 1883... Ss. 10, 11 rep. (1.1.1975)
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
47 &48 Vict.:
c .17... Metropolitan Police Act Rep.
... ... ...
1884.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Part III U3
lxx Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
47 & 48 Vict.-
cont.
c . 62
c. 66
... ... Revenue Act 1884
Ss. 4, 5 rep. (1.1.1975 ) ...
...
Bishopric of Bristol Act Ss. 2 rep. (saving), 3
1884. paras. (1) rep. in pt.
( saving ), ( 3) , ( 5 ), sch.
rep. ( saving ) .
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
48 & 49 Vict .:
с. 61...
Secretary for Scotland Sch . Pt. I rep. in pt.
Act 1885.
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
49 &50 Vict.:
c. 22... Metropolitan Police Act
1886. S. 5 rep.
c. 27 ... Guardianship of Infants
Act 1886. S. 5 am. ( prosp.)
...
...
c. 29 ... ...
Crofters Holdings (Scot- land ) Act 1886.
S. 2 excl .
...
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
29. SS. 11 ( 1 ),
, 12 ( 2 ) ( a), 14,
sch. 5 para. 1 .
56, s. 45(2)(3)(6 ).
50 & 51 Vict.:
c. 20 ...
Criminal Law and Pro-
cedure (Ireland ) Act
1887.
c. 35...
Criminal Procedure (Scot- land ) Act 1887 .
Am. , ss. 5-7 rep. in pt.
Ss. 5 rep. in pt. , 6, 7 rep. ,
12( 2) -(4), 13 , 17, 18
rep. in pt.
Ss. 12(1 ), 13, 15 rep. in pt.
S. 47 am. (16.5.1975)
...
S.I. No. 2163 .
53, s. 31( 3), sch.
5 .
c. 42
Public Libraries Consoli-
dation (Scotland ) Act
1887.
S.I. No. 2163.
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
15.
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214( 2 ),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 15,
sch . 29 .
S. 2 subst. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 163( 4), sch.
21 para. 2 .
Ss. 4-6 rep. ( prosp.)
...
65 , SS. 163( 4 ),
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 1, sch.
29.
S. 10 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 163( 4 ), sch.
21 para. 3.
Ss. 14, 17-20 rep. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 163( 4 ),
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 1, sch.
29.
S. 21 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s . 163( 4), sch.
21 para . 4 ( a )
( b )( d )(e ) .
S. 21 rep. in pt. (prosp. ) 65, ss. 163 ( 4 ),
237 ( 1), sch. 21
para. 4( c )( e ),
S. 22 am. ( prosp. )...
sch. 29.
65, s. 163( 4), sch.
21 para. 5( a)
( c ) ( d ).
rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss . 163 ( 4 ),
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 5( b), sch.
29.
Effect ofLegislation lxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
50 & 51 Vict.:
c. 42 -cont.
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Public Libraries Consoli-
dation (Scotland) Act
1887 -cont.
S. 23 rep. ( prosp. )
... 65 , ss. 163( 4 ),
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 1 , sch.
29 .
S. 24 subst. (prosp.)
...
65 , s. 163 ( 4 ) , sch.
21para . 6.
Ss. 25-27 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65 , ss. 163( 4 ),
237(1), sch. 21
para. 1 , sch.
29 .
S. 28 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 163( 4), sch.
21 para. 7( a)
( b ).
rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 163( 4),
237 ( 1) , sch. 21
para. 7(c ), sch.
29 .
Ss. 29, 30, schs. ( A ), ( B) 65, ss. 163( 4),
rep. ( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 1, sch.
29 .
c . 43
... Stannaries Act 1887
c. 46
... Truck Amendment Act Excl.
S. 2 rep. in pt. ( E. ) ( S.) 39, s. 1( 2 ), sch. 2
38, s. 70 ( 2).
1887. and am. ( E. ) (S.) . para. 2.
c.48
... County Court Appeals
S. 16 am.... ... S.I. No. 2163.
( Ireland ) Act 1889.
c. 51... ...
Valuation of Lands ( Scot-
S. 2 rep. ( prosp.)... 65, s. 237(1) , sch.
land ) Amendment Act
29 .
1887.
c. 55... ... Sheriffs Act 1887... S. 3( 3) rep. in pt.... 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
52 & 53 Vict.:
c. 50...
c. 63 .. ...
Local Government ( Scot- Ss. 11(1)( 3)(5 ), 14 rep. 65, s. 237( 1), sch.
land) Act 1889. ( prosp. ).
29 .
S. 16 rep. ( prosp. )
... 65 , ss. 133(1),
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 13, sch.
29.
Ss. 39, 40 rep. ( prosp.) ... S. 41 rep. ( prosp. )
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
...
65 , ss. 133( 1) ,
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 14 , sch.
29.
Ss. 42, 58, 67 rep. ( prosp. )
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
Interpretation Act 1889 S. 18 para. ( 3) restr. 27, s. 4(1).
S. 26 appl. ( mod. )( prosp.) 58, SS. 46 ( 4 ),
57 ( 8).
S. 32( 3) saved ( E.)
32, s. 7(7)(b ).
S. 33 saved saved( N.I. )
...
...
41 , s. 26 .
53, s. 20 ( 4 ) .
S. 38 excl. ( S.) ( 25.7.1976 )
52, s. 16( 3).
appl. ( N.I. )...
53, s. 31( 4 ) .
saved ( E.) ...
14, s. 21( 5 ) .
18, s. 54( 2 ).
Part III
U4
1xxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
52 & 53 Vict.:
c. 63 -cont.
Interpretation Act 1889-
cont .
c . 69... ...
S. 38 saved... { 18:33 :
58, s. 54( 8) .
saved ( E. ) ( S. ) 62, s. 56(1).
( prosp. ) . saved( prosp. )
... 38, s. 100( 4).
S. 38(1) saved (S.)
65, s. 237( 2 ) .
S. 38( 2) appl. ( prosp . )
{
9, s. 23( 2 ), sch. 3
para. 4.
67 , s. 10 ( 6 ).
appl . (E.) ( prosp.)
37, s. 19( 8) .
appl. ( N.I.)
53, s. 30( 7 ).
( prosp .) .
appl . (1.1.1975)
63, s. 7( 5).
Public Bodies Corrupt S. 7 ext .
... ...
64, s. 1( 3), sch. 1
Practices Act 1889.
para. 12.
53 &54 Vict.:
c. 8
c. 25
... Customs and Inland S. 17 rep. (1.1.1975)...
Revenue Act 1890.
Barracks Act 1890
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
... S. 10 rep.
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
c. 27
Colonial Courts of
Admiralty Act 1890. c. 37... Foreign Jurisdiction Act
1890.
Ss. 4 excl. , 7 restr.... 27, s. 1 ( 2), sch. 1
para. 4.
Ss. 14 , 15 , 17 rep. , sch. 1 39, S.L. ( Re-
rep. in pt. , sch. 2 rep.
peals ).
54 & 55 Vict.:
c. 13
Taxes (Regulation of Re-
Rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
muneration) Act 1891 .
peals ).
c. 32...
Roads and Streets in
Rep. (prosp. )... ...
65 , ss. 133(1) ,
Police Burghs (Scot-
237(1), sch. 14
land) Act 1891 .
para. 15, sch.
29.
c. 36 Consular Salaries and...
S. 4, sch. rep .
39, S.L. (Re-
Fees Act 1891 .
peals ).
c. 38
Stamp Duties Manage-
Power to appl. (mod.)
38, s. 1( 4) , sch. 1
ment Act 1891 .
S. 9( 7 ) proviso ( c ) rep.
( 6.4.1975 ) . 55, S.L.R.
para. 6( 3).
( Ν.Ι. ).
c. 39... Stamp Act 1891 ...
... S. 9 Power to
rto appl. ( mod. ) 38 , s. 1( 4 ), sch. 1
( 6.4.1975 ).
para. 6( 3).
S. 12 appl .... ...
51, s. 47( 6 ) .
Ss. 82 rep. , 83 rep. in pt. 51, s. 59( 7), sch.
22Pt. V.
Ss. 112, 113 rep....
51, ss. 49(1), 59
( 7 ), sch. 22 Pt.
V.
Sch. 1 rep. in pt....
51, ss. 49( 3), 59
( 7 ), sch. 22 Pt.
V.
Sch. 1 (" Conveyance or
51, s. 47( 8), sch .
Transfer on Sale ")
19 para. 13.
appl. ( mod.).
c.48...
Purchase of Land ( Ire- Ss. 8(3)- (5), ( 7 )- (9), 42
55, S.L.R.land ) Act 1891 . definitions of " Local
Government Board ",
Effect ofLegislation lxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
54 & 55 Vict.:
c.48 -cont.
Purchase of Land ( Ire-
land ) Act 1891 -cont. 55 &56 Vict .:
c .12 ...
...
Roads and Bridges (Scot- land ) Amendment Act
1892.
" Local Taxation (Ire-
land )Account ", " Irish
probate duty grant ",
" assizes ", local
,
grants ", " land judge"
rep.
S. 4 am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 5 rep. (prosp. )
...
c .43...
c . 54...
...
65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 16.
65 , ss. 209(1 ),
237(1), sch . 25
para. 1 , sch.
29 .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
65, s. 140.
c.55... ...
Military Lands Act 1892
Allotments ( Scotland )
Act 1892
Ss. 9 rep., 24 rep. in pt.
Functions of local autho-
rities now exercised by
islands and district
councils ( prosp.).
S. 2(1) am. (16.5.1975) ...
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
16 .
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 6(2 ) am. (16.5.1975) ...
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
17.
S. 8( 2 ) am. (16.5.1975 )
...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
18.
S. 14 am. (16.5.1975)
...
65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
19 .
Ss. 15 rep. in pt. ( prosp . ),
65, s . 237(1), sch .
16 definitions of
29.
66
66burgh " , " county ",
county elector ",
" district ", "district
committee "
rep
( prosp. ).
S. 16 definition of 65,3 . 214 ( 2), sch.
"local authority"
am.
27 Pt. II para.
( 16.5.1975 ) .
20 .
Burgh Police ( Scotland ) Rep. ( 31.12.1979 )
...
Act 1892.
S. 4(8)(9) rep. ( prosp.)
65, s. 229(1 ) .
65 , ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 6( a) , sch.
29 .
S. 4(13A ) added ( prosp. ) 65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 6( b).
S. 4(27 ) am. ( prosp.)
65 , s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1 .
S. 4(28) am. ( prosp.)
... 65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 рага. 3.
lxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
55 & 56 Vict.:
Burgh Police ( Scotland)
c. 55 -cont. Act 1892-cont.
S. 4(28A ) added ( prosp. )
S. 15 rep ( prosp. )
...
S. 20 am. ( prosp.)
S. 27(2) am. ( prosp.)
S. 42 rep. ( prosp. )
...
...
...
S. 55 am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 99 am. (prosp. )
...
Ss. 100, 101 rep. ( prosp.)
Ss. 104-112 am. ( prosp.)
S. 105 am. (prosp.)
S. 114 am. ( prosp.)
S. 115 am. ( prosp.)
S. 116 am. ( prosp. )
S. 117 am. ( prosp.)
S. 118 am. ( prosp.)
S. 119 am. (prosp. )
...
...
...
...
S. 120 am. ( prosp.)
S. 121 am. ( prosp.)
...
...
Ss. 122, 123 am. (prosp. )
S. 123 am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 125 am. (prosp. )
...
S. 126 am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 127 am. ( prosp. )
..
S. 128 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 рага. 6( c).
65 , ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 7, sch.
29.
65 , s. 229( 1), sch.
28 para. 8.
65, s. 229( 1 ), sch.
28 para. 9.
65, ss. 229(1 ) ,
237( 1), sch . 28
para. 10, sch.
29 .
65, s. 229( 1) , sch .
28 para. 11 .
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1 .
65, ss. 229( 1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 12 , sch.
29.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 13.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1 .
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 14.
65 , s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1 .
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 15.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 16.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 17.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 paras. 1, 18 .
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 19.
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 1 .
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 20.
65, s. 229(1) , sch .
28 para. 1.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 paras. 2, 21 .
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28para. 1.
65, ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 22, sch .
29.
65, s . 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 22.
Effect of Legislation lxxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
55 & 56 Vict.:
c. 55 -cont. Burgh Police ( Scotland )
Act 1892 -cont.
Ss. 129 , 131 , 132 am.
( prosp .).
S. 133 am. ( prosp. )...
Ss . 133-135 appl. ( prosp. )
S. 134 am. (prosp. )
Ss. 135, 137 am. ( prosp. )
Ss. 137-143 appl. (prosp.)
S. 138 am. ( prosp. )
Ss. 139, 140-142 am.
( prosp.)
Ss. 144, 145 am. ( prosp.)
S. 145 am. ( prosp.)
65 , s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 3 .
65, s . 229(1), sch .
28 para. 23.
65, s. 133(1 ), sch .
14 para. 43.
65, s. 229(1 ) , sch .
28paras. 3, 24.
65, s. 229(1) , sch .
28 para. 3.
65, s. 133( 1), sch .
14para. 43.
65, s . 229(1), sch .
28 para. 25.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 3.
65, s . 229(1), sch .
28 para. 1 .
65, s . 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 26.
Ss. 149-152 am. ( prosp.)
S. 150 rep . in pt. ( prosp.)
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 3.
65, ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 27, sch.
29.
Ss. 150, 151 appl. ( prosp. )
S. 151 am. (prosp.)
S. 154 appl. ( prosp. )
S. 154 am. ( prosp.)
S. 155 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14paгa. 43.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 28.
... 65, s. 133(1 ), sch .
14para. 43.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 29.
65, s . 229(1) , sch .
28 para. 1 .
Ss . 156-160, 162-164 am.
( prosp. ).
S. 165 am. (prosp.)
S. 168 am. (prosp.)
S. 175 am. (prosp.)
S. 186 am. ( prosp.)
S. 190 am. ( prosp.)
S. 201 rep. ( prosp. )
65, s. 229( 1 ), sch.
28 para. 3.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 5.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 30.
65, s. 229(1) , sch .
28 para. 1.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 31 .
...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 3.
...
65, ss . 229(1), 237
( 1 ), sch. 28
para. 32, sch .
29.
S. 207 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1 ), sch. 28
para. 33, sch.
29 .
lxxvi Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
55 & 56 Vict.:
c. 55 -cont.
Burgh Police ( Scotland )
Act 1892-cont. S. 210 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 229(1),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 34, sch.
29.
Ss . 210-213 am. (prosp . )
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 4.
S. 223 rep . ( prosp. )
65, ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 35, sch.
29 .
S. 228 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28рага. 3.
S. 233 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 4.
Ss. 243, 244 am. ( prosp. )
65 , s. 229( 1), sch.
28 para. 1 .
Ss. 247, 248 am. ( prosp .)
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 2.
S. 248 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 36.
S. 250 am. (prosp.)
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 рага. 2.
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65, ss. 229(1), 237
( 1) , sch. 28
para. 37 , sch.
29.
Ss . 254-256 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1.
S. 257 rep. ( prosp.)...
65,
ss. 229(1),
237(1), sch . 28
para. 38, sch.
29 .
Ss . 270-272 am. ( prosp.)
65, s . 229 (1), sch.
28рага. 2.
Ss. 273, 274 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 1 .
S. 275 am. ( prosp. ) ...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 2.
Ss. 277, 285 am. ( prosp .)
65 , s. 229(1), sch.
28para . 1.
S. 287 am. ( prosp. ) ...
65 , s. 229 (1) , sch.
28para. 39.
S. 288 am. ( prosp. )
...
65 , s. 229(1), sch.
28 рага. 1 .
Ss. 296, 297 rep. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237 ( 1), sch. 28
para. 40, sch .
29 .
S. 300 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 2.
Ss. 301-303 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 1.
S. 304 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28para . 2.
S. 305 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 229( 1), sch.
28 рага. 41.
S. 306 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28paras. 1, 42.
Effect ofLegislation lxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
55 & 56 Vict.:
Burgh Police ( Scotland )
c. 55 -cont. Act 1892-cont.
S. 307 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s . 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 43.
Ss. 308, 309 am. (prosp. )
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 1.
S. 310 rep. ( prosp. ) ...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 44, sch.
29.
Ss. 311-314 am. (prosp.)
65, s . 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 1.
S. 312 am. ( prosp.) ...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 45.
S. 316 am. ( prosp.) ...
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 46.
Ss. 325-332 am. (prosp .)
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 5.
S. 325 am. (prosp.) ...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 47.
S. 330 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 рага. 48.
Ss. 334, 339 am. ( prosp. )
65, s . 229(1 ), sch.
28 рага. 5.
S. 339 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 229(1),
237(1 ), sch. 28
para. 49, sch.
29.
S. 341 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 5.
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 50 , sch.
29.
S. 365 am. (prosp. ) ...
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 paras . 5, 51 .
S. 367 am. ( prosp.) ...
65, s . 229( 1), sch .
28 para. 52.
Ss. 367-369 am. ( prosp . )
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 5.
S. 369 am. ( prosp. ) ...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 53 .
S. 372 am. (prosp.) ...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 paras . 5, 54.
S. 374 am. ( prosp. ) ...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 5.
S. 381 (1) am. ( prosp. ) ... 65, s . 229(1), sch .
28 рага. 1 .
S. 381(10) am. ( prosp. ) 65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 55.
S. 381 (29) am. (prosp.) 65, s . 229(1), sch.
28 paras. 1 , 55.
S. 381( 49 ) am. (prosp . ) 65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 55.
S. 383 am. ( prosp . )... 65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 2.
S. 385 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 56.
Ss. 386, 387, 392 am.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
( prosp. )
28 para. 1.
lxxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
55 & 56 Vict.: Burgh Police (Scotland )
c. 55 -cont. Act 1892 -cont.
Ss . 395-397 am. ( prosp.)
S. 396 am. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 399, 400 am. ( prosp. )
S. 411 rep. ( prosp . )...
Ss. 416, 417 am. ( prosp.)
S. 428 rep . ( prosp.)
...
S. 432 rep . ( prosp.)
...
S. 433 am. ( prosp. )
c. 59
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 2.
65, s . 209(1), sch.
25 para. 2.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
65 , 28 para. 2.
ss. 229(1),
237( 1) , sch. 28
para. 57, sch.
29.
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28, para. 4.
65, SS . 229( 1),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 58, sch.
29.
65. SS. 229(1),
237(1 ) , sch. 28
para. 59, sch .
29.
65. SS. 209( 1),
229(1 ) , sch. 25
para. 3, sch . 28
para. 2.
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 2.
65, s . 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 60.
65, s . 229(1 ) , sch .
28 para . 2.
S.I. No. 2095.
56 & 57 Vict.:
c. 5
c. 22
c. 32
..
c. 71 .. Telegraph Act 1892...
...
...
...
Regimental Debts Act
1893
Appeal (Forma Pauperis)
Act 1893
Barbed Wire Act 1893
S. 449, sch. V para. ( 2 )
am. ( prosp. )
Sch. V para. ( 2)( d ) am.
( prosp.) paras. ( 3)( 6 )(9)
( 23 ) am. ( prosp. )
Ss. 3 am. (N.I.), 9 defini-
tions of " urban
sanitary authority ",
" urban sanitary dis-
trict" rep. ( Ν.Ι.),
11 am.
Ss. 16, 29 definitions of
39 ,
S.L. ( Re-
"representation" , peals ).
" official administra-
tor " rep. in pt .
Rep.
S. 2 am. ( prosp. )
S. 3(1)(2) am. (prosp.)
...
S. 4 am. (prosp.)
Sale of Goods Act 1893 S. 11 (1)(c) excl....
S. 12 subst.
S. 13 renumbered as s. 13 ( 1 ), ( 2 ) added
S. 14 subst.
S. 55 subst.
S. 55A added
S. 61 (6 ) added
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 17.
65, s . 133( 1), sch.
14para. 18.
65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 19.
13, s. 14 (1).
13, s. 1.
13 , s. 2.
13, s. 3.
13, s. 4 .
13, s. 5(1).
13, s. 6.
Effect ofLegislation lxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Statutory
Instrument
56 & 57 Vict.:
c. 71-cont.
Sale ofGoods Act 1893-
cont .
S. 62(1) definitions of 13 , s. 7(1).
" business ". " con-
tract for the interna-
tional sale of goods
"
added
S. 62(1A) added
13, s . 7(2).
57 & 58 Vict.:
с. 10... ... Trustee Act 1893 Amend-
ment Act 1894 S. 3 rep. (N.I. ).. ...
c. 17
...
Colonial Officers (Leave
Rep....
of Absence) Act 1894
с. 20
...
Public Libraries ( Scot-
Rep. ( prosp. )...
land ) Act 1894
с. 21
... Bishopric of Bristol Rep. (saving )...
Amendment Act 1894
с. 36 ... Valuation ofLands (Scot- S. 4 rep. ( prosp. )...
land) Acts Amendment
Act 1894
c. 58... Local Government (Scot- Ss. 3-25 rep. (prosp.)
..
land ) Act 1894
55, S.L.R.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
c .60
S. 29 am. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 42-48, 54 definitions
"
of police burgh ",
,,'
" Public Health Acts
" Education Acts "
“ burgh " rep. ( prosp . )
Merchant Shipping Act S. 7(1) am. , ( 3) rep .
rep . inpt .
1894 S. 427( 2) am . (retrosp.)
65, ss. 214(2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 21 ,
sch . 29.
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 20.
65, SS. 214( 2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II paras. 22,
23, sch. 29.
S.I. No. 1979 .
49, s . 1( 3), sch.
para. 6.
am.... ...
27, s . 4( 3), sch. 2
para. 5.
S. 436(1) rep. in pt.
S. 515 am. (16.5.1975)
S.I. No. 1979.
...
...
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
24 .
S. 668(1 )(b) am. (16.5. 65, s. 214(2), sch .
1975 ) .
27 Pt. II para.
S. 668( 1 )(c) rep. (prosp. )
25( a) .
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 668( 3) am. (16.5.1975)
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
25(b) .
S. 670 excl .
Ss . 735, 736 excl .
27, s . 5(2)(b) .
27, s. 1( 2) , sch. 1
para. 4.
58 & 59 Vict.:
c. 3... ...
Australian Colonies Rep.
Duties Act 1895 .
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
lxxx Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
58 & 59 Vict.:
-cont.
c . 6.. ...
c. 16
..
Convention of Royal Rep. ( prosp.)
Burghs (Scotland) Act
1879, Amendment Act
1895 .
Finance Act 1895... S. 12 excl .... {
excl . ( prosp. )
65 , s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
4, s. 7.
32 , s. 49.
50, s. 1 ( 6 ).
59 &60 Vict.:
c. 25..
Friendly Societies Act Power to appl . (mod.)
1896.
c . 28... ... Finance Act 1896 ... S. 12 rep.
c .29... ... Bishopric of Bristol Rep. ( saving )
Amendment Act 1896.
c . 32... Orkney and Zetland Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
Small Piers and Har-
bours Act 1896.
c.48... ... Light Railways Act 1896 S. 26( 2) am. ( prosp.)...
.. 38, s. 71.
5122 22 Pt. V.
51 , s. 59( 7), sch .
39, S.L. peals ). ( Re-
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
65, s . 150 (1 ), sch .
18 para. 22.
60 &61 Vict.:
c. 30... ...
c.38... ...
Police ( Property ) Act
1897.
Public Health ( Scotland)
Act 1897.
Appl. (mod.) ( prosp.)
62, s. 43( 4).
S. 2(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 3 definitions of-
62 , s. 43(5).
"sanitary inspector ",
65, ss. 214(2),
" clerk ". parish",
“
237(1 ), sch. 27
" burgh", county
Pt . II para.
" district committee"
26 (a ), sch. 29.
rep. ( prosp. ) .
" district " am. (16.5.
65, s . 214( 2), sch .
1975) .
27 Pt. II para.
26 ( b ).
S. 6 am. ( 16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
27.
S. 12 subst. (16.5.1975) 65, s . 214( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
28.
S. 15 rep. ( prosp. )... 65, ss. 214(2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 29,
sch. 29.
S. 18 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 214( 2),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 30,
sch . 29.
S. 19 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214(2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 31 ,
sch . 29.
S. 22 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 214 (2),
237(1 ) , sch. 27
Pt. II para. 32,
sch. 29.
Effect ofLegislation lxxxi
Sessionand
Chap . or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
60 & 61 Vict.:
c . 38 -cont. Public Health ( Scotland )
Act 1897-cont.
Ss. 23, 25-27 rep. in pt. 65, ss. 214(2),
( prosp . ). 237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 33,
sch. 29.
S. 28 rep. ( prosp.) 65 ,... ss. 214( 2),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 34,
sch. 29.
S. 31 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214(2),
237( 1), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 35,
sch . 29.
S. 32 (2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 214( 2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 36,
sch. 29.
S. 36 (1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214(2 ),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 37,
sch . 29.
S. 37 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214( 2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 38,
sch . 29.
S. 39 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65,
ss. 214(2) ,
237(1 ), sch . 27
Pt. I para.
39( a ), sch. 29.
am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s s. 214 ( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
39( b) .
S. 42 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 65, ss. 214 ( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 40,
sch. 29.
Ss. 47, 52, 54, 55, 69 rep. 65, ss. 214( 2 ),
inpt. ( prosp. ). 237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 33,
sch. 29.
S. 94 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214( 2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 41,
sch. 29.
S. 118 rep. ( prosp.)...
65 ,
ss. 214( 2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 42,
sch . 29
S. 121 rep. ( prosp.).. 65 ,
ss. 214( 2 ) ,
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 43,
sch . 29.
S. 146 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214( 2),
237(1), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 44,
sch. 29.
Ss. 154, 155 rep. in pt. 65, ss. 214( 2),
( prosp . ). 237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 33,
sch. 29.
lxxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
60 & 61 Vict.:
c. 38 -cont.
c. 53... ...
61 & 62 Vict.:
c. 37
...
...
61 & 62 Vict.:
с .44...
62 & 63 Vict.:
c. 5
...
c. 7
...
c . 9...
c .19...
с . 44 ...
с.46
63 & 64 Vict.:
с .49
...
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Public Health ( Scotland ) S. 157 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 214( 2) ,
Act 1897-cont. 237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 45,
sch. 29.
S. 158 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, SS. 214 ( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 46,
sch. 29.
S. 162 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 214 ( 2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 47,
sch. 29.
S. 177 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 214( 2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 33,
sch. 29.
Ss. 191 , 192 rep. ( prosp.) 65,
ss. 214 (2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 48 ,
sch . 29 .
CongestedDistricts ( Scot- S. 10 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
land) Act 1897. S. 10 definition of " con-
gested district " am.
( prosp.).
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29 .
65, s. 154(1) , sch .
19 рага. 6.
Local Government ( Ire- Ss. 69(1) rep. in pt. , S.I. No. 2095.
land) Act 1898 . 94 (12 ) rep.
... Merchant Shipping (Mer-
cantile Marine Fund)
Act 1898.
Sch . 2 am.
Sch. 3 rep. in pt .
S.I. No. 964.
27, s . 5(2)(a).
Public Libraries (Scot-
land ) Act 1899.
Metropolis Water Act
1899.
Finance Act 1899
Rep. ( prosp. )
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
Rep...
... S. 7 rep. ... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
..
51 , s. 59( 7) , sch .
22 Pt. V.
S. 8 rep . (saving)
51, ss. 49(2)(9 ),
59( 7 ), sch . 22
Pt. V.
Electric Lighting (Clauses) Sch. , s. 1 definition of
65, s . 237(1), sch .
Act 1899.
county council " rep.
29.
( S.) ( prosp. ).
Sch . , s . 10 am. ( S.)
(16.5.1975) .
Small Dwellings Acquisi-
tion Act 1899 .
Improvement of Land
Act 1899.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
49 .
S. 12(1)(a ) subst. ( prosp. ) 65, s . 130(3), sch .
12para. 1 .
Rep . ( N.I.)
55, S.L.R.
TownCouncils ( Scotland) Rep. ( prosp.)
Act 1900.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
Effect ofLegislation lxxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
1Edw. 7:
c. 5
2Edw. 7:
c. 8...
c. 13
...
с. 21
... ...
3 Edw. 7:
c. 33
Demise of the CrownAct S. 1 (2 ) rep.
...
1901 .
Cremation Act 1902
Labour Bureaux ( Lon-
don) Act 1902.
Shop Clubs Act 1902
Functions of councils as
to Scotland transferred
to islands or district
councils ( prosp.).
Rep....
S. 7 " shop club ", " thrift fund" excl.
Burgh Police (Scotland) Rep . (31.12.1979)
Act 1903. Ss. 5-20 am. ( prosp. )
S. 6 rep . in pt. (prosp. ) ...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
65, s. 169(1) .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
38, s. 70(3).
65, s 229(1) .
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 61 .
65, ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch . 28
para. 62, sch.
29.
am . ( prosp.)
S. 8 rep. in pt. (prosp. ) ...
65, s. 229(1) , sch.
28 para. 62.
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch . 28
para. 63, sch.
29.
am . ( prosp . )
65, s . 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 63.
S. 9 rep. in pt . (prosp. ) ...
65, ss . 229(1),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 64, sch.
29 .
S. 11 am. ( prosp. )
S. 13 rep. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 65.
65 ,
ss. 229(1),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 66, sch.
29.
S. 16 rep. in pt. (prosp.) ... 65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1 ), sch. 28
para . 67, sch .
29.
S. 21 am. ( prosp.) S. 23 am . ( prosp. )
S. 30 am. ( prosp.)
S. 31 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 68 .
...
65, s . 229( 1) , sch .
28 para. 69.
...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 рага. 70.
...
65, s. 229(1 ) , sch.
28 para. 71 .
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 229(1),
237(1 ), sch. 28
para. 71 , sch.
29
S. 35 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 72.
lxxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
3 Edw. 7:
c. 33 -cont.
Burgh Police ( Scotland ) S. 37 rep. ( prosp. )
Act 1903-cont.
...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1 ), sch. 28
para. 73, sch.
29.
S. 39 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, ss. 229(1 ) ,
237(1 ), sch. 28
para. 74 , sch.
29.
S. 41 am . ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 75(a).
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)...
65, ss. 229(1),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 75(b)- (e),
sch. 29.
S.43 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 76, sch.
29.
S. 44 am. ( prosp. )
..
65, s. 229(1 ) , sch .
28 para. 77.
Ss . 56, 57 rep. (prosp.) ... 65, ss. 229( 1),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 78, sch.
29.
S. 58 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 229(1 ) , sch.
28 para. 79.
S. 59 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 229(1 ) sch.
28 para. 80.
S. 61 (2)(4)(6 ) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 229( 1 ), sch.
28 para. 81 .
Ss. 64, 67, 68, 79 am.
65, s. 229( 1 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
28 para. 82.
S. 79( 2) am. (prosp.)
...
65, s. 229(1 ) , sch.
28 para. 83.
S. 80 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 82.
S. 81 am. ( prosp. )
... 65, ss. 209(1 ),
229(1), sch. 25
para. 4, sch. 28
para. 84.
S. 82 am. ( prosp.)
.. 65, s . 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 82.
S. 93 am. (prosp. )
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 85.
S. 93(12) rep. ( prosp.)
...
65 , ss. 229(1),
237( 1), sch. 28
para. 85( c ), sch.
29.
S. 97 rep. ( prosp. )...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 86, sch .
29 .
S. 98(2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 209(1),
237( 1), sch. 25
para. 5, sch .
29.
S. 98( 2) - (4) am. (prosp. ) 65, s. 229( 1 ), sch.
28 para. 87
( a) - (c ).
Effect ofLegislation lxxxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
3 Edw. 7:
c . 33 -cont. Burgh Police ( Scotland )
Act 1903-cont. S. 98( 3) proviso rep.
( prosp . ), ( 4 ) rep in pt.
( prosp. ) , ( 8) rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 99 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 87(b)- (d).
S. 101 rep. ( prosp.)
...
S. 103(5)(9)(12)
am.
( prosp. ).
S. 103(12 ) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
c .46 Revenue Act 1903
... ... S. 104 (2) am. (prosp.)...
... S. 5 rep. ...
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 88, sch.
29.
65, ss. 229(1 ),
237(1), sch. 28
para. 89, sch.
29 .
65, s. 229(1 ), sch.
28 para. 90.
65, ss. 229(1 ) ,
237(1), sch. 28
para. 90( c ), sch.
29.
65, s . 229(1 ), sch .
28 para. 91 .
51 , s . 59(7 ), sch.
22 Pt. V.
4Edw. 7:
c. 6... Hall-marking of Foreign Rep. (1.1.1975)...
Plate Act 1904.
c .13... ... London Electric Lighting Rep....
...
Areas Act 1904.
c .19
... Railways (PrivateSidings) Rep.... ... ...
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
55, S.L.R.
..
Act1904.
c.24... ... Wireless Telegraphy Act
...
1904 .
Rep. peals) .
39, S.L. ( Re-
c .30 Bishoprics of Southwark Rep. ( saving)... 39, S.L. (Re-
and Birmingham Act peals ).
1904 .
6Edw. 7:
c. 16...
... Justices of the Peace Act Residue rep. (E.) ( prosp.) 15, ss. 19(1), 20,
1906. sch. 5 Pt. II.
7Edw. 7:
c. 8
c . 13 ... ... AssayofImportedWatch- Rep. (1.1.1975)...
Cases ( Existing Stocks
Exemption) Act 1907.
... ... Finance Act 1907
... S. 5 rep. ( 1.1.1975)
...
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
c . 24... ... Limited Partnerships Act S. 11 rep.
1907.
c .51... ... Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) S. 6 am.
Act 1907.
...
43 , s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
S. 10 rep....
...
51, s . 59( 7 ), sch.
22 Pt. V.
...
...
51 , ss. 49( 1), 59
( 7 ), sch. 22 Pt.
V.
... ...
...45, s. 12(7 ), sch. 4
para. 1 .
S. 51 rep .... ...
39, S.L. peals ). (Re-
Sch. 1 rule 68(c) (i ) -(iii )
S.I. No. 542.
added.
rules 152-169 rep.
rule 175 added 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
S.I. No. 543 ....
lxxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
7 Edw. 7-cont.
c. 53
c. 55
c. 56
Public Health Acts
S. 81 rep. in pt. (N.I.)
..
Amendment Act 1907.
S. 85 rep. (prosp. )
.. London Cab and Stage
Carriage Act 1907. S. 1( 1 ) proviso rep...
Evicted Tenants ( Ireland ) S. 11 rep.
Act 1907.
8 Edw. 7:
c.24 ...
Summary Jurisdiction S. 6 rep.
( Ireland) Act 1908 .
c. 33..
Telegraph (Construction)
Act 1908.
c. 36
SmallHoldings andAllot-
ments Act 1908.
c. 62
Local Government (Scot-
land) Act 1908. S. 2 rep. in pt. (N.I.)...
S. 51 rep.... ...
Ss. 3-5, 10, 11, 13, 15,
19-22, 26-28 rep .
( prosp. ).
9 Edw. 7 :
c. 30
c . 47 ... ...
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
55, S.L.R.
35, s. 14( 2 ), sch.
Pt. I.
39, S.L.
( Re-
peals ).
55, S.L.R.
55, S.L.R.
S.I. No. 2095 .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
Cinematograph Act 1909 Am. (S.) (prosp. )
...
65, s. 188, sch. 24
рага. 33 .
Ss. 5 rep. (S.) (prosp.),
65, ss. 188,237(1),
8(3)( 4) rep. (prosp.) .
sch. 24 para.
33, sch. 29.
Development and Road
S. 8 am. Improvement Funds
...
56, ss. 18(8), 23 .
S. 10 ( 2 ) subst. ( S.) ( prosp.) 65, s. 133(1), sch.
Act 1909.
14 para. 21 .
S. 16 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 22 (a) .
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 133( 1),
237 ( 1), sch. 14
para 22(b) ,
sch. 29.
10 Edw. 7 &
1 Geo. 5 :
c. 8
1 & 2Geo. 5 :
c. 2...
c. 27
с. 28
c. 48
с.49... ...
Finance (1909-10) Act S. 74 saved
1910. Revenue Act 1911...
Protection of Animals
Act 1911 .
Official Secrets Act 1911
Finance Act 1911 Small Landholders (Scot- land ) Act 1911 .
Rep. (except s. 10 as that
section applies to N.I.) .
S. 1 ext. (1.4.1974)
...
S. 2 ext ....
S. 10( 3 ) rep . in pt.
Ss. 21, 22(2) rep .
S. 32(15) excl .
...
...
...
Sch. 1 rep. in pt....
51 , s . 49(3)( b).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
60, s. 3( 3) .
50, s. 1 (5), sch. 1
para. 16.
55, S.L.R.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
56, ss. 45( 2)(3)
( 7)(b), 56(8),
sch. 1.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation lxxxvii
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1 & 2 Geo. 5-
cont.
c. 51
Burgh Police ( Scotland )
Amendment Act 1911. c. 53
2&3 Geo. 5:
c . 13
House Letting and Rating
( Scotland ) Act 1911 . Rep. (31.12.1979)
S. 1( 4 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65 , ss. 229(1),
65 , s. 229( 1).
237(1), sch. 28
para 92 ( a)
sch. 29.
S. 1 (5) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 92(b) .
S. 1(6 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 229(1) ,
237(1), sch. 28
para sch. 29. 92(c) ,
S. 2 am. ( prosp. )
S. 3 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 229(1), sch .
28 para. 93.
...
65, s. 229(1), sch.
28 para. 94.
Rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
... London Institution
Rep.
( Transfer) Act 1912.
c .14
Protection of Animals
S. 1 ext. ( 1.4.1974 )
( Scotland) Act 1912.
с. 31... ... Pilotage Act 1913 Ss. 10-15 excl ....
S. 39(1)(a) am.
... ... 39,
S.L. (Re-
peals) .
...
60, s. 3( 3).
... ...
64, s. 5( 2), sch. 3
para. 4.
... ...
S.I. No. 1979.
3 &4Geo. 5:
c. 17 Fabrics (Misdescription )
Act 1913.
S. 7( 2 ) subst. (16.5.1975 )
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
50.
с . 20... Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) S. 105 appl. (25.7.1976 ) 52, s . 9(1)(b) .
Act 1913 . S. 118(1)(a) am. ( prosp. ), 38, s. 100( 2)(a),
( f) subst. ( prosp.). sch. 27 para . 1 .
3 & 4 Geo. 5 :
c. 27 Forgery Act 1913... Ss. 5(4 )(b) rep. ( 1.1.1975),
6 rep. in pt. (1.1.1975),
43, ss. 6( 4), 23,
sch. 7 Pt. I.
8( 2)(a) , 16(2)( d) rep .
( 1.1.1975 ).
S. 18( 1) definition of 39, S.L. ( Re-
"
bank note " rep. in
peals ).
pt.
c. 32
Ancient Monuments Consolidation and
Am. ( S. ) (prosp. )
65, s. 182(1).
S. 23( 2) rep . in pt . ( prosp.) 65, s. 237(1), sch .
Amendment Act 1913 .
29.
c. 36
...
Bishoprics of Sheffield,
Rep. ( saving)
... 39, S.L. ( Re-
Chelmsford, and for
peals ).
the County of Suffolk
Act 1913.
4& 5 Geo. 5:
c. 31...
...
с. 46... ...
Housing Act 1914
... S. 3( 2 ) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 130( 3), sch .
12para. 2.
Milk and Dairies ( Scot- S. 2 definition of " local
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
land ) Act 1914. added
authority "
27 Pt. II para.
(16.5.1975 ) .
51.
S. 28 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) ... 65, ss . 209(1),
237(1 ), sch. 25
para. 6, sch.
29.
S. 31(1) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214 (2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
52.
lxxxviii Effect ofLegislation
Sessionand
Chap. orNo.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Actor number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
4& 5 Geo. 5 : -
cont .
c . 58
... Criminal Justice Admin-
istration Act 1914.
c .59
Bankruptcy Act 1914
...
S. 43( 8) rep. in pt.
S. 43(10 ) am.
Saved( prosp. )
...
... ...
... ...
S. 4 appl . (mod.) ( prosp.) ext. ( prosp . ) ... S. 5( 2)(3) expld. ( prosp.)
( prosp.). appl. ( mod . )
S. 5(5)( 6) excl. ( prosp.) ...
S. 5( 7) appl. (mod.)
( prosp .) .
S. 10appl. ( mod. ) ( prosp. )
S. 12 excl. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 14(2)(4), 15( 4)( 8), 16
( 5 )( 6 )(8) appl. ( mod.)
( prosp. ).
S. 19 excl . ( prosp.)
...
S. 20 mod. ( prosp. )
..
S. 26( 7) appl. ( mod.)
( prosp . ) .
S. 33(1)(a) am. , ( prosp.),
(f) subst. ( prosp .).
S. 37 appl. (mod. ) ( prosp.)
S. 42(1) saved ...
Ss. 74(1)(e ), 80 appl.
( mod.) ( prosp.) .
S. 130 appl. (mod. )
( prosp. ).
S. 130(4) excl . ( prosp.) ...
S. 130 (8) appl. (mod. )
( prosp.).
S. 132 ext. ( prosp. )...
Sch. 2para . 9 am. (prosp. )
5& 6Geo. 5:
c .74... ...
Police Magistrates (Super-
Police Magistrates annuation) Act 1915.
c. 88... ...
Street Collections Regu-
lation ( Scotland ) Act
1915.
Rep. ( prosp.)
...
Rep. ( prosp. )... ...
6&7 Geo. 5:
с.31... ...
Police, Factories, &c . S. 3 rep. ...
( Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1916.
55, S.L.R.
S.I. No. 2163.
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 10 (1) .
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 5( 2) .
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 15( 2).
62, s. 39( 5), sch . 2
para. 6.
62 , s . 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 15( 4 ).
62 , s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 6.
62, s. 39(5), sch. 2
para. 15( 4).
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 17( 3).
62 , s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 7.
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 17( 3).
62, s . 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 8.
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 17(1).
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 17( 3).
38, s. 100 ( 2)( a),
sch. 27 para. 2.
62, s. 39( 5), sch . 2
para. 17( 3).
18 , s. 39.
62 , s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 17( 3).
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 16 .
62, s . 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 11 ( 2).
62, s. 39( 5), sch. 2
para. 17( 3).
62 , s. 39(5), sch. 2
para. 3.
38, s. 100 (2)( a),
sch . 27 para. 3.
15 , ss. 19 ( 1 ), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
..
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 5( 3) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
53.
Session and
Chap. orNo.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect of Legislation lxxxix
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
6 & 7 Geo. 5-
cont.
c. 38
c. 63 ...
Small Holding Colonies Ss. 1( 3) rep. in pt. , 4(1)( b),
Act 1916.
7 rep. , 8(1) , 9, 11 (a)(b)
rep. in pt . , 12( 2) rep .
Ss . 10(c)(d)( f) , 12( 4) rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Defence of the Realm
( Acquisition of Land )
Act 1916.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
7 & 8 Geo. 5:
c. 31...
... Finance Act 1917 ... S. 35( 4) rep .
c . 36
c. 57 ...
... Police Constables ( Naval
Rep.
and Military Service )
Act 1917 .
Bishoprics of Bradford Rep. (saving )
and Coventry Act 1918.
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
..
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
8&9 Geo. 5:
c. 39
... Education Act 1918
Ss. 14 rep. , 47, 52(1) rep. inpt.
16, s. 1( 4 ), sch. 2
Pt. I.
9&10Geo. 5 :
c. 97
...
Land Settlement ( Scot- S. 18(1) rep. ( prosp.)
land ) Act 1919. S. 18( 2) am. (16.5.1975)
c . 100
...
S. 24definition of" parish
council rep. (prosp.)"
Electricity (Supply) Act S. 21 am. ( S.) (16.5.1975 )
1919.
...
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
54 .
65, s. 237( 1), sch .
29 .
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
55 .
rep. in pt. ( S.) 65, s. 237(1), sch .
( prosp . )
29 .
10 & 11 Geo. 5:
c. 8
... ...
c . 16
c. 18
c.41...
c . 43...
с . 45... ...
c .50... ...
c . 54... ...
c. 65... ...
House Letting and Rating
(Scotland) Act 1920.
Imperial War Museum
Act 1920. Finance Act 1920...
Rep. ( prosp.)... ... 65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
Sch. para. (i) am. and rep. inpt.
48, s. 4(3).
S. 39 rep.
...
... 51 , s. 59(7 ), sch.
22 Pt. V.
S. 42(1)( 2) am. ( retrosp .), 51 , s. 54, sch. 21
( 3 )
definition of
para. 1.
"dealer "
subst.
( retrosp. ).
Census Act 1920
S. 9( 2) subst. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 168.
Firearms Act 1920
... S. 16 rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 2163.
Public Libraries ( Scot- Rep. ( prosp. )
65 , ss. 163(4),
land ) Act 1920.
237(1 ), sch. 21
para. 8, sch. 29.
Mining Industry Act 1920 Sch. 2 rep .
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
Seeds Act 1920 ... ...
Ss. 12(1 ), 13 rep. in pt. , 39, S.L. ( Re-
16 гер.
S. 1 ( 2) saved 23, s. 1.
peals ).
Employment of Women,
Young Persons and
Children Act 1920.
XC Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 5-
cont .
c. 67 Government of Ireland Ss. 1(1), 4-6 rep.
Act 1920. 36, s . 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 8 residue rep. (except 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
subs . (7)).
Pt. II.
S. 8( 4)(b) rep .
... ...
36, s. 41 ( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 9 rep. ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
Ss. 9(2 ) proviso ( b) rep. 36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
in pt. , 11-19 гер.
Pt. I.
S. 20( 1)(2)(4) rep.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
S. 21 (1 ) -(3) (5) rep .
Ss. 22-24 rep .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt . I.
... ...
36 , s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
S. 25(1 ) (3)(4) rep .
...
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 25(5), 26( 4) rep.
Ss. 31, 32, 34, 37, 45 rep. , 46 rep. in pt. S. 47 rep.
S. 48 rep.
S. 51 гер.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. II.
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. ΙΙ.
...
S.I. No. 2163 .
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
S. 52 rep.
... ...
36, s . 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 53 rep.
...
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
Ss. 54(1 ), 55( 4 ) , 56(7 ) S.I. No. 2163 .
rep. in pt.
S. 61 rep . in pt.... 36 , s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 62, 63 rep. ... ... 36 , s.41( 1) , sch. 6
Pt. II .
Ss. 64(1 ) , 65( 2), 67 гер. , 36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
69, 70 rep. (saving), 73,
Pt. I.
“
74 definitions of con-
stituency ", " parlia-
mentary
elector ". ,
"
parliamentary elec-
tion ", " election laws ",
" submarine cable "
rep.
S. 74 definitions of " cus-
66
toms duties ". excess
36, s . 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt. II.
profits duty", " postal
service" rep.
S. 75 rep. in pt. , schs. 3-5
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
rep.
Pt. I.
Sch. 6 rep.
... ... 36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. II .
Sch. 7 Pt. III paras. 1, 3, 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
7 rep. Pt. I.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation xci
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12 Geo. 5:
c. 19 Housing Act 1921 S. 10 (6 ) rep....
c. 52 ... ... Exchequer and Audit Saved, s . 5 excl ....
Departments Act 1921 .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
63, s. 4( 7 ).
12& 13 Geo. 5:
c. 35
c. 50
... ...
c. 51
... ...
c. 52... ...
c. 54... ...
Celluloid and Cinemato- S. 10(1 ) definition of
graph Film Act 1922.
" Local authority " am.
( 16.5.1975).
S. 11( 2 ) am. (16.5.1975) ...
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
56.
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
57.
Expiring Laws Continu-
ance Act 1922.
Allotments Act 1922
Sch. 1 rep. in pt....
16, s . 1 ( 4 ), sch. 2
Pt. II .
... S. 2(10 ) rep .... ... 39,
S.L. ( Re
peals ).
Allotments ( Scotland ) Act S. 7 am. (16.5.1975)
...
65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
1922.
27 Pt. I para.
58.
S. 10(1 ) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214 (2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
59.
S. 16 rep. ( prosp. )... 65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 19(1) definition of
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
" local authority " am.
27 Pt. I para.
( 16.5.1975 )
60.
Milk and Dairies S. 2( 4) added ( S.) (16.5.
65, s. 214(2), sch.
( Amendment)
Act
1975 )
27 Pt. II para.
1922.
61.
S. 14 ( f) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
62 .
13 Geo. 5 Sess . 2
c. 2 ...
Irish Free State (Con-
sequential Provisions)
Act 1922.
Sch. 1 paras. 1(1), 2 ( 2)(3) rep. in pt.
para. 4 rep....
para. 5 rep....
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II .
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
13 & 14 Geo. 5:
c . 8... Industrial Assurance Act
S. 18(1)(a) rep.... ...
1923.
c . 11 ... Special Constables Act
1923. S. 3( 2 ) mod.... ...
c. 16... Salmon and Freshwater S. 1( 2) am. ( 1.4.1974 )...
Fisheries Act 1923 .
S. 5 am. (1.4.1974 )...
S. 6 rep. in pt. (1.4.1974 )
S. 9(1) am. (1.4.1974 )...
S. 11 ( 2 ) am. (1.4.1974 )
S. 14( 3) am. (1.4.1974 )
S. 17(1) rep. in pt . (1.4 .
1974 )
58, s. 54( 3), sch.
2 .
4, s. 2 ( 2 ).
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 1.
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 2.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 3.
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 4.
37, s . 40( 2) , sch. 8
para. 5.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
xcii Effect ofLegislation
Sessionand
Chap . orNo.
of Measure
13 & 14Geo. 5:
c. 16 -cont.
c . 34... ...
14 & 15 Geo. 5:
c. 27
C.A.M.:
No. 4...
C.A.M.:
No. 5...
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
Salmon and Freshwater S. 18(1)(3) am. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
Fisheries Act 1923
рага. 6.
S. 19 excl.
-cont.... ...
64, s. 5( 2), sch. 3
para. 2(1)( 2 ).
S. 19( 1)( 3) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 7.
S. 22(5) am. (1.4.1974)
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 8.
S. 23( 1) am. ( 1.4.1974 )
37 , s. 40 ( 2 ), sch. 8
para. 9.
Ss. 26( 2) proviso, 31( 2 )
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
proviso am. (1.4.1974)
para. 10.
S. 36( 3) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40 (2), sch. 8
para. 11.
Ss. 37 rep. (1.4.1974 ),
37 , s. 40 (3), sch.
38( 1) rep in pt. (1.4 .
9 .
1974 ).
S. 39(1) am. (1.4 . 1974 )
37 , s. 40 ( 2 ), sch. 8
para. 12.
Ss. 41, 43-53 rep. (1.4 .
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch .
1974 ).
9 .
S. 54(1 ) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 13.
Ss. 54(1 ) ( a), ( 2), (3) ( c ),
37, s. 40 (3), sch.
56-58 rep. (1.4.1974 ),
9.
S. 59(1 ) am. ( 1.4.1974 )
37, s . 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 14.
Ss. 60, 66 rep. (1.4.1974 ),
67 ( 4 ) rep. in pt. ( 1.4 .
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9 .
1974 ).
S. 68 am. (1.4.1974 )
...
37 ,s . 40 (2), sch. 8
para. 15.
S. 69 am. (1.4.1974 )
...
37, s . 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 16.
S. 70 am. (1.4.1974 )...
37 , s. 40 ( 2 ), sch. 8
S. 72 subst. (1.4.1974 )... para. 17.
37, s. 40( 2) , sch. 8
para. 18.
S 77(1) subst. (1.4.1974 ) 37 s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 19.
Ss. 81, 92(1) definitions
of "fishery board ",
37 , s. 40 ( 3), sch.
" chairman ", sch . 3
9 .
rep. ( 1.4.1974) .
Agricultural Credits Act Ss. 3( 4) rep. ( E.), 4 rep. ,
1923.
5( a) rep. in pt . , sch. rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Conveyancing ( Scotland) S. 12 ext. ( prosp. )
Act 1924. Ss. 16, 17 rep. ( 25.7.1976 ) 65, s . 228(2).
52, s. 16( 2), sch. 5
Pt. I.
... Bishopric of Blackburn
Measure 1923 . Rep. (except ss. 1, 13) 39, S.L. (Re
( saving ).
39eaS.L peals ).
...
Diocese of Southwell Rep. ( saving)
... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
( Division ) Measure
peals ).
1923.
Effect ofLegislation xciii
Session and
Chap. orNo.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
14 & 15 Geo. 5-
cont.
C.A.M.:
No. 6... Diocese of Winchester Rep. (saving )
Measure... ( Division )
1923.
... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
15 & 16 Geo. 5:
c. 2 ... Canals (Continuance of Rep.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
Charging Powers) Act
peals) .
1924 .
c . 9... Anglo-Italian Treaty Rep.... ... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
( East African Terri-
tories) Act 1925 .
peals) .
c .18 ...
Settled Land Act 1925 ... S. 117( i )(ii ) ext....
26, ss. 10( 3), 52
...
( 7 ).
c. 21... ... Land Registration Act
1925. Saved (registered land )...
64, s. 6( 4), sch. 4
para. 2( 5) .
c . 22... ... Land Charges Act 1925... S. 15 ext.
... ...
26 , ss. 8( 4), 24
( 4) , 52( 8).
c . 28... ... Administration of Justice
Act 1925.
Ss. 28 rep. in pt. , 29( 2) 39, S.L. (Re-
rep.
peals ).
c . 33... ...
Church of Scotland ( Pro- S. 22( 2A) added ( 16.5.
65, ss . 169(2),
perty andEndowments)
1975), (3)( 4) am. (16.5.
214 ( 2 ), sch. 27
Act 1925. 1975 ).
S. 22( 4) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
Pt. II para. 63.
65, ss. 214( 2),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
63( c), sch. 29.
S. 26 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, ss . 169(2),
214 ( 2 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 64.
S. 28( 4) am. (16.5.1975 ) ... 65, ss . 169( 2),
214( 2), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 65.
S. 32 am. (16.5.1975 )...
65, ss. 169( 2),
214( 2 ) , sch. 27
Pt. II para.
66 ( a).
S. 32 ( 3) rep. ( prosp. ), ( 4 ) 65, ss. 214( 2 ),
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ).
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
66 ( b )( c ), sch.
29.
S. 33 am. (16.5.1975)...
65 , ss. 169( 2 ) ,
214( 2), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 67.
c . 34
c. 38
... ... Northern Ireland Land S. 36(2 ) rep.... ...
Act 1925.
.. ... Performing Animals S. 1 ( 2) am. (S.) ( prosp. )
( Regulation) Act 1925. S. 1(5)(7) rep. in pt. ( S.)
( prosp . ).
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 209(1), sch .
25 para. 7( a) .
65, ss. 209( 1),
237( 1 ), sch. 25
para. 7(b)(c) ,
sch. 29.
S. 1( 8) added (S.) (prosp. )
S. 5(3) rep, in pt. ( S.)
( prosp . ).
65, s . 209(1 ), sch.
25 para. 7( d ) .
65, ss. 209(1),
237( 1), sch. 25
para. 8, sch. 29.
xciv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
15 & 16Geo. 5:
c. 38 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Performing Animals
( Regulation) Act 1925
-cont.
c. 45
Guardianship of Infants Act 1925.
с .49
Supreme Court ofJudica-
ture (Consolidation)
Act 1925.
c . 50...
c. 67
c. 68
Theatrical Employers
Registration Act 1925.
Wireless Telegraphy (Ex-
planation ) Act 1925.
Roads Improvement Act
1925.
c. 82...
c. 86
C.A.M.:
No. 2...
...
Roads and Streets in
Police Burghs ( Scot-
land ) Act 1925.
Criminal Justice Act 1925 S. 33 appl. ( mod.)...
Bishopric of Leicester Rep. (saving)
Measure 1925.
... ...
S. 6( a ) am. ( prosp.)...
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65 , s. 188, sch. 24
para. 34.
65, ss.188 , 237(1 ),
sch. 24 para.
34. sch. 29 .
29, s. 10( 8)
Ss. 1 rep. in pt. ( prosp.),
2rep. ( prosp. )
S. 3 Reprinted as am .
29, s . 11(6), sch. 4
( prosp. )
Pt. II.
am. ( prosp. )...
29, s. 11( 6), sch. 4
Pt. I. para. 1 .
S. 8 am. ( prosp. )...
29, s. 14, sch . 5
para. 2.
S. 2(1) am.
15, s. 19(2) .
S. 11(1) proviso rep. in pt. 15, ss. 19(1), 20
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
Ss. 14, 15 rep ....
15, s. 19(1), sch . 4
para. 4, sch. 5
Pt . V.
S. 63(1) restr. (prosp. )
...
38, s. 86(7 ) .
S. 84( 4) rep. , ( 5 ) rep. in
15, ss. 16 ( 7 ) ,
pt. , (6) rep. , (7) rep.
19( 1) , sch. 5
in pt.
Pt. VI.
S. 225 definition of
18, s. 54(1), sch . 2
" matrimonial cause
"
para. 1.
am.
S. 14(1) subst. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 188, sch. 24
para. 35.
Rep.... ... ...
39, S.L.
( Re-
peals ).
Am. ( prosp . )...
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 23.
S. 5 proviso para. (a) rep .
65, ss . 209( 1 ),
( prosp. ).
237(1), sch. 25
para. 9, sch. 29.
S. 6( 2 ) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 24.
S. 7 rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65, ss. 133(1),
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 25, sch .
29.
S. 8 rep . ( prosp.)
...
65. ss. 133(1),, 237( 1), sch. 14
para. 26, sch
29.
S. 9( 2) rep .
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
S. 12(b)(d)(e) am. (prosp . ) 65, s. 133( 1), sch.
14 para. 27 .
Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
65. SS. 133( 1),
237( 1) , sch. 14
para. 28, sch.
29.
9, s. 18( 5)
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject 16 & 17 Geo. 5 :
с . 44
... ...
с.45
...
c. 51... ...
c. 52... ...
c. 54... ...
Supreme Court ofJudica- S. 3 rep. ...
ture of Northern
Ireland Act 1926.
Fertilisers and Feeding
Stuffs Act 1926.
Electricity (Supply) Act
1926.
...
S. 29(2 ) rep .... ...
S. 35( 2) am. (16.5.1975) ...
Small Holdings and
Allotments Act 1926.
Wireless Telegraphy
( Blind Persons Facili-
ties) Act 1926.
Sch. 6 rep. in pt. (S. )
( prosp. ).
Ss. 17( 3)( b) rep. in pt. ,
22 (1) rep. , sch. 1 rep.
in pt. , sch. 2 гер .
Rep....
17 & 18 Geo. 5 :
c. 10
.. ... Finance Act 1927...
с .41
...
Superannuation and other
Trust Funds ( Valida-
tion) Act 1927.
Effect ofLegislation XCV
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Statutory
Instrument
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
68.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c . 42...
S. 3 am. (temp. )
Ss. 10 rep. ( prosp. ) 11( 2)
rep. in pt . ( prosp . ).
Statute Law Revision S. 4(2) rep .
Act 1927.
S. 55(1) para . ( A ), ( 4 ) rep. 51, s. 59( 7), sch.
22 Pt. V.
Ss. 1-8 rep. ( prosp. )...
38, ss. 69(7) , 100
( 2 )(b ) , sch. 28
Pt. I.
38, s . 69(8).
38, ss . 69( 7), 100
( 2 )(b), sch. 28
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
18 & 19 Geo. 5:
c. 13
...
CurrencyandBank Notes S. 3( 3) rep. in pt.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
Act 1928.
peals ).
c . 17... ... Finance Act 1928... S. 6(1 ) am. and supersed-
51, s. 1( 3)(10),
ed(retrosp. ).
sch. 7.
S. 31(1) rep .... ...
51, s . 59( 7 ) , sch.
22 Pt. V.
c. 19... Agricultural Produce S. 3 rep. in pt .... ... 39, S.L. (Re-
( Grading and Mark-
ing) Act 1928 . peals ).
Ss . 4(1 )(2)(bb)(c ) , 5 rep. 65, s . 237(1) , sch .
in pt. ( prosp. ).
29.
S. 8 am. (16.5.1975)
... 65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
69.
c. 23... Straits Settlements and Rep.
... 39, S.L. (Re-
Johore Territorial
peals ).
Waters ( Agreement)
Act 1928 .
c . 24... Northern Ireland ( Mis- S. 2 rep .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
cellaneous Provisions)
Pt. I.
Act 1928 .
с. 29... Slaughter of Animals S. 2( 5) rep. in pt . ( prosp .) 65, 209(1),
SS.
( Scotland ) Act 1928 .
237(1), sch . 25
para. 10, sch.
29.
S. 7( a) rep. in pt. (prosp. ) 65, s. 237(1 ) , sch.
29.
xcvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
18 & 19 Geo. 5 :
c. 29 -cont.
Slaughter of Animals
( Scotland ) Act 1928- cont. S. 7( e) added (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
70.
c. 32
(Consolida- S. 24(1)(a )(b) subst. (16.5. 65, s. 214(2), sch.... Petroleum tion ) Act 1928.
1975 ) .
27 Pt. II para.
71.
19 & 20 Geo. 5:
c .14
... ...
Northern Ireland Land S. 7(1 )(c) am.
Act 1929. S. 8( 2 ) rep.
S.I. No. 2095.
... ...
... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
с. 25... ...
Local Government (Scot- Ss. 1-3, 5, 6, 10, 11, 18, 65,
5, ss. 214(2),
land) Act 1929....
24 , 26 rep. ( prosp.).
237(1), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 72,
sch. 29.
S. 29 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
73 .
Ss. 34, 41, 49( 3)(4), 50-52, 65, ss. 214 (2 ),
76 rep. ( prosp.).
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 74,
sch . 29.
S. 77(1 ) definition of
"Rating Authority
"
am . (1 ( 16.5.1975 ) .
S. 77(1) rep. in pt. , (2)(3)
( 5 )- ( 8) rep . (prosp.).
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
75(b) .
65, ss. 214(2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 75
( a ), sch. 29.
S. 79, schs. 1 , 2, 5 rep. 65,
( prosp. ).
ss. 214( 2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt . II para. 76,
sch . 29.
c . 33.. ... Bridges Act 1929... S. 3 rep. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
S. 7( 3) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 209(1),
237(1 ), sch. 25
para. 11 , sch .
29.
S. 10 (1)(2 ) rер. ( prosp.) ... 65, ss. 209 (1 ),
237(1 ), sch. 25
para. 12, sch.
29.
c. 37...
Police Magistrates Super- Rep. ( prosp. )
annuation ( Amend-
ment) Act 1929.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
20 & 21 Geo. 5:
c. 7...
...
Development ( Loan Rep.
Guarantees and
Grants ) Act 1929.
Finance Act 1930
...
c. 28
... Ss. 41, 45 rep .
...
с . 33 .. Illegitimate
Children S. 2(1) am. (prosp.)...
( Scotland) Act 1930.
39 , S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
51 , s . 59(7), sch.
22 Pt. V.
29, ss . 11 (1), 12
( 2 )( a), 14, sch .
5para. 3.
Effect of Legislation xcvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
20 & 21 Geo. 5-
cont.
c .43
Road Traffic Act 1930
S. 53( 2)(b), (6 ) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 209(1 ),
( prosp. ). 237(1 ), sch . 25
para. 13, sch.
29.
S. 56(2) rep. (prosp. ), ( 3) 65, ss . 209(1 ),
rep. in pt. (prosp.). 237(1 ), sch. 25
para. 14, sch.
29.
65, s. 133(1 ), sch .
14 para. 30.
с . 44..
S. 60 paras. (cc ) added
( prosp. ), ( e )
subst.
( prosp.), ( f) (g) added
( prosp. ).
S. 108(1 ) definition of
" district "
65, s . 150(1 ), sch .
18 para. 23 .
( prosp. ). am. ( S.)
S. 109( a) am. ( prosp.)
65, s . 150(1 ), sch .
18 para. 24.
S. 119(3)(4) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 31.
S. 121 (1 ) definition of
65, s. 133(1), sch .
" "
highway authority
14 para. 32.
am. (S.) ( prosp.) .
Land Drainage Act 1930 S. 1 (1 ) am. (1.4.1974), ( 2)
37, s. 40(2), sch .
( 3) subst. (1.4.1974) .
8 para. 20( 1)
( 2 ).
S. 1 ( 4) rep. in pt. (1.4.
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
1974) .
9.
S. 1 (5) am. (1.4.1974)...
37, s . 40(2) , sch .
8 para. 20( 3).
Ss . 2, 3 rep. (1.4.1974) ...
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
S. 4( 1) am. (1.4.1974 ),
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
( 1A ) added ( 1.4.1974 ).
para. 21 .
Ss. 5 rep. (1.4.1974 ), 7(1)
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch.
rep. in pt . (1.4.1974) .
9.
S. 8(1) am. (1.4.1974),
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
(1A) added (1.4.1974) .
para. 22.
S. 8(2) (c) rep . in pt. (1.4 .
37, s. 40(3), sch.
1974).
9.
S. 11 renumbered as s. 11
37, s . 40 (2), sch . 8
( 1 ), ( 2) added(1.4.1974)
para. 23.
Ss. 12, 15, 17-20 rep.
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
( 1.4.1974 ).
9.
S. 22(1 ) subst. (1.4.1974)
37, s. 40 (2), sch . 8
para. 24(1) .
S. 22(2) rep . ( 1.4.1974) ...
37, s. 40 (3), sch.
9.
S. 22( 4) subst . (1.4.1974) 37, s. 40 (2), sch. 8
para. 24(2) .
S. 23(1 ) am. (1.4.1974 )... 37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 25.
S. 24(1 ) subst . ( 1.4.1974),
37, s . 40(2), sch. 8
(2) (4) (6)-( 8 ) ( 10)
am. para. 26.
( 1.4.1974 ).
Ss . 26-31, 33 am. (1.4.
37, s . 40(2), sch. 8
1974 ) .
para. 27.
Part III
X
xcviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
20 & 21 Geo. 5 : c.44 -cont. c. 51...
Land Drainage Act 1930
-cont. S. 33( 4)(a) rep. (1.4.1974) 37, s. 40 ( 3), sch .
9.
S. 36( 4) added... ...
37, s. 19( 5), sch. 5
para. 22(2 ) .
Ss. 43, 45, 46 am. (1.4.
1974).
S. 44(10 ) added ...
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 27.
...
37, s . 19(5), sch . 5
para. 22(3) .
S. 46(6 ) rep . (1.4.1974 )
...
37, s . 40(3) , sch .
9.
S. 47 excl .... ...
64, s. 5(2), sch. 3
para. 2( 1 ) (2).
S. 47(1) am. (1.4.1974)...
37, s . 40( 2) , sch. 8
para . 28(1 )(2).
S. 47( 2) -(7) rep. (1.4.
37, s. 40 (3), sch.
1974 ).
9.
S. 47(8) (8A) am. (1.4.
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
1974 ).
para. 28( 3)(4) .
S. 48 am. (1.4.1974 )...
37, s. 40( 2), sch . 8
para. 27.
S. 49( 1) am. (1.4.1974 )... 37, s . 40(2), sch . 8
para. 29.
S. 49( 3) rep . ( 1.4.1974)... 37, s. 40(3), sch.
9.
S. 49( 4) subst . (1.4.1974), 37, s . 40(3), sch. 8
( 5 ) am. (1.4.1974) . para. 29.
S. 50(1 ) rep. (1.4.1974),
37, s. 40(3), sch .
( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( 1.4.
9.
1974), (3)(4) rep . (1.4.
1974 ).
S. 61 (1)(i) added...
64, s . 5(1 ) , sch. 2
para. 1.
S. 73 rep . (1.4.1974 )...
37, s . 40(3), sch.
9.
S. 76(2) am. (1.4.1974 )... 37, s . 40(2), sch . 8
para. 30.
Ss. 79, 80 rep. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
S. 81 definitions of " in-
37, s. 40(2 ), sch . 8
ternal drainage dis-
para. 3.
trict " and " internal
drainage board " subst .
( 1.4.1974 ).
Sch. 1 rep. (1.4.1974)
...
Sch. 3 am. (1.4.1974 )
...
Reservoirs (Safety Pro- S. 11 am. ( 16.5.1975)
visions) Act 1930.
21 & 22 Geo. 5:
c.16
...
c. 17
... ...
Ancient Monuments Act 1931.
Am. (S.) (prosp. )
Sch. 1 para. 8 am. (prosp. ) Local Authorities ( Pub- Rep. ( prosp.)
...
licity ) Act 1931 .
37, s. 40(3) , sch .
9 .
37, s . 40( 2) , sch . 8
para. 27.
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
77 .
65, s . 182(1 ) .
65, s . 184, sch. 23
para. 1.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation xcix
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
21 & 22 Geo. 5-
cont.
c. 28
Finance Act 1931...
c. 33... ...
с. 41... ...
Architects ( Registration )
Act 1931 .
Agricultural Land (Utili-
sation ) Act 1931 .
с . 44... ...
Small Landholders and
Agricultural Holdings
( Scotland ) Act 1931 .
S.42 rep.... 51, s. 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt . IV.
S. 18( 3) rep .... ... 36, s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 8-10 rep. , 11 rep. in
39, S.L. ( Re-
pt . , 14(5), 16(3), 17(2)
peals ).
rep. , 19, 23 rep . in pt.
S. 24( a) am. ( 16.5.1975) ... 65, s . 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
78.
S. 24(g) (h) rep . , ( k) rep .
inpt.
S. 41 , sch. 1 rep ....
39, S.L. (Re
peals ) .
39, S.L. (Re
peals ).
22 & 23 Geo. 5:
с . 11
..
Northern Ireland ( Mis- Ss. 3 , 9(1 ), (4)(b), (5) rep .
cellaneous Provisions)
Act 1932.
36 , s. 41 (1) , sch . 6
Pt. I.
c. 12
...
... Destructive
Imported Animals Act 1932.
S. 12( 2) rep. in pt. 36 , s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
23 & 24 Geo. 5:
с. 6
Visiting Forces ( British S. 4 appl.
Commonwealth) Act
1933.
...
27, s . 4(3), sch. 2
para. 2.
с. 12
...
Children and Young Per- S. 18 Reprinted as am.
sons Act 1933 . ( prosp . ) .
S. 18(1 )- (3) am. ( prosp. ),
( 4 ) added ( prosp.).
S. 19 rep. ( prosp. )
...
S. 21 (1 ) am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 28(1 ) am. (prosp. )
...
S. 30 am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 55(1 ) am. (prosp.)
...
c . 19...
Finance Act 1933... S. 41 rep .
24, s. 1( 4), sch. 1
Pt. II.
24, s. 1 ( 3), sch . 1
Pt. I para. 1 .
24, ss. 1 (5), 3(3),
sch . 2.
24, s. 1 ( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 2.
24 , s. 1 ( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 3.
24, s. 1 ( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 4.
62, s . 56(1) , sch . 5
para. 1 .
51 , s. 59(7), sch .
22Pt. V.
c .44...
Church of Scotland ( Pro- perty and Endowments)
Amendment Act 1933.
S. 2( 2) am. (16.5.1975)
...
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )... 65 ,
65 , ss. 169(2),
214( 2), sch . 27
Pt. II para.
79 ( a ).
ss. 214( 2),
237(1 ), sch . 27
Pt. II para.
79( b ), sch. 29.
24 & 25 Geo. 5:
с. 32
.. Finance Act 1934.. S. 29 rep.
51 , s. 59( 7), sch .
22 Pt. V.
Part III
X2
C Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
24 & 25 Geo. 5:
-cont.
с .49
...
c. 50
c. 51
c. 55...
Whaling Industry ( Regu- S. 17( 1) definition of 27, s. 4( 3), sch. 2
lation) Act 1934. " British ship " am.
para . 7 .
am. (retrosp. )....
49, s. 1 ( 3), sch.
para. 8.
Road Traffic Act 1934 S. 23 rep. ( prosp. )...
65 , SS. 133( 1),
237(1 ), sch. 14
para. 33, sch .
29.
Milk Act 1934 ... S. 10 ( 3) rep...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Dindings Agreement Rep.
( Approval) Act 1934
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
25 & 26 Geo. 5:
c. 8... ...
Unemployment Insurance S. 80 rep. ( prosp. )
Act 1935
...
50, s. 14, sch. 3
para. 1 , sch. 4.
S. 80(1) am. (prosp. )...
38, s. 100( 2) (a).
sch . 27 para . 4.
c. 21 Northern Ireland Land
Purchase (Winding Up)
Act 1935
Ss. 1(3), 6( 4), 11( 3) rep. 36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. II .
S. 15( 4) rep.... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 2 rep.... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
c. 47 Restriction of Ribbon
Development Act 1935 S. 17(1 ) am. (S.) ( prosp.) 65, s. 134 ( 2), sch .
15 para. 25.
S. 17( 2) rep. in pt. ( S.)
( prosp. ) 65, ss. 209(1),
237 ( 1), sch. 25
para. 15, sch .
29.
S. 25( 3) am. (prosp. )... 65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 34.
C.A.M.
No. 1 Diocese of Southwell Rep. (saving)...
( Transfer)
Measure 39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
1935
26 Geo. 5 & 1
Edw. 8 :
c. 2...
Government of India S. 273(1) rep. (saving)
Act 1935
...
c. 22 Hours of Employment
S. 273( 5) am.
S. 5(2) rep .
...
( Conventions) Act 1936
с.40... Midwives Act 1936... S. 2( 3) am. ( prosp. )...
с .44... ... Air Navigation Act 1936 S. 26(1), sch. 4 rep....
c. 48 ... Health Resorts and Rep. ( prosp . )... ...
Watering Places Act
1936
21 , ss . 2( 3), 6(2),
schs. 1, 2.
51 , s . 53( 7) .
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 1 .
39, S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
с.49 ... Public Health Act 1936 S. 1(1) am. ( prosp.)...
S. 14 rep . (1.4.1974 )...
Pt. II (ss. 14-90) am.
( 1.4.1974 )
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 2.
37, ss . 14(1), 40
( 3), sch. 9.
37, s . 14(2).
am. 37, s . 15(1 ).
Effect ofLegislation ci
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
26Geo. 5 &
1 Edw. 8 : Public Health Act 1936
c. 49 -cont. -cont.
Part III
Ss. 15-24 am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 14( 2 ).
S. 15(1 ) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 32.
S. 16 rep. (1.4.1974 )
...
37, ss . 14(1), 40
( 3), sch. 9.
S. 20 subst. (1.4.1974 )
...
37, s . 40(2), sch. 8
para. 33 .
S. 20( 2) proviso rep.
37, s. 40(3), sch.
( 1.4.1974 )
9.
S. 21 am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 14(2)(3).
S. 24( 4) am. (1.4.1974 )
37 , s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 34.
S. 25 appl. (mod.) (1.4.
37, s. 40( 2), sch . 8
1974 )
para. 36(1)( 2).
S. 25(1 ) ext. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 14 ( 7 ).
Ss. 27-31 am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 14 ( 2 ).
S. 28 rep . (1.4.1974 )...
37, s . 40(2)(3),
sch. 8 para. 35,
sch. 9.
S. 32 appl. ( mod.) (1.4.
1974 ) 37, s. 40 ( 2) , sch . 8
para. 36(1)(2) .
S. 32( 4) added (1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 36( 3).
Ss. 33-36 am. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 14 ( 2 ).
S. 34(1 ) am. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s . 14 ( 4 ).
S. 34( 3) am. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 37.
S. 35 rep. (1.4.1974 )... 37, s . 40 ( 2)(3),
sch. 8 para. 35,
sch. 9.
Ss. 37-41 appl. (mod.)
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
( 1.4.1974 )
para. 36( 1)(2) .
S. 39(3) ext . (mod.)..
64, s. 5(1), sch. 2
para. 2(1)( 3).
S. 40( 4) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
S. 41(1) rep. in pt. (1.4 .
para. 38.
37 , s. 40 ( 3), sch.
1974 )
S. 42 am. (1.4.1974 )
9.
37, s. 14 ( 2 ).
S. 48(1) am. ( 1.4.1974 ),
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
( 1A ) added (1.4.1974 )
para. 39.
S. 50(1 ) am. ( 1.4.1974 )
37 , s.
s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 40.
S. 71 ext. (mod.)...
64 , s. 5(1), sch. 2
para. 2(1)( 3).
S. 90(1) definition of
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
sewerage authority ""
9.
rep . (1.4.1974 )
Ss. 111-122, 124 ( 3), 125
37 ss . 11( 9), 40
( 3) , 126-136 rep. (1.4.
( 3), sch. 9.
1974 )
S. 137(1) rep. in pt. ( 1.4.
37, s . 40(2)(3),
1974 )
sch . 8 para. 41,
sch. 9 .
S. 138(1) rep. in pt. (1.4. 37, s . 40(2)( 3),
1974 )
sch. 8 para.
42 ( 1), sch. 9.
X3
cii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
26 Geo. 5 &
1 Edw. 8:
c. 49 -cont.
Public Health Act 1936
-cont.
c. 52 ...
Private Legislation Pro-
cedure ( Scotland ) Act
1936.
S. 138(4) am . (1.4.1974)
S. 138(5) rep. in pt. (1.4.
1974 )
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 42( 2) .
37, s. 40( 2 )( 3),
sch . 8 para. 42
( 3 ), sch. 9.
S. 142 definition of
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
66 statutory water
9.
undertakers " rep. in
pt. ( 1.4.1974 )
S. 143(3) am. ( prosp.)
...
rep. in
pt. ( prosp . )
S. 169(1 ) am. ( prosp. )
...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 3 .
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 4,
para. 4.
S. 187 ext.
..
32, s . 41(3).
Ss. 187, 188 functions of
32, s . 41(1).
local authorities trans .
to Secretary of State.
S. 187(2) am. ( prosp . )...
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 5.
Ss. 189-191 , 194, 195 гер.
32, ss. 41(5), 57,
( prosp. ) and superseded
sch . 5.
( prosp. ).
S. 196 rep . (prosp.)
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
S. 203(1)(2) am. ( prosp. )
S. 203(2) (6 ) rep. in pt.
32, s . 46( 2 ) .
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
( prosp . )
S. 244 am. ( prosp . )... 32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 6.
Pt. XII (ss . 271-347 ) ext. 37, s. 14 ( 2 ) .
in pt. (1.4.1974)
S. 310 rep. (1.4.1974 )... 37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
Ss. 330, 333 ext. (mod.)
64, s. 5( 1), sch. 2
para. 2(2)(3).
Ext. (prosp.)
65, s. 82(2)(b).
S. 11 ( 6 ) am. (16.5.1975 ) 65, s. 214 ( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
80.
1Edw. 8 &
1Geo. 6:
c. 5
... Trunk Roads Act 1936 S. 3(2)(b)(c) rep. in pt. 65,
( prosp. ).
S. 5(2)(3) am. (prosp.)
S. 6 am. ( prosp. )
S. 6( 5) rep .
...
...
...
S. 7( 5) am. (prosp. )
...
S. 12(2) (a) am. ( prosp. )
ss. 133(1),
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 35, sch.
29.
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14 para. 36.
65, s . 133(1 ), sch.
14para. 37.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 38.
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 39( a).
Sessionand
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1Edw. 8 &
1Geo. 6: c. 5 -cont.
c. 14 ...
...
c. 28
... ...
Part III
Effect ofLegislation ciii
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
Trunk Roads Act 1936-
cont .
East India Loans Act
1937.
Harbours, Piers and
Ferries (Scotland) Act
1937.
S. 12(2)(a) proviso rep . in 65,
SS. 133( 1),
pt. ( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch. 14
para 39 (a) ,
sch . 29.
S. 12(2)(b)(c) am. (prosp.) 65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 39(b)
( c ) .
S. 12( 3) rep . .. ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 12(5) ( 8)(9) am. ( prosp.) 65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 39( d) -
( f ).
S. 12(9) proviso rep. 65, ss. 133( 1),
( prosp. ). 237( 1), sch. 14
para . 39 (f) ,
sch . 29.
S. 12( 10 ) am . ( prosp.) ,
65 , s. 133( 1), sch.
( 12 ) subst. (prosp.).
14 para. 39( g)
( h) .
S. 12(16 ) rep .
... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
S. 13(1 ) definition of
65, s. 133( 1 ), sch.
" former highway
14para. 40.
authority" am. ( prosp. ) .
S. 12( 4) rep.... ...
S. 1(1) rep. in pt . ( prosp. )
S. 1( 2) subst. ( prosp.)...
S. 2(2) rep . ( prosp.)...
S. 5( 5)(i)(a)(b) am. ( prosp. )
S. 7( 1) (b) am. ( prosp.)...
Pt. III (ss . 8-20) appl.
( prosp . ).
S. 10 ( 5) rep. inpt. ( prosp. )
S. 17 rep. ( prosp.)
...
S. 18 subst . ( prosp.)
...
S. 21 (1 )(3) am. (prosp.)
S. 23 rep. ( prosp. )...
S. 31 ( 1 ) definitions of-
“ ferry " rep. ( prosp . )
" harbour authority
"
"local authority"
am. (prosp.).
Sch. 3 subst. ( prosp.)...
36, s . 41(1 ) , sch.
6Pt. I.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29 .
65, s. 154(1), sch.
19 para. 7.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 154( 7), sch .
19 para. 8.
65, s . 154(7), sch.
19 para. 9.
65, s. 154( 4 ).
65, ss. 209(1),
237(1), sch. 25
para. 16, sch.
29.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
65, s. 154(1), sch .
19para. 10.
65, s. 154(1), sch .
19 para. 11 .
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
65, s. 237( 1 ), sch .
29 .
65, s . 154(1 ), sch .
19 para. 12.
65, s. 154(1), sch .
19para. 13.
X4
civ Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1 Edw. 8 &
1 Geo. 6 -cont.
c. 33
c. 37
... ...
c .40
c .43...
с.46
c.48
c . 56
c. 68
...
Diseases of Fish Act S. 8( 2) replaced ( 1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 40 ( 2)( 4),
1937.
sch. 8 para.
43 .
Children and Young Per-
sons (Scotland) Act
1937.
S. 28 Reprinted as am.
( prosp.).
S. 28(1 )-(3) am. (prosp .),
( 4 ) added ( prosp. ).
S. 29 rep . ( prosp.)
24, s. 1( 4), sch. 1
Pt. II .
24, s. 1 ( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 5.
24, ss. 1(5), 3(3),
sch . 2.
S. 31 (1 ) am. (prosp.)
...
24, s . 1 ( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 6.
S. 36(1 ) am. (prosp. )
...
24, s. 1(3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 7.
S. 37 am. (prosp.)
...
24, s . 1( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I para. 8.
Public Health ( Drainage
of Trade Premises ) Act
1937.
Public Records (Scotland)
Act 1937.
Physical Training and
Recreation Act 1937 .
Methylated Spirits (Sale
by Retail ) (Scotland)
Act 1937 .
Coal ( Registration of
Ownership) Act 1937.
Local Government Super-
annuation Act 1937.
S. 110 ( 1 ) definitions of-
" Local authority
"
subst . ( 16.5.1975) .
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
81( a ).
66
Large burgh ", (2) 65, ss. 214( 2),
rep . ( prosp. ). 237(1 ), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 81 ,
sch . 29.
S. 110(3) (b) rep. (prosp.) 65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
Am. ( 1.4.1974)
S. 4 ( 4) rep. (1.4.1974)
37, s. 14 ( 2 ) .
37, s . 40 (2)(3 ),
sch . 8 para. 44 ,
sch. 9.
S. 7 saved
S. 12 ( 2 ) rep . (1.4.1974 )
37, s . 31(6 )( a ).
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9 .
S. 5(2 ) am. ( prosp. )
.. 65, s . 200( 8).
Ss. 3(1)(a)(b), 10( 2) rep. 65, s. 237(1), sch.
in pt. ( prosp. ).
29.
S. 10( 4) am. ( prosp. )
65, s . 162(1) .
S. 10( 9) rep. ( prosp . )
...
...
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 2(1) proviso, ( 2 ), ( 4)
65, s . 209(1 ), sch.
am. ( prosp . ) .
25 para. 17.
S. 6 definition of " local
65, s. 188, sch. 24
authority " am. ( prosp.).
para. 36.
Rep.
39, S.L. peals ).
(Re-
Ss. 1( 2A ) added, 3( 2) am. ,
S.I. No. 313.
( 4 )(c ) and the proviso
rep. , (5) added, 6(2),
10(6) am. , (8) added,
12(2) am . , 16( 1 )(b) rep . ,
21(2)(b) am. , 28A
added, 30, 40(1) defi-
nitions of part - time“
officer " am . , " whole-
time officer ", sch. 2
Pt. VI added.
Effect ofLegislation CV
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1 Edw. 8 &
1 Geo. 6 -cont.
c. 69... ...
c. 70 ...
1 &2 Geo. 6.:
c. 6
с. 24
...
c .44
.. ...
c. 50
c. 52
с.54...
c. 69
...
2& 3 Geo. 6.:
c . 4 ...
...
c. 22
с. 31
...
Local Government Super-
annuation (Scotland)
Act 1937.
Ss. 3( 2) am. , (4 )(c) rep. , S.I. No. 503.
( 5) added, 6(2), 10(6 )
am. , (8) added, 12(2)
am. , 16(1 )(b) rep. , 23A
added, 25 am. , 34 (1)
definitions of " "part-
time servant " added ,
"whole -time officer "
subst. , sch. 4 added
... Agriculture Act 1937...
Ss. 17 rep. , 32 definition
of " Approved sup-
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
plier " rep. in pt.
...
Air-Raid PrecautionsAct S.13 ( 2 ) - ( 4 ) am .
1937.
( 16.5.1975 ) .
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
82 ( a) -(c).
S. 13(4 ) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 214(2 ) ,
( prosp. ) 237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para, 82
( c ), sch. 29.
S. 13(6 ) am. ( 16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214 ( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
82(d) .
S. 13(9)(10)( 12)
rep. 65, ss. 214( 2),
( prosp. ).
237( 1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 82
( e ), sch. 29.
S. 14 residue rep .
...
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II .
Ss. 14, 15(2) rep. in pt.... 36, s . 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Conveyancing Amend-
S. 4 rep . (25.7.1976)
...
52, s . 16( 2), sch. 5
ment (Scotland) Act
Pt. I.
1938.
Road HaulageWages Act
S. 6( 2 ) am. (prosp. )
...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
1938.
sch . 27 para. 5.
Divorce (Scotland ) Act
S. 5(1), am. , (3) added
45, s. 12( 7 ), sch. 4
1938
para. 2.
Coal Act 1938 ...
Ss. 1 , 3(1) rep. , ( 2 ) rep. in
39, S.L. ( Re-
pt. , ( 3), 4, 6 (except
peals.)
subs. (2)), 7-10, 12, 13,
17( 3), 18, 20, 21 , 23-31,
35-40, 42(2) rep. , (3)
rep. in pt . , 43(3) rep. ,
( 4 ) rep. in pt. , 45( 9) -
( 11) , 56 , 57 , schs. 1, 3-
5 rep.
Architects Registration
S. 6(2) rep . ... ...
Act 1938 . Young Persons (Employ-
S. 10( 2) am. (prosp . ) ..
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 160.
ment) Act 1938 .
Custody of Children
( Scotland ) Act 1939.
Camps Act 1939
Civil Defence Act 1939... S. 1 am. (prosp. )
...
... Rep . ( Ε. ) ...
... ...
S. 33 am. ( S.) ( prosp.)
29, s . 11( 1).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
65, s . 134( 2), sch .
15 para. 26.
cvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
2&3 Geo. 6 : Civil Defence Act 1939-
c. 31 -cont. cont.
S.
am.
91( 2)( a) -( c) ( 16.5.1975).
S. 91 (2)(d) - ( f) , ( 3) defi-
"
nitions of large
burgh small
burgh" rep. ( prosp. ).,
S. 91(14) am. ( prosp. )
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
83( a) - (c) .
65, SS. 214 ( 2 )
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 83
( h ), sch. 29.
...
65, s . 134(2), sch.
15 para. 26.
S.
91 (15)(18)(19 ) rep.
( prosp .).
65, ss. 214( 2 ),
237 ( 1) , sch . 27
Pt. II para. 83
( h ), sch. 29.
S. 91( 23) subst . (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
83( d ) .
S. 91 (25) rep . (prosp.)
...
65, ss. 214(2),
237(1 ), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 83
( h ), sch. 29.
S. 91 ( 26 )( 27)
( 16.5.1975) .
am.
65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
83(e)( f) .
S. 91 (31) rep . ( prosp.)
...
65 , ss. 214 ( 2 ),
237( 1 ), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 83
( h ), sch. 29.
S. 91(33) am. (prosp.)
...
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
83( g) .
S. 92( 2 ) rep .... ...
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 1(6 ), 7 am. ( prosp. ) ... 65, s . 167.
c. 34... .. Marriage (Scotland ) Act
1939.
c. 36... ...
Hall-marking of Foreign
Plate Act 1939.
с .44..
House to House Collec-
tions Act 1939.
Rep. (1.1.1975)... ... 43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
S. 7 rep. (S.) ( prosp.).... 65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 10( a) subst . (prosp.)... 65, s . 188, sch. 24
para. 37.
S. 10(e) rep . (prosp .)... 65, ss. 188, 237
( 1 ), sch. 24
para . 37, sch.
29.
S. 11(1) definitions of 65, s . 237(1), sch.
" police area police 29.
,
authority", " chief
officer of police " rep.
c .48... ...
( prosp. ).
Agricultural Develop- S. 38( 1) definition of" the
39, S.L. (Re-
ment Act 1939 .
appropriate Minister "
peals ).
c. 50... ...
Prevention of Violence
rep. in pt.
Rep....
( Temporary Provisions)
... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Act 1939.
c. 70... ... Ships and Aircraft ( Trans-
Restr.
fer Restriction ) Act
1939.
Ss. 4(1)(a), 10
( retrosp. ).
27, s. 4( 3), sch. 2
para. 6.
am. 49, s . 1( 3), sch.
para. 7.
Effect of Legislation cvii
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject 2& 3 Geo. 6
-cont.
c. 72
c. 73
c. 75...
Landlord and Tenant
( War Damage) Act
1939.
Housing Emergency
Powers) Act 1939.
Compensation ( Defence )
Act 1939.
Ss. 25 rep. , 26( 2) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
pt.
Pt. I.
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c .86... ..
c .94...
c. 95...
с. 102
c. 103
с . 114
Isle of Man (War Legis-
lation ) Act 1939.
Local Government Staffs
( War Service) Act 1939.
Teachers Superannuation
( War Service ) Act 1939.
Liability for War Damage
( Miscellaneous Provi-
sions) Act 1939.
Police and Firemen ( War
Service) Act 1939.
pt.
Execution of Trusts Rep.
( Emergency Provisions)
Act 1939.
Ss. 5 rep. , 6(3) rep. in pt.
Ss. 2 (1), 17( 1) definition
of emergency
powers " rep. in pt.
Rep.... ... ...
Ss. 16 rep. , 17( 3) rep. in
pt .
Ss. 12 rep. , 13( 4) rep. in
pt.
Ss. 7 rep., 8( 3) rep. in pt.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 15 rep. , 16( 3) rep. in 36, s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt . I.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
3 &4Geo. 6:
c. 10
Industrial Assurance and Ss. 11 rep. , 12 rep. in pt. 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Friendly Societies
Pt . I.
( Emergency Protection
from Forfeiture ) Act
1940.
c. 14 ... Agriculture ( Miscel-
Ss. 14, 16-21, 22(1)(b),
39, S.L. ( Re-
laneous War Provi-
22(3) ( 4) , 23-26 rep. ,
peals ).
sions) Act 1940.
27(1)(a) rep. in pt. ,
30(1 )(2)(a) , 31 (1) (ex-
cept para. (d )), 31 (2)(3)
( 5 ) rep . , 32(1) rep. in
pt. , ( 2 )- ( 4), sch. 5 rep.
c. 19
Societies ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1940.
Ss. 11 rep. , 12( 2) rep. in
36, s. 41 (1 ), sch. 6
pt.
Pt. I.
с . 21
Treachery Act 1940 Rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
c. 26 ...
peals ).
Superannuation Schemes
Ss. 2
rep . , 3( 2 ) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
( War Service ) Act 1940.
Pt. I.
c . 29
...
Finance Act 1940
S. 55( 4) am. (retrosp.)...
51, s. 54, sch. 21
para. 2.
c. 31
War Charities Act 1940 S. 12( e) subst. (prosp. ),
65, s. 188, sch. 24
( g) am. (prosp.).
para. 38.
S. 12( h) rep. (prosp. )...
65 , s. 237( 1), sch .
29 .
Ss. 13 rep. , 14( 2) rep. in
36, s. 41 ( 1 ), sch. 6
pt.
c . 38.. ... Truck Act 1940...
Pt. I.
Ss. 1( 1)( 3), 2 rep. , 3( 2)
39, S.L. ( Re-
rep. inpt.
peals ).
Ss. 2 rep. , 3(2 ) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c .41 ... Confirmation of Execu-
Rep....
39, S.L. ( Re-
tors ( War Service )
peals ).( Scotland ) Act 1940.
cviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject 3 & 4 Geo. 6
-cont.
c. 42
...
c. 50 ...
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Law Reform (Miscel- S. 3 am.
laneous Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1940.
Agriculture ( Miscel-
laneous War Provi-
sions) ( No. 2) Act 1940.
... 52 , s . 20(1).
Ss . 2(1)(a), ( 2)-(7) , ( 11 ), | 39, S.L. (Re-
( 12 ), (13) definition of
owner " . 5-9 rep. , peals ).
10 ( 4 ) rep. in pt.
4& 5 Geo. 6 :
c. 7...
c. 12...
Diplomatic Privileges
( Extension) Act 1941 .
War Damage Act 1941
Rep.... ...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 88 rep ...
39, S.L.
( Re-
peals ).
с. 35 Colonial War Risks In- Rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
surance (Guarantees)
peals ).
Act 1941 .
c. 36 ... Financial Powers ( U.S.A.
Securities) Act 1941 . Rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
с. 41 Landlord and Tenant
( War Damage ) S. 18 rep ....
36 , s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
( Amendment) Act
1941 .
c. 50 Agriculture ( Miscel- Ss. 4-6, 9, 10, 12(2) , (3),
laneous Provisions) ( 5)- (7), (9), 13( 2) , 15 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Act 1941 . definitions of "the
Committee", "the
rules of good hus-
bandry", occupa-
“
tion contract ", the
war period ", schs. 1 ,
2 , 4 rep.
5 & 6 Geo. 6 :
c . 19
Coal (Concurrent Leases) Rep.
Act 1942
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
6& 7 Geo. 6 :
с. 16
...
c. 38
C.A.M.:
No. 1
Agriculture
laneous
Act 1943
( Miscel- Ss. 3( 2) rep. in pt. , 5, 6,
Provisions )
10(1 )(2)(4), 11-14, 15
( 2 )( 4), 16 rep. , 19(a )
rep. in pt. , (c), (d)(ii)
(iv ) , (e), 20(2) rep . , ( 3) ,
22 rep. in pt . , schs . 1 ,
2 rep.
Coal Act 1943 ... Ss. 4-6, 8-10, 12, 13, 15,
16, schs. 1 , 3 rep.
New Parishes Measure S. 31 rep. in pt. ( 1.2.1974 )
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
1943
16, s. 1(4)( 5), sch.
2 Pt. III.
7 & 8 Geo. 6 :
c. 8
...
c. 9
Guardianship (Refugee Rep.... ...
Children ) Act 1944
Supreme Court of Judi-
cature ( Amendment )
Act1944
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 1 (2)-(4) rep . , (5) rep. in 15, ss. 19(1), 20
pt. , (6 ) rep . , sch . rep . in
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.pt.
Effect of Legislation cix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Geo. 6 :
-cont.
c. 10
Disabled Persons (Em-
ployment) Act 1944 c. 22
с. 25
c. 26
...
...
...
Police and Firemen ( War
Service) Act 1944
Law Officers Act 1944 ...
Rural Water Supplies and
Sewerage Act 1944
c. 28... ...
с. 31... ...
Agriculture ( Miscel-
laneous
Provisions)
Act1944
Education Act 1944...
c. 34
c. 43
... Validation of War-time
Leases Act 1944
Matrimonial Causes
( War Marriages) Act
1944
8 & 9 Geo. 6 :
c. 10 ...
Compensation of Dis- placed Officers (War
Service) Act 1945
Ss. 2-5 rep. ( prosp. ), 16 50, s. 14, sch . 3
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
para. 2, sch. 4.
S. 16 ext.
...
50, s. 12 (1) .
S. 22( 2) rep .
...
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 22(3) rep .
S.I. No. 2163 .
Ss. 6(1) rep. , 7( 3) rep. in 36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
pt. Pt. I.
S. 3 rep. ... ... ... 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 1 (1)( 4) am. (E.) (1.4.
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
1974 )
para. 45.
S. 1(6 ) rep. (1.4.1974)
...
37, s . 40(3), sch .
9.
S. 2 rep . (1.4.1974)
...
37, s . 40(2)(3),
sch. 8 para. 46,
sch. 9.
S. 4 rep. (1.4.1974 )
...
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
S. 7(2) am. (prosp.)
...
65, s . 148(8), sch.
17 para. 2.
Ss. 7 rep. , 9 rep. in pt.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ext .
S. 17( 6 ) rep. in pt .
16, ss . 1 (2), 2(9) .
16, s. 1 ( 4), sch. 2
Pt. II.
S. 35 appl.
18, s. 29(2)(a).
S. 48(1)- (3) rep . ( prosp .)
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
S. 48( 4) am. ( prosp.)
... 32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 7.
... S. 48(5) rep . (prosp.)
S. 59 rep. ( prosp.)
Ss. 69(1) , 78(1) rep.
(prosp.), (2) rep . in pt . ,
79 rep . (prosp.)
Ss . 86, 100(4) rep .
S. 114(1 ) definitions of-
" Medical officer " am.
( prosp. ) Medical inspection ",
Medic"
" Medical treatment
rep. ( prosp. )
Ss . 119, 121 ( except pro-
viso (a )), sch . 9 rep .
S. 6( 1) rep. in pt . , ( 2) rep.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
24, s. 3( 3), sch. 2.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
16, s. 1( 4), sch. 2
Pt. II.
32, s . 57, sch . 4
para. 8.
32 , s. 57, sch. 5.
S.3 rep.
16, s. 1( 4 ), sch. 2
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
... ... 45, s . 17(2) , sch.
6.
S. 10 (1) rep. , (2) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41 ( 1 ), sch. 6...
Pt. I.
CX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Geo. 6 :
-cont.
c . 12
c .16
c. 26 Camps Act 1945
c. 42 Water Act 1945
...
Northern Ireland ( Mis- Ss. 1, 2 rep.
cellaneous Provisions)
Act 1945
Limitation (Enemies and S. 2( 1) definition of
War Prisoners) Act
" statute of limitation " 1945
am.
S. 4(a ) am. 36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
18, s. 54(1 ), sch. 2
para. 2.
52, s. 23(1) , sch . 4
Pt. II .
am . (25.7.1976 ) ... 52, s. 16(1), sch. 4
Pt. I.
... Rep.... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ss. 1-5, 8, 9( 4) rep. (1.4.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
1974 ).
9.
S. 10 restr. (1.4.1974)..
37, s . 11(8) .
S. 10(1)(2) subst. (1.4.
37, s. 40 (2), sch . 8
1974 )
para. 47.
S. 11 rep . (1.4.1974 )... 37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
Ss. 12 subst. , 13 re- 37, s. 12(9), sch. 4
placed (1.4.1974) Pt. I.
S. 14(10)(12) am. (1.4. 37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
1974 ) para. 48.
S. 15(1 ) proviso am. (1.4.
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
- 1974 )
para. 49.
S. 15( 3) rep. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
S. 19(1 ) am. (1.4.1974) 37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 50.
S. 19( 1), (6 ) rep. in pt. 37, s . 40(3), sch.
(1.4.1974), (7) rep. 9.
( 1.4.1974 )
S. 22(2) proviso para. (a) 37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
am. (1.4.1974)
S. 23 ext. (1.4.1974 ) 37, s . 20(5) .
para. 51 .
Ss . 23(1 ), 24(4) rep. in pt. 37, s. 40( 3), sch .
( 1.4.1974 )
9.
S. 27 am. (1.4.1974 )
...
saved
37, s. 11 (7)(a) .
37, s . 31 (6 )(b).
Ss. 28 rep . (1.4.1974 ), 32
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch.
( 1)(2) rep. in pt. (1.4.
9.
1974) , (4) ( 5), 33(3) гер.
( 1.4.1974), 34(2) rep . in
pt. ( 1.4.1974 )
S. 34(2) (a) , (3) am. (1.4.
1974 )
Ss. 34 ( 4) rep. in pt. ( 1.4.
1974) , 35(3) rep. (1.4.
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 52.
37, s . 40(3), sch .
9.
1974 )
Ss. 36, 37 am. (1.4.1974 )
Ss . 36-38 am. (1.4.1974)
Ss. 38( 1) rep. in pt. ( 1.4 .
1974
1974), (6)(7) , 40 rep.
37, s . 11 (7)(a) .
37, s. 40( 2) sch. 8
para. 53 .
37 , s. 40(3), sch.
9.
( 1.4.1974 )
S. 42( 2) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s . 40(2), sch . 8
para. 54.
Effect ofLegislation cxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Geo. 6 : Water Act 1945 -cont.
c. 42 -cont.
Ss . 46, 55( 1 )(a)(ii) rep. in
pt. ( 1.4.1974 )
S. 55(1 )(c) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 55.
S. 59(1 ) definitions of-
" catchment area
" catchment board "
37, s. 40(3) , sch.
9.
“
fishery
board "
" fishery
district "
"joint water board ",
" rivers
board " ,
66 statutory
water
undertakers " rep. (1.4.
1974 ), " limits of
supply " rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 )
" watercourse " am. 37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
( 1.4.1974 ) para. 56.
Sch. 1 para. 2 am. (1.4.
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
1974 )
para. 57.
para. 3 (ii ) (iii )
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
subst. (1.4.1974)
para. 58.
para . 11 am. (1.4.
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
1974 )
para. 57.
para. 12 am. (1.4.
1974 )
37, s. 40 (2), sch. 8
para. 59.
para. 16 rep. in pt.
37, s. 40(3), sch.
( 1.4.1974), Pts .
9.
III-V rep . ( 1.4.
1974 ) , sch . 2
paras. 3, 5-7
rep. in pt. (1.4.
1974 )
Sch. 3 am. (1.4.1974)
...
Sch. 3, s. 1 (1) am. (1.4.
1974 )
rep . in pt. (1.4.1974 )
Pts . VII, IX appl.
37, s . 40(2), sch. 8
para. 53.
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 60.
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
37, s . 11 (7)(b)(c) .
( mod.) (1.4.1974)
Sch. 3 , ss . 46(1), 47-51
rep . (1.4.1974 )
s. 74( 3) am.
s. 78( 1) paras . ( a) -
( c ), ( 2 ) rep. (1.4.
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9 .
S.I. No. 1393.
37, s . 40 ( 3), sch.
9.
1974 )
Sch. 3, s. 93 appl. (mod. )
64, s. 5(1), sch. 2,
para. 3.
Sch. 4 rep. in pt .... 37, s . 40(3), sch.
9.
c .43... ... Requisitioned Land and
War Works Act 1945. Ss. 21 rep. , 33, 34 rep. in 39, S.L. (Re-
pt. , 40-43 , 45, 46, 54
rep . , 60(3 ) rep . in pt . peals).
с . 44... ... Treason Act 1945... S. 3( 3) rep. ... ... 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
cxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10Geo. 6 :
c. 13
c . 15
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1945
Public Health ( Scotland )
Act 1945.
S. 54( 4) rep.
S. 1( 8) definitions of-
" county " , " large
burgh " , " small
burgh " rep. ( prosp. ) .
" local authority "
subst . (16.5.1975).
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
84 .
c. 20...
Building Materials and
S. 11( 2) rep .
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
c. 26 Housing Act 1945.
Pt. I.
Emergency Laws (Transi-
S. 16 rep. in pt .
39,
S.L. ( Re-
tional Provisions) Act
peals).
1946.
c. 28... Assurance Companies Residue rep.
...
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Act 1946.
Pt. I.
c. 29 Agriculture ( A
( Artificial In-
Ss. 2-4, 6 definitions of
39, S.L. ( Re-
semination) Act 1946.
" Cattle insemination
peals ).
centre",
" Licence "
rep.
c . 30..
Trunk Roads Act 1946 S. 5(2 ) am.
...
56, s . 20(8) .
S. 9(1)(2) rep .... ... 39, S.L.
( Re-
peals ).
S. 14( 3) am. ( prosp. ), ( 4 )
65, s. 133( 1), sch.
subst. (prosp.), (6) am.
14 para. 41 .
( prosp. ).
c. 36...
Statutory Instruments Act
S. 7(1) ext. (N.Ι.)
...
53, s . 29( 4).
1946.
c . 42..
Water (Scotland ) Act
S. 3 rep. ( prosp.)
...
65, SS. 209(1),
1946.
237(1), sch . 25
para. 18, sch.
29.
S. 8( 4) am. (prosp. )
65, s . 148(8) , sch.
17 para. 3.
S. 9 rep. in pt. (prosp.) .
...
65, ss. 209(1),
,
237(1), sch. 25
para. 19, sch.
29.
S. 12(1) am. (prosp.)
...
65, s . 148( 8) , sch.
17 para. 4( a).
S. 12( 3) rep. in pt . ( prosp. )
65, ss. 148( 8),
237(1 ), sch . 17
para. 4( b ), sch.
29.
S. 18(2) rep . ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
S. 23 am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 5.
S. 24(1 ) proviso rep. 65, SS. 209(1),
( prosp. ).
237(1 ) , sch. 25
para . 20, sch .
29.
S. 29 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 6.
S. 29(2) proviso rep. in 65, ss . 209(1),
pt. ( prosp. ). 237(1 ) , sch. 25
para. 21 , sch .
29 .
Effect ofLegislation cxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Geo. 6:
c. 42 -cont. Water (Scotland ) Act S. 30 am. ( prosp . )
1946 -cont.
S. 31 am. ( prosp.)..
...
65, s. 148(8) , sch.
17 para. 7.
65, s. 148(8), sch.
17 para. 8.
S. 53(1 ) am. (prosp.) 65, s. 134( 2), sch .
15 para. 27( a) .
S. 53(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.), 65, ss . 209(1),
( 4 ) rep. ( prosp. ) . 237( 1), sch . 25
para. 22, sch.
29.
S. 53( 6) added ( prosp. ) 65, s . 134(2), sch.
15 para. 27( b) .
S. 54 am. (prosp .)
...
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 9.
S. 55 am. (prosp. )
...
65, s . 148( 8), sch .
17 para. 10.
S. 56 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 11 .
S. 56( 3) am. (16.5.1974.)
S. 57 am. ( prosp. )
65, s . 121.
..
65, s. 148(8), sch .
17 para. 12.
S. 58(1 ) am. (prosp . )
S. 61 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 13.
...
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
S. 78 am. ( prosp. )
17 para . 14.
..
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 15.
S. 84( 1 ) definitions of-
" county " rep. ( prosp. ) 65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
" water authority
added ( prosp . ).
Sch. 1 paras . 2, 11( i ), (ii ) ,
19 am. (prosp .) .
Sch. 4 para. 5(1 )(2) am.
( prosp. ) . paras. 19, 24( 2)
rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 16.
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 17.
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
65, 17 para. 18.
SS. 209(1 ),
237( 1), sch . 25
para. 23, sch.
29.
para. 24(2) am.
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
( prosp. ).
17 para. 18.
c .49 ...
Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Proce-
dure) Act 1946.
Ext.
{
26, s . 22( 5) .
64 , s. 5 ( 1), sch. 2
para. 5(1)(a) .
Appl. ( mod. )
64 , s. 6, sch. 4
paras. 1 , 6-10.
S. 3(1) rep . in pt.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Sch. 1 para. 15 am.
Sch . 4 rep. in pt.
26 , s. 64.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
c. 50
Education Act 1946 ...
S. 4(2 )(c) am. ( prosp . )
...
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 9.
c. 52... ...
c. 58
TradeDisputes and Trade
Unions Act 1946.
Borrowing ( Control and
Guarantees) Act 1946.
S. 1 rep. in pt. , sch. 1 rep.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals .)
S. 1 saved (prosp . ) S. 6 (1) rep. in pt. , ( 2 ) rep. 38, s . 75(4) .
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
cxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
9 & 10 Geo. 6:
c. 59... ...
Coal Industry National-
isation Act 1946.
c. 62...
National Insurance (In-
dustrial Injuries) Act
1946.
Finance Act 1946...
S. 2( 2 ) am.
...
8, ss. 10, 13(1),
sch 1 para. 1.
Ss. 5( 4 ), 10-25 rep .
S. 27(4) am.... ...
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
8, s . 13(1), sch. 1
para. 2.
Ss. 28(1)(a) rep. , 38( 3)
rep. in pt. , (5) rep . , 55
39, S.L. peals.) (Re-
rep . in pt. , 64(5), sch. 3
paras . 7, 13 rep.
Rep. (except
S. 89 )
(prosp.).
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
c .64... ...
Ss. 48-51 ext . (N.I.)
S. 52(b) rep .
S.I. No. 2163 .
...
... ...
51 , s. 59( 7 ) , sch.
22 Pt. V.
S. 56( 4) appl.
с. 67 ..... National Insurance Act Residue rep. ( prosp.)
...
1946.
S. 70(6) rep. .. ...
58, s . 27( 3) .
38, s . 100(2)(h),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 77... ... Association of County
Rep. ( prosp.)
...
65, s . 237(1), sch.
Councils
( Scotland )
29.
Act 1946.
c. 80... ... Atomic Energy Act 1946 S. 20( 1) rep. in pt....
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 81... National Health Service
Act 1946. S. 1 am. ( prosp . )
...
32, ss . 40(1 ), 57,
sch. 4 para. 10.
S. 1(1) excl ....
32, s . 7(1).
S. 2(1) am. (prosp.)...
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 11 .
S. 2( 3) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 11 , sch . 5.
S. 3(1) rep. ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
S. 3(2 )(3) am. ( prosp.)
...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 12.
S. 4 am. ( prosp.)
...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 13.
Ss. 6-14 (except s. 6( 4 ) ) 32, s . 57, sch. 5.
rep. ( prosp. ).
S. 16( 1) am. ( prosp. )...
S. 16( 2 ) rep . ( prosp . )...
S. 17 am. ( prosp. )
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 14.
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 15.
S. 18 am. (prosp. )...
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 16.
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) ...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 16, sch. 5.
S. 19 rep. (prosp. )
32, ss. 14(1 ), 57,
sch. 5.
S. 20 rep . ( prosp . )...
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
S. 21 rep. ( prosp. )...
32, ss. 2( 3), 57,
sch . 5.
S. 22(1 )( 2) rep. in pt. 32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp.). para. 17, sch.
5 .S. 22(3) rep . ( prosp . ) ... 32, s . 57, sch. 5.
Effect of Legislation CXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Geo. 6:
c. 81 -cont. National Health Service Ss. 24-27 rep (prosp.)
Act 1946 -cont.
...
Ss. 30, 31 rep. ( prosp . )
Pt . IV (ss . 31-48) saved
( prosp.) .
S. 32 am. ( prosp. )...
S. 33(1) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 33(1) am. (prosp. ), (3)
added ( prosp.).
S. 34 am. (prosp. )...
S. 35(1) proviso am.
( prosp.).
S. 36(3)(c ) rep. in pt.
S. 36(3A ) added
S. 37 rep . ( prosp . )
S. 38( 1) subst . (prosp.),
( 2 ) am. ( prosp.).
S. 38(3) am. (prosp.)
...
S. 39(1 ) am. ( prosp. )
...
S.40(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 40(1), (2)(d )( e) am.
( prosp. ).
S. 41(1) am. (prosp. )...
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 42 am. ( prosp.)...
S. 43 am. ( prosp . )...
S. 46 rep. (prosp. )...
S. 47 am. (prosp. )...
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
Ss. 52(2) rep. in pt.
( prosp .), 54(1) -(3) rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 54(6) am. (prosp. )
...
S. 55 ext. (mod. )
saved
S. 55( 2)-( 4) am. ( prosp.)
S. 56 rep. (prosp.)
S. 57(1 ) am. ( prosp. )
...
...
S. 58(1) am.
... ...
32, ss. 2( 3) , 57,
sch. 5.
32, s . 57, sch . 5.
32, s . 2(3) .
32, s . 57, sch . 4
para. 18.
32, s. 57, sch. 5 .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 19.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 20.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 21.
32, ss. 51 , 57, sch.
5 .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 22.
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
32, s . 42.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 23.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 24.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4.
para. 25.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 26.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 27.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 28.
32 , s. 57 , sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 29.
32 , s. 57, sch. 4
para. 29, sch.
5.
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 30.
32 , s. 14( 2).
32, s . 15(3) .
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 31.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 32.
32, s. 53(1 ).
cxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Geo. 6 :
c. 81 -cont.
10 & 11 Geo. 6 :
c . 9
...
c .14
c . 19
..
...
с. 22 ...
National Health Service
Act 1946-cont.
Ss. 58( 3) rep. in pt. 32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp . ), 59(1), 60 rep .
( prosp. ), 61 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ), 62, 64, 66, 68,
69 rep. (prosp.).
S. 70 am. (prosp.)
... S. 71 am. ( prosp . )
.. S. 72 am. ( prosp. )
S 73 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 74( c ) am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 74(c) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 33.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 34.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 35.
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 36.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 36, sch.
5.
32, s. 57, sch. 5 .
Ss. 75(1 ) rep. (prosp.), (2),
76 rep . in pt. (prosp . ) ,
78, 79(1 ) definitions of
" appointed day " rep.
( prosp .), " local auth-
ority rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 79(1 ) definition of
32, s. 57, sch. 4
" medicine " am .
para. 37.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 1 para. 3 rep. in pt. 32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ). para. 38, sch.
5.
para. 4 am ( prosp )
32, s. 57, sch . 4
para. 38.
Schs. 2, 3, 4 Pt. I, 5 rep.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 7 para. 3 am. ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 39 .
Sch. 10 rep. in pt . ( prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
Malta (Reconstruction)
Act 1947.
Exchange Control Act
1947 .
Polish Resettlement Act
1947.
Rep.
Saved 39, peals ).
S.L. (Re-
38, s . 75( 4).
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
Civic Restaurants Act S. 1( 1)( c) am. (16.5.1975)
1947.
S. 4( 1) am. (prosp . )
32, ss . 57, 58(6 ),
sch. 4 para.
40 .
32, ss. 57, 58( 6) ,
sch. 5.
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
85 .
Ss . 1 ( 1) proviso para. (i) ,
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
( 2 ) rep. (prosp .), ( 3)
29.
rep . in pt. ( prosp.) , 2
rep. (prosp.).
S. 2( 2) rep . ...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Effect of Legislation cxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 6 :
c. 22 -cont.
Civic Restaurants Act
1947. -cont.
S. 3(5 ) rep . in pt . (6 ) rep.
( prosp. ), ( 7 ) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 4( 3) am. (16.5.1975)
...
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
86.
c. 26
c. 27...
Cotton (Centralised Buy-
ing ) Act 1947.
National Health Service
( Scotland ) Act 1947.
Rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 37( 3)(c) rep. in pt .
...
32 , ss. 51 , 57,
58(5), sch. 5 .
S. 37(3A) added
...
32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
sch. 4 para. 41 .
S. 40(1) subst. (prosp. ) ,
32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
( 2 ) am. (prosp. ).
sch . 4 para. 42.
S. 80(1) definition of
32, ss. 57, 58(3),
" medicine "
am.
sch. 4 para. 43.
( prosp.).
c. 32 Agriculture ( Emergency
Payments) Act 1947. Rep.
...
c. 35 Finance Act 1947
... S. 59 rep.
c. 37 Northern Ireland Act S. 1 (1)(2) rep.
... ...
1947.
S. 1( 3) rep .... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
51 , s . 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. V.
36, s. 41(1), sch 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
c. 39
с .41
Ss. 3-7 rep. , 8(2) rep.
( saving), 9(2 ) rep . , (3)
rep. (saving), 10, 11
rep. , 14(3) rep. in pt.
... Statistics of Trade Act
1947.
Am.... 50, s. 4(1) .
S. 9 excl .
50, s. 4( 3).
Fire Services Act 1947 ... Ss. 18, 19 excl . ( S.) ( prosp. )
65, s. 64( 4)( 5) .
S. 26 para. (i ) am. (prosp.)
38, s . 100( 2)(a),
sch. 27para. 6.
S. 27(5) rep. ( prosp. )
...
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S. 36 restr. ( prosp . )
...
65, s . 56(8)( 9) .
am.
65, s . 147(5) .
S. 36( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp .)
65, ss. 147(5)(b) ,
237( 1), sch. 29.
S. 36( 3) subst.
.. 65, s. 147( 2).
S. 38(1) definition of 65, s . 147(6).
" combined"
area
added.
c . 42
... Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Proced-
ure ) ( Scotland) Act
1947.
Sch. 4 rep. (prosp. )... 65 , SS. 147 ( 7 ),
237(1), sch . 29.
Ext... ... 56, s . 20(5).
Appl. (mod. )
56, s. 63(1) .
Appl. ( prosp. )
65 , s.71( 4) .
S. 3(1) rep. in pt.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 7(1) definition of 65, s. 133(1), sch.
" local authority am."
14 para. 42.( prosp. ).
cxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 6:
c. 42 -cont.
c .43.. ...
Acquisition of Land Sch. 1 para. 9 rep. (prosp. )
( Authorisation Proced-
ure ) (Scotland) Act
1947. -cont.
para. 15 am.... Sch. 2 para. 3 mod....
para. 4mod.
...
para. 4 am.
Local Government ( Scot- Ss. 1-178, 179(2), ( 4) - (6 ),
land ) Act 1947. 180-186, 188-192, 194
rep. (prosp.).
S. 195 am. ( prosp .)...
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
56, s. 60.
56, s . 51(1) .
56, s. 63(3) .
56, s . 54(1 ) .
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
Ss. 196-215 rep. (prosp.)
S. 216 am. ( prosp. ) appl. ( mod. )
( prosp. ).
Ss . 217-220 rep. (prosp.)
S. 221 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 1.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 2.
65, s. 135(9).
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
3, sch. 29.
S. 223 proviso rep. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1), sch. 9 para.
4 , sch. 29.
Ss. 224-227 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 229(2) rep . (prosp.), (3)
rep. in pt . ( prosp. ).
S. 230 rep. (prosp . )...
S. 231 rep . in pt. (prosp.)
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29 .
65, ss . 122, 237
(1), sch. 9 para.
5 , sch. 29.
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch.
29.
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
6 , sch. 29.
S. 232(1 ) proviso para. (c) 65, ss . 122, 237
rep. ( prosp. ). (1), sch. 9 para.
7, sch. 29.
S. 234 rep . in pt. (prosp.) 65, ss. 122, 237
(1), sch. 9 para.
8, sch. 29.
S. 235(1 ) rep. in pt. 65, s. 237( 1 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
29.
S. 237 excl ....
9, s. 16 ( 7 ).
S. 237( 2)( f) rep. ( prosp . ) 65 , ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
9( a), sch. 29.
S. 237( 3) subst . ( prosp . ) ...
65, s. 122, sch . 9
para. 9( b) .
S. 238(4) rep. ( prosp. )...
65, ss . 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
10, sch. 29.
Ss. 239 rep. ( prosp.), 240,
241 rep. in pt . ( prosp. ).
S. 243(1 ) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
65 , , s. s. 237( 1), sch.
29.
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
11, sch. 29.
Effect ofLegislation cxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 6:
c. 43 -cont. Local Government ( Scot-
land ) Act 1947 -cont.
Ss. 245, 246 rep . (prosp.) 65, s. 237(1), sch .
29 .
S. 249( 2) excl .
22, s . 1(5 ) .
S. 252 rep. in pt. ( prosp . ) 65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
Ss. 255-257 rep. (prosp. ) 65, s . 237(1), sch .
12 , sch. 29.
29 .
S. 258(1 )(d) subst. (prosp .)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 13( a ) .
S. 258( 1 )(e) rep. (prosp. ),
65, ss. 122, 237
( g) rep. in pt . (prosp.) .
(1), sch. 9 para.
13(b)(c),
29 . sch.
S. 258(1 )(ga)(gb) added
65, s. 122, sch. 9
( prosp. ).
para. 13( d ) .
S. 258(2) am . (prosp. )
...
65, s . 22 , sch . 9
para. 14.
S. 258(3 ) am. (prosp. )
...
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 15.
rep. in
pt. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1), sch. 9 para.
15, sch. 29.
S. 259(1 )(a) rep . (prosp. ) 65, ss. 122, 237
( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
16 ( a), sch. 29.
S. 259(1 ) proviso am.
65, s. 122, sch . 9
( prosp. ) .
para. 16( a) .
S. 259(2)(3) rep. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 122, 237
(1), sch. 9 para.
16( b), sch. 29.
S. 260( 1) (e) rep. in pt.
65, ss . 122, 237
( prosp .), ( 2 ) rep.
(1), sch. 9 para.
( prosp. ).
17, sch. 29.
S. 261(1 ) am. (prosp.)
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 18(a) .
S. 261(1) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1), sch. 9 para.
18( a), sch. 29.
S. 261 (3)(5) am. (prosp.)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 18(b)(c).
S. 262(1 ) proviso para.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
( b ) am. ( prosp . ).
para. 19.
S. 262(1) proviso para.
65, ss. 122, 237
( b ) rep. in pt. (prosp.) .
( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
19, sch. 29.
S. 263(1) am. (prosp. )
...
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 20.
rep. in
pt. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1) , sch. 9 para.
20 , sch. 29.
S. 264(4) rep . (prosp.)
...
65, ss . 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
21, sch. 29.
S. 265(5) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ). ( 1), sch. 9 para.
22, sch. 29.
CXX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 6:
c.43 -cont. LocalGovernment ( Scot- S. 266(1)( 3)( 4) rep. in pt. 65 , ss. 122, 237
land ) Act 1947-cont. ( prosp.). (1), sch. 9 para.
23, sch. 29.
S. 268(2) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1), sch. 9 para.
24 , sch. 29.
S. 269( 1 )-(3) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 25( a).
S. 269( 1 ) proviso para. (a)
rep. ( prosp. ).
65, ss . 122, 237
(1), sch. 9 para.
25( b), sch. 29.
S. 270 rep . (prosp.)...
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29 .
S. 271( 1) rep. in pt. 65,
55 , ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ),
( 2 )
rep.
(1), sch. 9 para.
( prosp. ).
26, sch. 29.
S. 272 am. ( prosp . )
...
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 27.
S. 273(1 )-(3) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 28.
S. 274 am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 29 .
S. 274 proviso rep. 65, ss . 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1) , sch. 9para.
29, sch. 29.
S. 275 ( 1 )(2) am. (prosp.)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 30(a)(b).
S. 275(3) rep . (prosp. )
...
65, ss. 122, 237
(1), sch. 9 para.
30(c), sch. 29.
S. 275(4) am. ( prosp . )
...
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 30(d).
S. 279 rep . in pt. (prosp.)
65, ss. 122, 237
(1), sch. 9 para.
31, sch. 29.
S. 292 am. ( prosp.)...
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 32.
S. 295 am. (prosp. )...
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 33.
Ss. 297-317, 319-376 rep.
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
29.
S. 355(2) -(9) appl. (1.1 .
1975 ).
43, s . 20(1 )(b) .
S. 377(7) rep .... ...
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 379(1 ) definitions of
65, s. 122, sch. 9
“ security“ statu-
para. 34.
tory borrowing power
"
am. ( prosp. ) .
Schs. 1-5 rep. ( prosp . )
...
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
Sch. 7 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 122, 237
(1 ), sch . 9 para.
35, sch . 29.
Sch. 7 Form (1), Note 1 65, s. 122, sch. 9
am. ( prosp. ) . para. 35( a) .
Effect ofLegislation cxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 6:
c. 43 -cont.
с .44 ...
Local Government ( Scot-
land ) Act 1947 -cont. Sch. 8 am. (prosp.)...
Schs . 9, 10 rep. (prosp. ) ...
Crown Proceedings Act S. 23( 3)(e ) rep . (1.2.1974 )
1947.
c.48
...
Agriculture Act 1947
...
c. 53
Town and Country Plan-
ning (Scotland ) Act
1947.
c.54 ...
Electricity Act 1947...
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 36.
65, s . 237(1) , sch.
29 .
16, s. 1 ( 4 )(5), sch.
2 Pt. III .
S. 53(6 ) rep.... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 85, 92(3) , 97( 2 ) rep. ,
39, S.L. (Re-
103( 1) rep. in pt. , ( 2)
peals ).
rep. , ( 3) rep. in pt .
S. 45 subst. ( prosp . )... 65, s . 133(1 ) , sch.
14 para. 43 .
S. 113(1) definitions of-
" large burgh " , " small
burgh " rep. ( prosp .).
"
local authority
"
"
planning a
authority
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 3 .
am. ( prosp. ).
Sch. 8 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 68( 3) am. (16.5.1975) ...
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s. 214 ( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
87.
11 & 12 Geo. 6:
c . 17 ...
Requisitioned Land and
War Works Act 1948 .
Ss. 1 , 2, 3(2), 4(1) rep. , (2 )
rep. in pt. , 5, 9, 10(1 )
( 2)( 5), 11 (1), 18( 6 ), 20
( 3) definition of " the
Transitional Powers
Act " , sch. para. 7 rep .
Rep.... ...
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 20... Supreme Court of Judica-
ture ( Amendment) Act
1948.
c. 22... Water Act 1948...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 1 rep. (1.4.1974)
...
37, s . 40(3) , sch.
9.
Ss. 2(1 )(b), (4), 4( 2)- (4 )
37, ss. 12( 10),
rep. (1.4.1974 ) .
40 ( 3), sch. 9.
S. 8(1 )(2)(4)(5) rep. in pt.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
( 1.4.1974 ).
9.
S. 9 subst. (1.4.1974)...
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 61 .
Ss. 12, 13 rep. (1.4.1974)
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
S. 14 (1) am. (1.4.1974 )...
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 62.
c. 24
65, s. 146(8) ....
Police Pensions Act 1948
S. 2(1)(b) excl . (S.) ( prosp . )
с. 26
...
Local Government Act
Ss. 17, 21 , 22, 24, 26-32,
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
1948
101 , Pt. VI (ss. 111-
29.
119 ) rep. ( prosp. ).
S. 124(2) am. (prosp . )...
Ss. 129-132 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 133(3) am. (prosp . )
S. 133( 3)(i) am. (16.5.
1975) .
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 37.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s . 170( 2 ).
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
88.
cxxii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12 Geo. 6:
c. 26 -cont.
c . 29 ...
Local Government Act Ss. 134, 135 rep. ( prosp. )
1948 -cont . S. 138( 2) rep. (S.) (prosp . )
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
65, ss . 209(1),
237(1 ) , sch. 25
para. 24, sch.
29.
S. 144(3)(4)( 8) rep. (in
65, s. 122, sch. 9
relation to Pt. V of the
para. 38.
Act ) (prosp . ).
S. 145(2) definitions of-
"
large burgh ", " small
burgh" rep. ( prosp. ).
"local authority "
subst. ( prosp. ) .
National Assistance Act S. 21 ( 7 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
1948.
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
39( a), sch . 29.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 39( b) .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 44, sch .
5 .
S. 21 (7)(c) subst. ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 44.
S. 24(6 ) am. (prosp.)...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 45.
S. 29( 4 )(c ) am.... ...
50, s . 14(1), sch. 3
para. 3.
S. 29(6)(b) am. ( prosp. )...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 46.
S. 33(1) am. (16.5.1975 ) ...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
89.
S. 41 (2)(a) am. (S. ) (16.5. 65, s. 214(2 ), sch.
1975 ).
27 Pt. II para.
90 .
S. 47( 8) am. (E.) ( prosp.)
S. 47(10) rep. (E.) (prosp. )
S. 47(12) am. (16.5.1975)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 47.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
91.
S. 48(4) am. (S.) (16.5. 65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
1975 ). 27 Pt. II para .
92 .
S. 50(2) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214 (2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
93.
S. 50(4) am. (prosp.)...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para. 7.
S. 64(1) definitions of-
" large burgh " rep.
( prosp. ).
"trade dispute " subst.
( prosp.).
S. 65(a)( b) rep. ( prosp. )....
S. 65(e) am. (16.5.1975) ...
S. 67( 1) rep. , ( 2 ) rep. in pt. 65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para. 8 .
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
94 .
36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Effect ofLegislation cxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12 Geo. 6:
c. 29 -cont.
National Assistance Act Sch. 6 para. 6( 3) rep. (E.) 32, s. 57, sch. 5 .
1948 -cont.
( prosp . ).
c. 38...
Companies Act 1948
Ext.
...
38, s . 75(3)(a) .
58 , s. 20 ( 6 ) .
S. 12 am.
51, s. 47( 3).
S. 58(4) am.
51 , s . 47(8) , sch.
19 para. 14 .
S. 75 appl.
...
58, s. 27( 3) .
S. 94 am. (prosp. )
38, s. 93, sch . 24
para. 3(1).
S. 119 saved (Bangladesh)
49, s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 10(1) .
Ss. 119-122 saved ( Pakis-
48, s . 4(1), sch. 3
tan ).
para. 3 .
S. 127( 4 ) rep.
58, s. 54( 3) , sch.
2 .
Ss. 165, 166 ext....
41, s . 92( 2)(a)( 3)
( b ).
S. 167 ext .
41 , s . 92(3) .
S. 172 ext .
41 , s . 92(2)(b)(3)
( b ).
S. 245(1) excl .... 58, s . 31( 7).
S. 246(1 )(2) am. 58, s. 30( 6 ).
S. 263(2)(3) ext .
58, s . 31 ( 4) .
S. 319( 1)(e) subst. , 38, s. 100(2)( a) ,
( prosp. ),
( 8)(c)
am . sch. 27 para. 9.
( prosp. ).
S. 333(1 ) am.
...
... 58, s. 30( 7).
S. 365 am.... ...
58, ss. 29( 4), 30
( 5 ).
S. 434 am. (retrosp .)
58, s. 49.
Sch . 8 para . 15( 5A ) added
S.I. No. 1150.
c . 39 ... Industrial Assurance and
S. 7 am. ( prosp. )... 38, s . 100(2)(a),
Friendly Societies Act
sch. 27 para
1948.
10.
Ss. 17( 3) rер . , 24(2 ) rep. 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
in pt.
Pt. I.
c. 40 Education ( Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act 1948. S. 2 rep....
... 16, s . 1 (1)( b)( 4),
sch. 2 Pt. II.
Ss. 11 (1 ), 14(2)( 3) rep. in 16, s . 1 ( 4), sch. 2
pt.
Pt. II.
Sch . 1 Pt. II rep ....
16, s . 1 (1)(b)( 4 ),
с. 41 Law Reform (Personal
sch . 2 Pt. II.
Injuries) Act 1948.
S. 2(6 ) subst. (prosp.)...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
11 .
S. 5(1) rep. , (2) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
c . 43 ... Children Act 1948...
Pt. I.
Pt. II (ss . 11-22 ) appl .
...
18, s. 43.
ext. ( mod.)
29, s. 4( 4 ).
( prosp ).
S. 18( 2) am. (prosp . )
...
Pt. III (ss . 23-26 ) ext.
( mod . ) (prosp. ).
Sch. 3 rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
12 .
29, s. 4( 4).
32, s. 57, sch. 5 .
cxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 197
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12 Geo. 6:
-cont.
c. 45 Agriculture (Scotland ) Ss. 8, 25, 58, 62, 74 rep. ,
39, S.L. (Re-
Act 1948. 75( 1) rep. in pt. , ( 2 )
peals ).
rep. , ( 3) rep. in pt.
S. 79, sch. 7 rep. ( prosp.)
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
c.46... ... Employment and Train- Rep. ( prosp . )
... ... 50, s . 14( 2), sch.
ing Act 1948.
4 .
Ss. 10(2)(b)(c) , 19( 4 ) rep. 65, s . 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ).
29 .
S. 20 (1) rep.
.. ... 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c .49... ... Finance Act 1948... S. 73 rep.... 51 , s. 59(7 ), sch.
22Pt. V.
c. 52.. Veterinary Surgeons Act
1948. S. 30 rep.... ... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 56... ... British Nationality Act
1948. S. 1( 3) am ... { 27 , s. 2(1) .
48, s. 1( 1).
am. (retrosp . )...
S. 6( 2 ) excl .
49, s. 2( 1).
27, s . 2( 6 ).
S. 13(1) am.... 48, s . 1( 2), sch. 1 .
Pt. III (ss. 23-24) am....
27, s. 6( 2 ).
Sch. 3 para. 3 proviso
48, s. 1( 2 ), sch. 1.
added
c. 58... Criminal JusticeAct 1948 Ss. 3-12 , 14 , 17 (1)(2)(6 )
62, s. 56( 2), sch.
rep. ( prosp. )
6 .
S. 19(1 ) am. ( prosp. )...
62 , s. 56 (1), sch .
5. para. 2.
62, s. 56 ( 2), sch .
6.
c. 62 ...
...
c. 63
Statute Law Revision Act
1948
Agricultural Holdings
Act 1948
Ss. 29, 43, 45-47 rep.
( prosp. ), 77(1) rep. in
pt. , ( prosp.), (2) - (5) rep.
( prosp.), (7), 80( 1) de-
finitions of " approved
probation hostel",
" approved probation
home ". " offence the
sentence for which is
fine by law ", " order
for conditional dis-
"
charge " period of
,
conditional discharge",
"
probationer ", " pro-
“
bation order ", pro-
bationperiod " ,
66 sum
adjudged to be paid by
aconviction ". " super-
vising court ", ( 5 ) rep.
( prosp.), 81 rep. in pt. ,
( prosp. ) schs. 1,5, 8
paras. 3-9 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 6( 2) rep.
Ss . 24(2)(b), 25(1)(e ) mod. S. 32 excl . Ss. 35-56 excl . S. 58 proviso mod. 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
26, s . 48(2)(3).
26, s. 59 (6 ).
26, s . 59( 2)( b) .
26, s . 56 ( 4) .
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation CXXV
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12 Geo. 6 :
-cont.
c .64
c. 65
... National Service Act 1948 S. 57( 2) rep .
Representation of the
People Act 1948
Monopolies and Restric-
tive Practices ( Inquiry
and Control) Act 1948
... 36, s. 41 (1 ), sch .
6. Pt. II.
Sch. 1 para. 3 am. (prosp.) 32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 48.
S. 55(3)( 4) am.
Pt. V (ss . 62-65) rep .
( prosp. )
S. 79( 2) rep . in pt. , ( 3) rep.
S.I. No. 2163.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29 .
36, s. 41(1), sch.
6Pt. I.
Sch . 1 Pt. I am.
Pt. III am.
Sch. 7 rep. ( prosp . )
...
S.I. Nos . 604-608
S.I. Nos . 764-770
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
Rep .
41, s. 139, sch.
13 .
c . 66
12, 13 & 14 Geo.
6:
c. 5
c. 8
c. 16.. ...
c. 27
c. 31..
Civil Defence Act 1948
S. 2(2 )(b) rep . (prosp.)
...
S. 9(1) definition of "local
authority " am. (16.5.
1975 )
S. 10(1) rep . in pt . , ( 2) rep .
Recall of Army and Air
Force Pensioners Act
1948
National Theatre Act S. 1 am.
1949
Juries Act 1949
...
Sch. para. 2 am. ( prosp . )
...
S. 1 ( 1)(b) am. (prosp.)...
S. 25(1 )(a) am.
S. 34 rep .
Water (Scotland ) Act S. 1 am. ( prosp. )
1949 S. 2 am. ( prosp.)
S. 2(2)(b) rep . ( prosp. ) ...
S. 4(1 ) proviso am.
( prosp. )
S.4 ( 3) rep. in pt. , ( prosp.)
S. 8( 1 ) am. (prosp.)
S. 8( 2 ) rep . ( prosp.)
S. 14 rep. ( prosp. )
...
...
...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
95.
36, s. 41(1) , sch .
6Pt. I.
32, ss. 57, 58( 5),
sch. 4 para. 49.
2, s. 1 (1).
38, s . 100 (2)(a),
sch, 27 para .
13.
S.I. No. 643.
36, s . 41(1 ), sch.
6 Pt. I.
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 19.
65, s. 148(8), sch .
17para. 20.
65, ss . 148( 8),
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 20, sch.
29.
65, s. 148( 8), sch .
17 para. 21 .
65, s. 237(1). sch.
29 .
65, s. 148( 8) , sch.
17 paга. 22.
65, s. 237 (1), sch.
29 .
65 , SS. 148( 8),
237(1), sch. 17
para. 23, sch.
29.
cxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
12 , 13 &114 Geo.
6 :
c. 31 -cont. Water (Scotland ) Act S. 16(5) rep. (prosp. )
...
65, s. 237(1), sch .
1949 -cont.
29 .
S. 19(2) saved ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 225( 8).
S. 19(2) proviso am.
65, s. 148(8), sch.
( prosp. )
17 para. 24
S. 20(1) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 148( 8), sch .
17 para. 25.
S. 23( 1 ) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 148( 8) , sch .
17 para. 26.
S. 28(4)(6 ) am. (prosp. )
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 27.
с. 32
...
Special Roads Act 1949 S. 3(1)(e), (4)(c) am.
65, s. 133(1), sch.
( prosp. ) .
14 paгa. 44 .
S. 21(1) definition of-
" large burgh " rep.
65, ss. 133(1), 237
( prosp. ).
( 1), sch. 14
para.
45( a),
sch. 29.
"local authority "
65, s. 133(1), sch.
subst. ( S. ) ( prosp.) .
14 para. 45( b) .
Sch. 1paras. 2 ( a), 5 , 8( b )
65, s. 133(1), sch.
am. (prosp. ).
14para.46.
c. 36
War Damage (Public S. 23 rep.
39, S.L.
( Re-
Utility Undertakings,
peals) .
&c) Act 1949.
c. 37 Agriculture ( Miscellan-
Ss. 1-5 rep.
39, S.L. (Re-
eous Provisions) Act
peals) .
1949.
S. 8( 5) rep. (prosp)....
50, s. 14( 2), sch.
4 .
Ss. 9, 14, 15(1) rep. , (3), 39, S.L. (Re-
16(1) rep. in pt.
peals ).
с . 41 ... Ireland Act 1949... S. 1(2 ) rep .
...
36, s. 41( 1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 43 Merchant
... Shipping S. 2(1) am.
...
27, s . 4( 3), sch. 2
( SafetyConvention)Act
para. 5.
1949. S. 2(1) am. (retrosp . )...
49, s . 1( 3), sch.
para. 6.
c. 47
Finance Act 1949 ... S. 8 rep....
51 , s. 59( 7), sch.
22 Pt. I.
S. 15(1 )(a) rep. ( prosp. ),
65, s. 237( 1), sch.
( 3) rep. in pt . (prosp. ).
29.
S. 15( 9)( a) subst. (16.5.
65, s. 214 ( 2), sch.
1975 ).
27 Pt. II para.
96.
S. 49( 2 ) rep .... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
c. 51
S.I. No. 2035 .
Legal Aid and Advice Apptd. day for Pt. I (ss.
Act 1949. 1-17 ) for the purpose
of making legal aid
available in connection
with proceedings in
Restrictive Practices
Court under Pt. III of
the Fair Trading Act
1973 (1.1.1974).
Effect of Legislation cxxvii
Session and
Chap . orNo.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
12, 13 & 14 Geo.
6:
c. 51 -cont. Legal Aid and Advice
Act 1949-cont. S. 17( 3) rep. in pt.
S. 26 rep.... ...
Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 3( b)
am. ( prosp. ).
Pt. I para. 5 added
c. 53
c.54
... ... Coal Industry Act 1949 S. 1 (1) rep.
... ...
... ... Wireless Telegraphy Act S. 1 appl.
... ...
1949 .
c. 55... ... Prevention of Damage by S. 29(2) rep.... ...
Pests Act 1949.
c. 60...
Housing Act 1949... S. 43(7) rep. in pt....
c. 66 ... ... House of Commons ( Re-
Ss. 2( 4)( 5) , 3 ext.
distribution of Seats )
...
S. 7 rep. ......
Act 1949.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
29, s. 9(2 ) .
41, s. 43 .
8, s 13(2) , sch. 2.
19, s. 3( 7 ).
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 28( 4) .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 2 para. 4( 1)( b) subst.
65, s . 11( 3), sch. 3
( prosp. ). para. 4(1)(c) am.
para. 1.
S.I. No. 2095.
para. 4( 2) defini-
65, s . 11 ( 3), sch. 3
tions of " area " and
para. 1.
" local authority "
added ( prosp. ).
para. 4( 2 ) defini- S.I. No. 2095 .
tion of " county dis-
trict" am.
c. 67... ... Civil Aviation Act 1949 Ext.
... 64 , s. 5( 1), sch. 2
para. 5 ( 1 )(b) .
S.I. No. 2175 .
Ss. 15(1) rep. in pt. (1.4.
1974), (1)(4), 16(3) am.
( 1.4.1974 )
S. 19( 9) am. (S.) (16.5 .
1975 ).
S. 31 ( 3) rep .
S. 35(3) rep .... ...
... ...
65, ss. 152, 214
( 2 ), sch. 27 Pt.
II para. 97.
26, s . 86, sch. 3 .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2175.
c. 68... ...
Representation of the
People Act 1949.
Ss. 56 am. ( 1.4.1974 ),
63( 1) definition of
" Airways Corpor-
ations " rep. (1.4.1974 )
S. 63(1) definition of
" local authority " am.
( 16.5.1975) .
S. 68, sch. 1 para. 10, sch.
2para. 2, sch. 3 para. 4
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. I para.
98.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
rep. , sch. 11 para 3
rep. in pt.
Am. ( S. ) ( prosp .)
65 , s. 7( 1 ).
Pt . I ( ss. 1-54 ) ext. ( S.) 65, s. 4(1).
S. 6(3) subst . ( prosp. )...
excl . ( prosp.)...
65, s. 11( 3), sch. 3
para. 2.
65, s. 64 ( 4) (5).
cxxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
12, 13 & 14 Geo.
6:
c. 68 -cont. Representation of the
People Act 1949 -cont. Ss. 6(4 ) rep. , 9(1)(c ) rep.
in pt. , ( 2) rep.
S. 11( 2)(b) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 11 ( 2)(bb) added
( 4 ) definition of
S.I. No. 2095.
65, ss. 11( 3), 237
( 1), sch. 3 para.
3( 1), sch. 29.
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
para. 3.
" interested authority "
am. ( prosp.) .
S. 11 (6 ) am.
S.I. No. 2163 .
Ss. 12 ( 7 ), 15(3) rep. (N.I.), S.I. No. 2095.
19, 21 rep.
S. 22 (1A ) added
65, s. 11( 3), sch. 3
para. 4 .
Ss. 30-32 rep. ( prosp.), 36
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
rep. (S. ) ( prosp.), 37( 3)
29.
rep. ( prosp.).
S.40 (2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 11( 3), 237
( 1), sch. 3 para.
5 , sch. 29.
S 41 (2) rep. in pt . (prosp. ) 65, ss. 11(3), 237
( 1 ), sch. 3 para.
6 ( 1 ), sch. 29.
S. 41(2) am. ( prosp.)...
S. 41(4)(b) rep. , ( 5) rep. in
pt.
S. 41 (5A) added (prosp.)
S. 41( 6 ) rep.
S. 43( 1 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, s. 11( 3), sch. 3
para. 6.
S.I. No. 2095.
65, s. 11( 3), sch. 3
para. 6.
S.I. No. 2095.
65,
SS. 11( 3),
237( 1) , sch. 3
para. 7, sch.
29 .
S. 43( 4) rep .
S. 43( 8) rep. ( prosp.)
S.I. No. 2095
...
...
65, ss. 11 ( 3),
237(1), sch. 3
para. 7, sch.
29.
S. 45( 11 ) (a) am.
S.I. No. 2163 .
S. 52(2)(a) rep. in pt. 65, SS. 11( 3),
( prosp . )
237(1), sch . 3
para. 8, sch.
29.
S. 52(2)(b) am. (prosp. )
65, s. 11( 3), sch. 3
para. 8.
S. 55(6 )(b) excl . (S.)...
65, s. 11(1), sch. 2
para. 2(5).
S. 55(6)(b) rep. in pt. , 65, ss. 11( 3),
( c ) rep.
237( 1), sch. 3
para. 9, sch.
29.
S. 83(1)(b) am. ( prosp.)
S. 83( 4) rep. in pt . (prosp.)
65, s . 11( 3), sch. 3
para. 10.
65, SS. 11( 3) ,
237(1), sch. 3
para. 10, sch.
29.
Effect ofLegislation cxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
12, 13 & 14 Geo.
6 :
c. 68 -cont .
c. 74
Representation of the S. 86( 4) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65,
ss. 11( 3),
People Act 1949-cont.
237( 1), sch. 3
para. 11, sch.
29.
am. (prosp.)
...
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
para. 11 .
S. 113( 3)( b) subst.
65, s. 11( 3), sch.
para. 12.
S. 117(1)(2) am.
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
( 3) subst.
( 4 )
para. 13
am.
S. 136( 3) am. ( 4 ) proviso
S.I. No. 2095.
rep. in pt.
S. 139( 3) am.
...
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
para. 14.
S. 143(1)(a) am.
S.I. No. 2163.
S. 166 am. (prosp.)
...
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
S. 167(5) am.
para. 15....
...
xx, s . 9.
S. 173( 2) rep. in pt.
65, ss. 11( 3),
( prosp .), ( 3)( 8) defi-
237(1), sch. 3
nitions of " assessor " ,
para. 16, sch.
"burgh", " large
29.
burgh ", "small burgh"
rep. ( prosp. )
S. 173( 8) definitions of
65, s. 11( 3), sch. 3
"electoral area" , "local
para. 16(c)
elections rules", " local
government Act".
,
" local government
Area " am. ( prosp . )
S. 174( 2) rep. in pt., ( 3)rep.
36, s. 41( 1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 174( 1)(d) rep. in pt. ...
S.I. No. 2163 .
Sch. 2 (parliamentary
65, s . 7( 2)
elections rules) Power
to appl. (mod.) (S.) .
...
Sch. 2 rule 11 ( 2 ) am.
( prosp. ), ( 3) added
( prosp. )
rule 32( 3)(c) am.
...
Sch. 3 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, s . 11 ( 3), sch, 3
para. 17.
S.I. No. 2095.
65, s. 237( 1 ), sch.
29.
Sch. 4 para. 1 rep.
S.I. No. 2095
Sch. 7 para. 6( b) am.
65, s. 11 (3), sch. 3
( prosp. )
para. 18.
Sch. 8 para. 5( 1) Table
65, s. 237(1), sch.
rep. in pt. ( prosp.). (4) -
29.
( 6 ) rep. ( prosp. )
Coast Protection Act S. 1(1) subst. (S.) (prosp. )
1949
Ss. 1 ( 3) , 3 rep. (prosp. ) ...
S. 10(2) am. (S.) (16.5.64)
Ss. 16 , 18 excl.
S. 20(5) am. ( prosp . )...
65, s . 138(2)( a).
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
65. s. 121.
64, s . 5 (2), sch. 3
para. 2(1 )( 2).
65, s . 138(2)(b).
Part III Y
CXXX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
12, 13 & 14 Geo.
6:
c . 74 -cont. Coast Protection Act Ss . 20(7 ), 21(1 )(c), (3)(b)
1949 -cont. rep. (prosp.)
S. 22(2)(3) am. (prosp.) ...
S. 29(3)-(7) rep. (prosp . )
S.30( 4) added (prosp . )
S. 34 excl . (temp. )
65, s. 237(1 ) , sch.
29.
65, s . 138(2)(c),
65, s, 237( 1), sch .
29 .
65, s. 138(2)(d) .
...
...
64, s . 5( 2) , sch. 3
para. 2(1 )(2) .
S. 42 rep. (prosp. )
...
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
Ss. 45(1)(b) , 46( 4) am.
( prosp. )
S. 47 ext.
65, s . 138(2) (e)
(f).
... 64, s. 5(1), sch . 2
para. 4 .
S. 49( 4) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29 .
Sch. 1 para. 8( b) subst.
65, s . 138( 2)( g) .
( prosp. )
c. 75...
Agricultural ( Scotland ) Act 1949
Holdings Ss . 25( 2 )(c)
25( 2) (c), 26(1 ) (e) mod. 56, s. 44(2)(3) .
S. 33 excl .
56, s . 55(6) .
Ss . 36-56 excl ....
56, s . 55(2)(b) .
S. 59( 1) mod.
56, s . 52( 4) .
S. 75 appl. (mod.)
65, s . 228( 5) .
Sch. 8 rep . in pt.
39, S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
c. 84
c. 87
War Damaged Sites Act S. 8( 1 ) rep .
1949.
Patents Act 1949 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 40 ext.
٠٢٠ ..
41, s. 4( 4), sch. 3
para. 16( 2 ).
S. 40(3) (4) replaced...
41 , s. 126 .
S. 43( 6 ) am.
41, s. 139, sch . 12.
Ss. 46-49 saved, 46( 3) 4, s. 5( 2).
mod.
c. 88 Registered Designs Act
1949. S. 12, sch . 1 saved... 4, s. 5( 2).
Sch. 1 para. 1(3) mod.
4, s. 5( 2) .
c. 93 National Health Service S. 3(1) rep. (E.) ( prosp. ) ...
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
( Amendment ) Act S. 8 am. (E.) (prosp.)...
32, s. 57, sch . 4
1949.
para. 50.
S. 12 rep . (Ε.) (prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
S. 13(1 ) am. (E. ) (prosp. ) 32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 51.
S. 18( 1)( 4) am. ( E.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. )
para. 52.
S. 20(2) rep. (Ε.) (prosp.)
S. 23(1 ) am . (E.) ( prosp.)
32, s . 57, sch . 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 53.
S. 24 rep . (E. ) (prosp.)
S. 25(2) am. (E.) ( prosp. )
32, s . 57, sch . 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
S. 28 am. (E.) (prosp. )...
para. 54.
32, s . 57, sch . 4
para. 55.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
с . 94
S. 29( 3) rep . (E.) (prosp.),
sch . Pt. I rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
Criminal Justice ( Scot- Ext. (except ss. 5(2)(b),
land ) Act 1949. 6 ) ( prosp. ).
62, s. 10( 4) .
S. 2 ext . ( prosp.)... 62, s. 10 (8) .
Effect ofLegislation cxxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
12 , 13 & 14 Geo.
6 :
c. 94 -cont.
c. 97
c. 100...
c. 101..
Part III
Criminal Justice ( Scot-
land ) Act 1949-cont. S. 3(2) ext . (prosp.)
62, s. 10(3)(a).
S.3( 4 )( 6) ext. ( prosp . )
62 , s. 10 ( 3)( b).
S. 7 appl. (mod.) (prosp.)
62, s. 10(8) .
S. 7(1)(4)- (8) am. ( prosp.) | 62, s . 56( 1 ) , sch . 5
para. 3.
9, s. 19( 2).
S. 40 appl. (mod.)
S. 78(1 ) definitions of-
“ large burgh " , " small
burgh
"
rep. ( prosp. ) .
65, ss . 214(2), 237
(1), sch . 27 Pt.
II para. 99,
sch . 29 .
“
appropriate court "
62 , s. 10( 6 ).
appl . (prosp.).
Sch. 11 rep. in pt. (prosp.)
62, s . 56(2), sch .
6.
National
Parks and Ext .
Access to the Country-
side Act 1949 Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous
Provisions) S. 2(1)-(3) rep.... ...
Act 1949
Ss. 10 rep. , 11 ( 2) rep. in
pt.
Justices of the Peace Act 1949 Ss. 1(1) - (3) rep. in pt. ( E.)
( prosp. ), 4 rep. (E.)
( prosp .)
S. 4 superseded ( E.)
( prosp. )
64, s . 5(1), sch. 2
para . 5( 1 )(c) .
Pt. III (ss . 15-26 ) am.
...
54, s . 1 ( 1 )(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 1 .
S. 21 (1) am. (16.5.1975)
65, s . 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
100.
S. 21( 7 ) rep. (prosp. )
...
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch.
29.
S. 23 am. (S. ) ( 16.5.1975)
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
101.
S. 25 rep. 54, s . 5(2), sch. 4.
S. 99( 2) am. ( S.) (16.5. 65, s. 214( 2), sch.
1975 )
27 Pt. II para .
102.
S. 103(1) subst. , ( 2) am.
54, s . 1 (1)(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 2.
S. 103( 7) am. (16.5.1975)
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II parа .
103.
S. 104(10) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II parа.
104 .
S. 104(11) rep. ( S.) 65, s . 237(1), sch.
( prosp. )
29.
S. 106(1) am.... ...
54, s . 1 (1)(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 2.
S. 106(4)(a) am. (16.5. 65, s . 214 (2), sch.
1975 )
27 Pt. II para.
105.
45, s. 17(2) , sch.
6.
36, s. 41( 1), sch .
6 Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II .
15, ss. 1( 5), 5 ,
20 ( 4 ) , sch. 1
Pt. II.
Y 2
cxxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
12, 13 & 14 Geo.
6:
c. 101-cont. Justices of the Peace Act S. 6 rep. ( E ) .
1949 -cont.
... ......
15, ss. 19(1),
20( 6 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 8 rep . (E.) (prosp.)...
15, ss . 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
S. 8 superseded ( E.) 15, s. 5, sch. 1
( prosp. ) Pt. III .
S. 8( 1) am. ( prosp. )... 38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
14.
S. 8(5) am. (temp. )
S. 10 rep. ( prosp.)
S.I. No. 477.
...
...
15, ss. 19(1 ), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
S. 15 am. ( prosp. )
...
29, ss . 2(1), 3( 4),
sch. 2 Pt. I.
para. 4.
S. 15(5) rep. in pt.
...
15, ss. 19(1),
20( 6 ) , sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 17 ext .
S. 27 expld. (prosp.)
S. 27(2)(b) am....
15, s. 3.
...
62, s . 32(6 ) .
20
15, ss . 5, 20, sch.
1 para. 12.
Ss. 29, 32-34 rep. ( prosp.)
Ss. 36, 37 rep. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 37(1) rep. in pt....
S. 43(2) rep . (E.) ( prosp.),
( 3 ) ( b ) rep. ( prosp. )
S. 44( 1) definitions of-
"justices clerk " rep.
inpt.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
62, s. 56( 2), sch.
6.
15, ss. 19(1),
20(6), sch. 5 Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
"magistrate" rep in pt.
( prosp. ), " metropoli-
tan stipendiary magis-
trate " . " metropolitan
stipendiary court ",
" metropolitan stipen-
diary court area
,
"
stipendiary magis-
trate " rep. ( prosp.)
Sch. 2 rep. (saving)...
15, ss. 19(1),
20( 6 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
15, ss . 19(1), 20 ,
sch . 5 Pt . II.
15, ss . 19(1),
20 ( 6 ), sch . 5
Pt. I.
14 Geo. 6:
c . 6
...
c. 20
c. 23...
... Statute Law Revision Act S. 5( 4) rep....
1950
Colonial and Other Ter-
S. 5. rep....
ritories (Divorce Juris-
diction ) Act 1950
... Coal - Mining ( Subsid- Rep....
ence ) Act 1950
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals )
Effect ofLegislation cxxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
14Geo. 6:
-cont.
c .24
... ...
Highways (Provision of
Cattle Grids) Act 1950.
c . 28
Shops Act 1950
...
c. 31
с. 32
c. 33
c. 36
... ...
Allotments Act 1950
...
Army Reserve Act 1950
Air Force Reserve Act
1950
Diseases of Animals Act
.1950
c. 37
Maintenance Orders Act .1950
S. 1 (8)(b)(i )-(iii ) replaced
( prosp. ).
S. 14 rep. ( prosp. )
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14 para. 47.
65, ss . 209(1 ), 237
( 1), sch. 25
para. 25, sch.
.29
S.16( 4) rep . ( prosp . )...
65 , ss. 133(1),
237(1), sch. 14
para. 48, sch.
.29
S. 17(1 ) definition of
65, s. 133(1), sch .
" highway authority
ود
14 para. 49.
am. ( prosp. ) .
S. 18 rep. (prosp.)
...
65, ss . 209(1 ),
237(1 ) , sch. 25
para. 25, sch .
.29
Sch. para. 3( 8)
am.
65, s . 133( 1), sch.
( prosp.).
14 para. 50.
S. 22(1 ) proviso para. (v )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
am. ( prosp. ).
S. 73( 4) am. (prosp. ) .
para. 56.... 65, s . 157.
Sch. 5 para. 1( g) am.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ).
para. 57.
Ss . 1 (2), 2(2), 3(5), 12(2),
15( 3), sch. rep .
39, S.L. peals) .
( Re-
S. 10(3) rep .... ...
S.I. No. 2163.
S. 10(3) rep.... ...
S.I. No. 2163 .
S. 43 rep. in pt. (S.)
65, ss. 144(2)(a),
( prosp. ).
237(1), sch. 29.
S. 59( 3)(a)(b) replaced
65, s. 144 (1).
( prosp. ).
Ss. 60 rep. ( prosp.), 61( 7 ) ,
65, ss . 144( 2)(b),
64 ( 2) rep. (S.) ( prosp. ),
237(1), sch. 29.
68 rep. ( prosp.).
Ss. 87 rep. in pt. , 88 rep. ,
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
91( 2) rep. in pt.
Pt. I.
Sch. 4 rep. ( prosp.)
...
65, ss . 144( 2)(b),
237(1), sch. 29.
S. 6( 2) rep. in pt.
...
45, s . 17(2), sch .
. 6
S. 7 Reprinted as am.
( prosp. ).
29, s. 11( 6), sch. 4
Pt. II.
am. ( prosp. )
...
29, s. 11(6 ), sch. 4
S. 16( 2)(a)(i) subst.
Pt. I para. 2.
...
18, s. 54( 1 ), sch. 2
para. 3.
S. 16(2)(a)(iii) am. ( prosp.)
29, s. 9(3)( b) .
S. 16(2)(b)(vii ) added
29, s. 14, sch. 5
( prosp.).
para. 4.
S. 16(2)(c)( v) subst.
...
18, s. 54(1), sch. 2
para. 3.
S. 31(1) rep. ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Part III Y3
cxxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
14Geo. 6:
-cont.
c. 38... ...
c. 39... ...
14 & 15 Geo. 6 :
с . 11... ...
c. 15... ...
с. 25 ... ...
с. 27 ... ......
с. 31 ... ...
c. 35... ...
c . 39... ...
Allotments
Act 1950.
( Scotland ) S. 9( a) am. (16.5.1975)... 65, s. 214(2 ), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
106.
S. 13(1)(b) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II parа.
107.
Public Utilities Street S. 36(2)(3 ) am. (prosp. ) ... 65, s. 133(1), sch .
Works Act 1950.
14para. 51.
Administration of Justice
( Pensions ) Act 1950
Ext. (prosp . )
S. 1 rep. in pt. ( E.) (prosp . )
Ss. 4(3), 7 am. (prosp.)
S. 7( 4) am. ( prosp . )
Ss. 10, 11 Power to am.
( prosp .)
S. 11(1) expld. ( prosp. )
S. 14 rep. (E.) (prosp.)
...
Sch . 1 am. ( prosp. )
15, s . 2 ( 4 ).
15, ss . 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
15, s. 10 (1) .
15, s. 10 ( 2 )
15, s. 10 ( 6 ) .
15, s. 11 , sch. 4
para. 2( 4).
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt . II .
15, ss. 5, 20, sch .
1 para. 11(1).
Sch. 2 rep. in pt. ( prosp.),
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 3 paras. 5, 6 rep.
sch . 5 Pt. II .
( prosp. )
Local Government (Scot-
Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
land ) Act 1951
...
Supplies and Services
S. 2(11)(d) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
( Defence Purposes)Act
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch.
29.
Pt. II.
1951
Fire Services Act 1951
S. 2( 4) subst . ( prosp.)...
38, s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch , 27 para.
15.
National Health Service S. 1 (1) am. (E.) (prosp. ),
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
Act 1951 ( 2 ) am. (prosp. ), (3)(a),
sch . 4 para. 58.
( 4 ) am. (E.) (prosp.)
S. 3 rep. in pt . (prosp. )
Sch. definitions of" child-
"
ren's glasses am. ,
"current specified cost"
am. (E. ) (prosp.)
PetAminals Act 1951...
S. 1 (2) rep . in pt. ( S.)
( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch . 4 para. 59.
S. 5 ext . (1.4.1974 )
S. 7( 3) definition of "local
authority" am. (prosp. )
Common Informers Act S. 2 rep .
...
1951
Sch. rep. in pt...
rep. in pt. ( saving)
( prosp. )
rep. in pt. (1.1.1975)
65, ss . 209(1),
237(1), sch . 25
para. 26, sch.
29.
60, s . 3( 3).
65, s. 188, sch. 24
para. 39.
36, s. 41(1 ), sch . 6
Pt. I.
15 , SS. 19 (1 ),
20 (6 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II .
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
14& 15 Geo. 6:
-cont.
с. 41
...
с. 43
c. 53
...
...
с. 55
c. 63
c . 64
с. 65
c. 66 ...
Part III
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation CXXXV
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Coal Industry Act 1951
Finance Act 1951
Midwives Act 1951
Nurses (Scotland ) Act
1951
Rag Flock and Other
Filling Materials Act
1951
Rivers (Prevention of
Pollution) Act 1951
Reserve and Auxiliary
Forces (Protection of
Civil Interests) Act
1951.
Rivers (Prevention of Pol-
lution ) (Scotland ) Act
1951 .
Rep.
...
S. 4 rep. (retrosp. )
superseded (retrosp. )
S. 11(1) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ), (2 ) rep . ( prosp. )
Ss. 11 (5) rep. (prosp.), 21
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 23(2) am. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 26, 27, rep. ( prosp.) ...
S. 29(2) am. ( prosp. )
S. 31 am. ( prosp. )
..
S. 33 rep . ( prosp. )
S. 32 saved (prosp.)
S. 36( 3) am. (16.5.1975 )
Appl. (mod.) (1.4.1974) .
S. 1 (1) (b) rep . (1.4.1974 )
S. 2(1) am. (1.4.1974 )
S. 5. am....
...
S. 7(9), ( 16 ) proviso rep.
( 1.4.1974 )
Ss. 9, 11(1 ) definitions of
"excluded area", "local
authority " , sch, 2
paras. 5, 6, 8, 10 rep.
( 1.4.1974 )
S. 2(1)(d) am. (prosp . )
S. 8 (1)(d) am. (prosp. )
...
S. 16(2)(a) rep. in pt.
am.
S. 65(5) rep .
...
Am (prosp. )
Ss. 2-5 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 6(1 ) am. (prosp.)
...
...
Ss. 6(2), 8 rep . ( prosp. )
...
S. 10 (1 ) subst. ( prosp.)...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
51 , s . 59(7) , sch
22 Pt. I.
51, s . 1 (2)(10),
sch. 6.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 60, sch .
5 .
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
32, s. 57, sch . 4
para. 61.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 62, sch. 5 .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 63.
32, s . 57, sch . 4
para. 64.
32, s . 57, sch . 5.
35, s . 13 (7)(b) .
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II . para.
108.
37, s. 17.
37, s. 40(3) , sch . 9.
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 63.
37, s. 36(3), sch . 7
para. 17( 2 )
37 , SS. 17 ( 4 ),
40 ( 3), sch. 9.
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
29, s. 9( 3 )(a) .
29, s. 14, sch . 5
para. 5.
9, ss. 14( 4), 23(3) ,
sch. 5 para. 10,
sch . 6.
9, s. 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 10.
36, s. 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt . I.
65, s . 135( 8) .
65, ss. 135(1 ), 237
( 1), sch. 29.
65, s. 135(10).
sch. 16 para. 1 ,
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 135(10),
sch. 16 para. 2.
Y4
cxxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
14 & 15 Geo. 6:
c. 66 -cont . Rivers (Prevention of Pol-
lution ) (Scotland) Act
1951 -cont.
Ss. 10(2) -( 4), 11 rep. 65, s. 237(1) , sch.
( prosp.).
S. 12(1) am. ( prosp . )
S. 13 subst . ( prosp .)
...
S. 15 rep. ( prosp.)
..
S. 17(2) am. (prosp .)
S. 18(3) am. (prosp. )
...
Ss. 18( 4 ) proviso, 26(5)
rep. (prosp. ).
S. 26( 9) subst . (prosp.)
...
S. 28(9) rep. ( prosp.)
...
S. 29( 4) rep. in pt. (prosp.)
S. 30( 1) rep. in pt. (prosp. )
S. 30(2) am. (prosp.)...
S. 35(1) definitions of: -
"local authority ",
"river purification
board " , " river purifi-
cation board area "
am . ( prosp.).
" large burgh ", " small
burgh ", ( 2 ), sch. 1
para. 7( a)(b), sch. 3
paras. 1, 3 rep. ( prosp.)
29.
65, s. 135(10),
sch. 16 para. 3 .
65, s. 135(10),
sch. 16 para. 4.
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s . 135(10),
sch. 16 para. 5.
65, s . 135(10).
sch. 16 para. 6,
65, s. 237( 1), sch.
29.
65, s. 135(10),
sch. 16 para. 7.
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
65, ss. 214( 1),
237 ( 1) , sch. 27
Pt. II para. 8,
sch. 29.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s . 135(10),
sch. 16 para. 9.
65, s . 135(10),
sch. 16 para.
10.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
15 & 16 Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2:
c . 11
...
c. 12
...
c. 25
...
Northern Ireland (Foyle
Fisheries) Act 1952.
Judicial Offices (Salaries,
etc.) Act 1952.
Rep.
S. 1( 4) rep. ( prosp. )
S. 5(1)(a) rep .
...
...
S. 5(1)(c) rep .
...
National Health Service S. 1( 1) am. ( E.) (prosp.)
Act 1952.
S. 1( 2 )(c) am. (E.) (prosp. )
S. 7( 4 )(6 ) am. (E.) ( prosp.)
S. 8(1) am. (prosp.)...
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20
sch . 5 Pt. II.
15, s. 19 (1), sch. 4
para. 4, sch. 5
Pt. V.
15, ss. 19(1) , 21
( 2 ), sch. 4para.
4, sch. 5 Pt. V.
32, ss. 4, 57, sch.
4 para. 65(1).
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 65(2) .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 66.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 67.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation cxxxvii
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
15 & 16 Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
с . 31
c. 39... ...
Cremation Act 1952...
Functions of councils as
to Scotland transferred
to islands or district
councils ( prosp.).
Motor Vehicles (Inter-
S. 1 ( 2)(b) am. (N.I.)
...
national Circulation) | S. 5 rep . ...
Act 1952.
c . 44
c. 46 ...
c. 47
Customs and Excise Act Power to am. ( retrosp.)
1952.
Ss. 111 (1)(a)(b), 122 (a)(b)
subst. (retrosp. ).
S. 285 excl . ( E.) ( prosp . ) ...
S. 314(1) rep.
S. 314 ( 4 ) rep. in pt. , ( 5 )
( 7 ) rep.
Sch. 10 Pt. II paras. 1 , 2,
6 rep. ( 1.1.1975) .
Hypnotism Act 1952...
S. 2(4)( b ) am. (prosp.)
.. Rating and Valuation
S. 1 (1)(b) am. ( prosp.)
..
( Scotland ) Act 1952.
S. 3 am. (prosp.)
S. 4 am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 8(1) subst. ( prosp. )
c. 48 ...
c. 54
... Costs in Criminal Cases
Act 1952.
Town Development Act
1952.
Rep.
S. 2( 2)( d ) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 2(2)(ee) added (1.4.
1974 ).
Ss. 7, 8 am. (1.4.1974 ) ...
S. 8( 4) rep. (1.4.1974 )...
c. 55 ...
Ss. 9( 3), 15 rep. (1.4.1974 )
Magistrates' Courts Act S. 14 ( 4) excl . ( prosp.)
...
1952.
S. 26( 5 ) am.
...
S. 29 ext. (prosp. )...
am. ( prosp. )
S. 46 ext. ( prosp. )
...
S. 52(2) am. (prosp. )
S. 55(1 ) am. ( prosp. )
...
Ss. 56(1), 57( 4) am.
( prosp. ).
S. 64(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 72A am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 169(1).
S.I. No. 2163 .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
51 , s . 1(5)(10) .
51, s. 1 (9)(10).
62, s . 32( 2) .
S.I. No. 2163.
36, s. 41 ( 1 ), sch . 6
Pt. I.
43, s. 23, sch. 7
Pt. I.
65, s. 188, sch. 24
para. 40.
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 40.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 41 .
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 42.
65, s. 122, sch . 9
para. 43.
14, s. 21(2 ), sch .
2 .
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 64.
37, s. 40 ( 2 ), sch. 8
para. 65(1) .
37, s . 40( 2)(3),
sch. 8 para.
65( 2), sch. 9.
37 , s. 40(3), sch .
9 .
62, s . 1(6 ) .
14, s . 21(1), sch. 1
para. 1.
62, s. 44(1).
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 4.
29 , s. 6( 4 ).
29, s . 9( 2 ).
29, s. 2( 1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 4.
29, s. 9( 2 ) .
62 , s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 5.
62 , s. 33.
cxxxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
15 & 16 Geo. 6
&1 Eliz. 2:
c. 55 -cont.
Magistrates ' Courts Act S. 72B( 3) am. ( prosp. )
1952 -cont.
c. 61... ...
Prisons (Scotland) Act S. 7(1) am. (16.5.1975)
...
1952.
...
62, s. 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 6.
S. 96 restr. (prosp.)
S. 104 excl. (1.1.1975)
62 , s. 32 ( 4).
43, s. 8, sch. 3
para. 2( 2) .
38, s. 92( 4), sch.
S. 104 excl ....
23 para. 3(1) .
41, s. 129(2) .
S. 107(2)(3) rep. (prosp.)
S. 110(1) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 2 appl. (mod. )
Sch. 3 excl . (prosp. )
Sch. 5 rep . in pt.
62, s. 56( 2), sch .
6 .
62, s. 56, sch . 5
para. 7, sch. 6.
9, s . 18( 5) .
...
62, s. 32(2).
14, s. 21(2) , sch .
2 .
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
109.
S. 14( 1 )(2) (5)-(7)
( prosp. ).
am.
65, s . 214(2) , sch .
27 Pt. II para.
110.
S. 16 am. (prosp. )... 65, s . 214 (2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
111.
65, s. 237( 1 ), sch .
29.
c. 66
Defamation Act 1952
... ...
c . 67
Visiting Forces Act 1952 Ss. 31(3), 37(2) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ), 38, 41, 42(1 )
definition of " remand
home " rep. (prosp.).
Ss . 15 rep. , 18( 2) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
pt . Pt. I.
S. 1(1) rep . in pt.
48, s . 4(2), sch. 4.
S. 1(1)(a) am. 27, s. 4(3), sch. 2
para. 4.
am. (retrosp . )... 49 s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 2.
S. 3 ( 1 )(d) (e) added, ( 4) 47, s . 6( 1) .
am.
S. 10(1)(a) restr.... 27, s . 4(3), sch. 2
para. 4.
1 & 2 Eliz. 2
с. 25
... Local GovernmentSuper-
annuation Act 1953
Ss. 9( 3), 11 rep.- (Е.)
( S.). ... S.I. No. 313 .
S.I. No. 503 ....
S.18(1)(2) am.
S.I. No. 503 .
S. 25( 1 ) proviso para . ( a) 38, s. 100( 2)(a) ,
am. ( prosp. )
sch. 27 para.
16.
c . 26... ...
Local Government (Mis-
S. 12 subst. (1.4.1974)
cellaneous Provisions)
Act 1953
c. 33.. ...
S. 13 am. (1.4.1974 )
Education ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953
S. 4 rep. (prosp .)
Ss . 14, 17(2) rep.
Sch. 1 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) Sch. 2 rep. ...
37, s. 40( 2 ), sch. 8
para. 66.
...
37. s. 14 ( 2).
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
..
16, s. 1( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
16 , s. 1( 4 ) , sch. 2
Pt . I.
Effect ofLegislation cxxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1 & 2 Eliz. 2 :
-cont.
c . 34
c. 36
Finance Act 1953
Post Office Act 1953
S. 30 am.
Ss . 16 ( 1) subst, ( 2)(d) am . ,
17 rep. in pt . , 24 am.
S. 51( 1) (a) am. (16.5.1975)
51, s. 46.
S.I. No. 960.
S. 51 (5)(c) rep. (prosp. ) ...
c. 37
с.47
S. 58(2) rep. in pt....
S. 63 am....
Power to appl .
( mod. ) (6.4.1975)...
Ss . 63 (5) , 70(2), 87(1) defi-
nition of "British postal
area " rep . in pt.
...
Registration Service Act S. 20 am. ( prosp. )
...
1953
Emergency Laws (Mis-
S. 5(6)(b) am. (16.5.1975 )
cellaneous Provisions
Act 1953
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt . II. para .
112.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
S.I. No. 2163 .
S.I. No. 960 .
38, s. 1 (4), sch . 1
para. 6(3) .
S.I. No. 960.
c . 50
38, s. 88(2), sch .
22 para. 8.
65, s . 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II . para.
113.
Sch . 1 paras. 6, 7 rep.... 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Auxiliary Forces Act 1953 Ss. 2(1) definition of
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
" joint association" rep .
29.
rep. in pt . (S.) (prosp.),
47 rep . ( prosp. )
Sch . 1 para. 2 subst. (S.)
( prosp. )
Sch. 3 Pt. II . rep. (prosp. ) 65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II . para
114 .
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2 :
c. 5... ... Statute Law Revision Act
1953 S. 4(1) rep .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
с. 12... Currency and Bank Notes S. 4(2) rep . 39, S.L. (Re-
Act1954 peals ).
c . 13 Local Government (Fin- Ss. 1-9 rep. ( prosp. )
ancial Provisions ) 65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
(Scotland ) Act 1954.
с. 23 Hill Farming Act 1954 ... S. 2( 5) rep. c. 24 Cotton Act 1954 Rep... 39, S.L. (Re-
c. 30
Protection of Birds Act S. 10(2)(b) am....
...
1954.
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
peals ).
54, s. 1 (1 )(b)(7),
sch . 1 para. 3 .
S. 14(1 ) definitions of-
“
administrative area
" 65, s. 214 (2), sch .
am . (16.5.1975) , " auth-
27 Pt. II para.
orised person " am. (S.)
115.
"
( 16.5.1975 ) , local
authority" am. (16.5.
1975) .
" authorised person "
para. ( c ) am.
am. (1.4.1974)...
54, s . 1 (1)(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 3 .
37, s. 40 (2), sch . 8
para. 67.
cxl Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
2 & 3 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. 32
Atomic Energy Authority S. 2( 2) restr.
4, s. 6 (1).
Act1954.
S. 2 ( 2) proviso (i ) rep. in 4, s. 6( 2) .
pt .
c . 36... ...
Law Reform (Limitation
S. 6 rep. ...... ... 52, s . 23(2), sch. 5
of Actions, &c.) Act
Pt. II.
1954.
c . 39... ...
Agriculture (Miscellan-
Ss. 10(12), 11( 4) rep. , 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
eous Provisions) Act
12 (7 ) rep. in pt.
Pt. I.
1954.
S. 13 rep.
...
39, peals ). S.L. (Re-
S. 16 rep. in pt.
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 16 rep. in pt. , 17( 2),
39, S.L. (Re-
sch. 3 rep.
peals ) .
c . 42...
Slaughterhouses Act 1954 S. 16 definition of " local
65, s. 214 (2 ), sch.
authority " am. (16.5.
27 Pt. II para.
1975 ) .
116.
c .48
... Summary Jurisdiction
S. 23 excl. , 23( 2) appl.
41, s. 129( 3) .
( Scotland ) Act 1954.
S. 23 excl. (1.1.1975), 23 43, s. 8, sch. 3
( 2) appl. (1.1.1975) .
para. 2( 3).
S. 23(2) appl .... ...
38, s. 88(2), sch.
23 para. 3( 3).
S. 44( 5) am. ( prosp. )
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 8.
c .49
...
Long Leases ( Scotland ) S. 4( 3) definition of" local
65 , s. 214 (2), sch.
Act 1954.
"
authority am. (16.5.
1975 ) .
27 Pt. II para.
117.
c.50...
Housing (Repairs and
Ss. 12, 15, 40 , 43, 44( 2)(3),
39, S.L. (Re-
Rents) (Scotland) Act
sch. 4 rep .
peals ).
1954.
c. 56... ...
Landlord and Tennant
S. 2( 5) am.
... ...
9 , s. 14 ( 4 ), sch. 5
Act1954
para. 11 ( 2 ).
S. 37 restr.
26 , s . 37( 4).
S. 39(1) rep.
26 , ss. 47( 2), 86,
sch. 3.
S. 39(2 ) am.
...
26, s. 47( 3).
S. 57(6 ) am. ( prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 68.
S. 63(2)( a)(b) am.
15, s. 6(1 ), sch. 2
Pt. I.
c . 58
... ...
Charitable Trusts ( Vali-
S. 5 rep. ... ... ...
36 , s. 41( 1), sch. 6
dation) Act 1954
Pt. I.
c .64
... ...
Transport Charges Etc.
S. 6(1)(c) am. (prosp.)...
65, s. 150(1), sch.
( Miscellaneous visions) Act 1954.
Pro-
18 para. 25.
Sch. 1 paras, 15, 17(5) am.
65, s. 150 (1), sch.
( prosp. )
c . 68...
18para. 26.
Pests Act 1954
.. ... Ss. 8( 1) rep. in pt. , (6 ) rep. ,
39, S.L. (Re-
( 7 ) rep. in pt . , 15( 2),
peals).
sch. rep.
c. 70... ... Mines and Quarries Act
1954 . S. 166, sch, 4 rep. in pt.
16, s. 1 ( 4 ), sch. 2
Pt. I.
c. 72... Town and Country Plan- S. 53( 3) rep.... ...
39, S.L. (Re-
ning Act 1954.
peals) .
c. 73... ... Town and Country Plan- S. 55(3) rep.... ...
ning ( Scotland) Act
1954 .39, S.L. peals ). ( Re
Effect ofLegislation cxli
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
3 & 4 Eliz. 2:
c. 2
c . 8
c. 13
c .14... ...
c . 18... ...
... WirelessTelegraphy(Vali- Rep.
dation of Charges) Act
1954.
... Northern Ireland Act
1955. Ss. 1, 3, 5, rep .... ...
... Rural Water Supplies and
S. 1 (1 ) am. ( E.) (1.4.1974) Sewerage Act 1955.
Imperial War Museum
S. 1 saved
Act 1955.
Army Act 1955....
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
37, s . 40(2), sch. 8
para. 68.
... ... 48, s . 4( 3) .
c. 19... ... Air Force Act 1955 ....
Cont. until 31.12.1974 ...
Restr.
S. 214 ( 5) am. (16.5.1975)
...
...
S.I. No. 2153 .
27, s. 4(2)(d) .
65, s . 214 (2), sch.
27 Pt.II para.
118.
S. 215( 3) rep....
S.I. No. 2163 .
S. 215( 4) rep. in pt.
53,s. 31 ( 3), sch. 5.
S. 225(1) definition of Commonwealth“
force" -
am....
rep. in pt....
am . (retrosp.)
Cont. until 31.12.1974
Restr.
S. 212( 5) am. ( 16.5.1975 )
27, s . 4(2)(b) .
48, s. 4(2), sch. 4.
49, s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 1 .
...
S.I. No. 2153 .
27, s . 4(2)( a) .
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
119.
S. 213(3) rep.
S.I. No. 2163.
S. 213( 4) rep. in pt...
53, s. 31(3), sch. 5.
S. 223(1 ) definition of Commonwealth“
force"-
am....
rep. in pt....
am. (retrosp. )
c . 21 ...
Crofters ( Scotland ) Act S. 12 excl .
... ...
1955.
S. 37(1 ) definition of
" crofting counties "
am. (16.5.1975)
c. 22... ... Pensions (India, Pakistan Rep. (saving )
... ...
and Burma) Act 1955.
c.24.. Requisitioned Houses S. 2(2)(5)(b) rep .
and Housing (Amend-
ment) Act 1955 .
c. 26 ...
Public Service Vehicles S. 4(a)( b) am. (prosp.)
...
( Travel Concessions)
Act 1955 .
c . 27
Public Libraries ( Scot- S. 3 rep. ( prosp.)
...
land) Act 1955.
27, s . 4(2)(b).
48, s . 4(2), sch. 4.
49, s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 1.
56, s. 45( 2)(3).
65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II . para.
120.
21 , ss. 2(3) , 6(2),
schs. 1, 2.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 5(1) definition of
library
"
"statutory authority ( prosp. ).
subst.
65, s . 150(1), sch.
18 paras . 27,
28.
65 , ss . 163( 4) ,
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 9, sch.
29.
65, s. 163(4), sch.
21 para. 10.
cxlii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
4& 5 Eliz . 2:
c. 16
c. 18
c. 19
с. 25
c. 30
с. 31
с. 34
с .46
Food and Drugs Act S. 134(2)(3) rep ....
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
1955.
Pt. I.
Sch . 10 paras . 2 am. , 2(d ), S.I. No. 2095.
4 rep.
... Aliens' Employment Act
S. 2(3) rep....
36, s. 41(1 ), sch . 6
1955.
Pt. I.
Friendly Societies Act
S. 9(1) am. ( prosp.), (2) 38, s . 100(2)(a),
1955.
subst. ( prosp.)
sch. 27 para.
17.
S. 9( 5) rep. (prosp.)
...
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Therapeutic Substances
S. 17( 3) rep .
...
36, s . 41(1 ), sch . 6
Act 1956.
Pt. I.
Food and Drugs ( Scot-
S. 20(5) added (16.5.1975) 65, s . 214(2), sch .
land) Act 1956.
27 Pt . II para.
121.
S. 21 ( 1 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ),
65, SS. 209(1),
( 2 ) rep. (prosp. )
237(1 ), sch . 25
para. 27, sch.
29.
S. 21 ( 2) added (16.5.1974 ) 65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
122.
S. 21(3) rep . ( prosp. )...
65 , SS. 209(1 ),
237(1 ) , sch . 25
para. 27, sch.
29.
S. 22(2) rep. (prosp. )
... 65 , SS. 209( 1),
237(1 ), sch . 25
para. 28, sch.
29.
S. 26( 3) am. (16.5.1975),
65, s. 214(2), sch.
( 4 ) subst. (16.5.1975).
27 Pt. II paга.
123.
S. 27(3) rep . (prosp . )
65, s 237(1 ) , sch .
29.
S. 27( 7) added (16.5.1975)
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
124.
S. 29(3) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s . 214 (2 ), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
125.
S. 35(2) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
126.
Rep.
48, s. 4(2) , sch. 4.
...
Pakistan (Consequential
Provision ) Act 1956.
Criminal Justice Ad-
ministration Act 1956.
Residue rep. ( prosp. )
15, ss. 19( 1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt . II.
15, s. 2(7) .
S. 16(2), sch . 2 rep.
( prosp.).
Administration of Justice S. 11 (1) rep. in pt . , (2)-(7)
Act 1956. rep.
S. 55( 4) гер .
15, ss. 16(7 ) , 19
(1), sch . 5 Pt.
VI.
36, s. 41 (1) , sch . 6
Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation cxliii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
4 & 5 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
с. 49 Agriculture ( Safety, S. 25(10) definition of
Health and Welfare
"local authority
Provisions) Act 1956.
1975 )
am. ( 16.5.1975) .
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
127.
c. 52 .. ...
Clean Air Act 1956
c. 54
...
Finance Act 1956
c. 60
Valuation and Rating
( Scotland ) Act 1956.
S. 10(5)(b) am. (prosp.) ...
65, s. 134(2), sch .
15 para. 28.
S. 31(7) (c) rep . (prosp.) ... 65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
S. 34 (1) definition of 65, s. 214(2), sch .
" local authority" am.
(16.5.1975) . 128.
27 Pt. II para.
S. 36 rep. in pt.
36, s. 4(1) , sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 34 (1) am.
S. 40(4)(a) am.
S. 1 ext.
S. 1(1) - (4 ) rep. (prosp. ),
( 5 ) rep. in pt . (prosp.),
( 6 ) rep. (prosp.), (7)
rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
S. 4 rep. ( prosp.)
51, s. 46.
51, s . 53( 8).
65, s. 116 (2) .
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
44 , sch. 29.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
S. 5(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 65, ss. 122, 237
( 1) , sch . 9 para.
45, sch . 29.
S. 9(1)(a) am. S. 9(5) am. ( prosp.) 65, s. 117( a).
65, s. 122, sch . 9
para. 46.
S. 10( 1)(b) am. 65, s. 117( b).
S. 11 ( 4) added (prosp.)... 65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 47.
S. 16( 3) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 65 s. 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 21(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
48, sch . 29.
S. 24 ( 4) definition of
separately rated
area " am. (prosp .).
Ss. 26, 31 , 37, 40 rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 43(1 ) definitions of
“ burgh ",
" large
burgh",
" rating
authority"
rep.
( prosp.).
Sch. 4 paras. 10, 11(3)
proviso am. (prosp. ).
Sch. 6 rep. (prosp.)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 49.
65, s . 237( 1 ) , sch .
29.
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch . 9 para.
50, sch . 29.
c. 67
... ...
Road Traffic Act 1956 ...
c . 68
... ...
Restrictive Trade Prac-
tices Act 1956
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 51 .
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch .
29.
S. 45(8) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s . 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 52.
Ext.
...
41, s. 133.
Am.
41, s. 94 ( 2 ).
Pt. I (ss . 1-23) Power to 41, ss. 107-117,
appl. ( mod.)
sch . 10 Pt. I.
cxliv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
4 & 5 Eliz. 2:
c. 68 -cont. Restrictive Trade Prac-
S. 1(1) , ( 3)-(8) rep. tices Act 1956 -cont . S.6 (1) am....
41, s . 139, sch. 13.
41 , ss. 95, 139,
sch . 12.
S. 6( 3 ) ext.... 41, s . 117( 3) .
S. 6(5) proviso added 41, s. 96.
S. 6( 8) am.... 41 , s. 97.
S. 6A added 41, s. 98.
S. 7(1A)( 1B) added 41, s. 99.
S. 7(3)(a) am. 41, s. 100.
Ss. 8( 4) am . , 8A added 41, s. 101 .
S. 10(8) added... 41, s. 102(1) .
S. 11( 7 ) rep. in pt. 41, s . 139, sch . 13.
S. 14 ( 4) added... ... 41, s . 102(2) .
S.15( 3) am. 41 , s . 103 ( 1).
S. 15( 3A)(3B) added 41, s. 103( 2 ).
S. 20(3) am.... ... 41, s. 104(1).
S. 21A added 41, s. 105.
Ss. 22(5) added, 23( 2) am. 41, s. 139, sch. 12.
Ss. 23( 4), 24(8), 29 rep. 41, s. 139, sch. 13.
S. 30(2) am. 41, s. 139, sch. 12.
S. 30( 3) rep. in pt. , ( 4 )( 6 ) 41, s. 139 , sch. 13.
( 7 ) гер.
S. 31 rep. ... ... 41, ss. 102(3),
139, sch. 13.
Ss . 33, 35(1 )(a) rep.... 41, s. 139, sch. 13.
S. 36(1) definitions of-
" the Director " added
41, s. 139, sch. 12.
" inter-connectedbodies
41, s. 106.
corporate " am.
" the Registrar " rep.
S. 36(1 )-(3) ext.
...
S. 37(1 ) rep. in pt .
...
c. 69...
c. 76
Sch. paras, 7, 8, 10 am.
Sexual Offences Act 1956 S. 38 subst . (prosp.)
...
S. 50(2 ) гер .
Medical Act 1956... S. 16(1)(2) am. ( prosp. )
Ss . 18, 23 saved-
( Pakistan )
... ...
( Bangladesh )
...
S. 56(2) rep.
41, s . 139, sch. 13.
41, s. 117( 3) .
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
41, s . 139, sch. 12.
29, s . 1 (8), sch. 1 .
36, s . 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
32, ss. 57, 58( 6 ),
sch. 4 para. 69.
48, s . 4(1 ), sch. 3
para. 4.
49, s. 1 ( 3), sch .
para. 12.
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
5 & 6 Eliz . 2:
c. 11
с. 15
... Homicide Act 1957 ...
S. 14 rep.
... Nurses Act 1957 ... Am. ( prosp. )...
S. 11 (1 )( 2) am. ( prosp.)
S. 12(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 13(1) am. ( prosp. )...
S. 14 am. ( prosp. )
...
39 S.L. ( Re-
peals).
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 70.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 71 .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 72 , sch. 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 73.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 74.
Effect ofLegislation cxlv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2:
c. 15 -cont. c. 16
c. 20 ...
Nurses Act 1957 -cont. S. 16 am. ( prosp. )...
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 75.
Nurses Agencies Act 1957
House ofCommons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 .
S. 33(1) definitions of-
" BoardofGovernors" ,
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
" hospital
area
"teaching hospital "
rep. ( prosp. )
"region" added ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 76.
S. 33(2) rep. ( prosp .)
...
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
Sch. 1 para. 3(e) am.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. )
para. 77.
Sch. 2para. 1 am . ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 78(1 )- (4).
para. 1(е ) гер.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. )
para. 78 ( 4 ) ,
sch. 5.
para. 2( a)
am.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. )
para. 78 (5).
para. 3rep. ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
para. 4 ( 1 )
am. 32, s . 57, sch. 4
( prosp. )
para.78( 6 ).
S. 8saved ( prosp . )
35, s . 13(7)( b).
Ss. 6, 7 Power to appl. 17, s. 3 ( 4)(b).
( mod. )
S. 10 subst .
S. 14(1)(2) rep.
S. 14 (3) rep . in pt .
Sch. 1 Pts . I-III rep. in pt .
Pt. I rep. in pt.
( prosp . )
Pt. II am.
Pt. II am. ( prosp.
Pt. II rep. in pt.
Pt. II rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 )
... ..
36, s . 30(1) .
... ...
39, S.L. peals ). ( Re-
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
9, s. 1 (6 ), sch. 1
para. 9.
32, ss . 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch.
4
para. 79.
38, ss . 66(3) , 73
( 5 ).
64, s. 1 ( 3), sch. 1
para. 5.
65 , ss . 218(5),
224 ( 5) .
50, s . 14(1), sch. 3
para. 4.
65, s. 12 ( 2), sch. 4
para. 3( a) .
9, s. 23(3), sch. 6.
S.I. No. 2175.
Pt. III am.
32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
79.
37, s. 40 ( 2 )(4),
sch . 8 para. 69.
39, s. 1(2), sch. 2
para. 3.
cxlvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2 :
c. 20 -cont.
House ofCommons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 Sch. 1 Pt. III am.
-cont.
41, s. 1(6 ) , sch. 1
para. 4.
54, s . 1(7)(9) , sch.
3 para. 19.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
Pt. III am.
( prosp. )
sch.
18 . 27 para.
65, s . 12( 2) , sch . 4
para. 3( b) .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Pt. III rep. in pt.
41, s. 139, sch. 13.
S.I. No. 2163.
32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
79.
Sch. 3 am.
36, s . 30(2) .
38, ss . 66( 3 ), 73
( 5 ).
41, s. 1( 6 ), sch. 1
para. 4.
am. ( prosp . )
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
18.
9, s . 23( 3), sch. 6 .
36, ss . 30(2) , 41
( 1), sch. 6 Pt. I.
Sch. 3 rep. in pt.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
41, s. 139, sch. 13.
S.I. No. 2163 .
Sch. 3 rep. inpt. (1.4.1974 ) S.I. No. 2175 .
Sch. 4 rep.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
c. 26
...
National Insurance Act Residue rep. ( prosp.)
...
38, s . 100(2)(b),
1957.
sch . 28 Pt. I.
c. 27
Solicitors Act 1957.. S. 33(1A) added ( prosp.)
S. 33(2) subst. 15, s. 4.
15, ss. 5, 20, sch .
1 para. 9( 2).
S. 38(5)(a) am. (prosp. ) 62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 9.
S. 74( f) am.
...
14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
para. 2.
c. 28 Dentists Act 1957... S. 10(2) replaced...
31, s. 1 ( 1).
S. 12 saved (Pakistan )...
48, s. 4(1 ), sch . 3
para. 4.
saved (Bangladesh) 49, s. 1( 3), sch .
S. 17(3) am. para. 13.
31, s. 1( 2 ).
Ss. 36( 2)(a) , 42 (1)(b), 32 , ss. 57, 58( 5)
( 2 )( 3) rep . in pt . ( 6 ), sch. 5.
( prosp .).
S. 42( 4) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
80, sch . 5.
S. 42( 4)(a)- (d) replaced 32, ss . 57, 58(5)
( prosp. ). ( 6 ) , sch. 4para.
80.
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation cxlvii
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2 :
c. 28 -cont . Dentists Act 1957-cont . Ss . 43 ( 1 )(b) , (2) , ( 5), 50(2)
rep. in pt . (prosp. ).
S. 52 rep. in pt...
c. 36 Cheques Act 1957
c. 38
32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
( 6 ), sch . 5.
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
32, ss . 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 5.
36, s. 41(1) , sch . 6
Pt . I.
65, s . 130(3) , sch .
12 para. 3.
с.40
с .44
с. 46
c. 48
..
c. 52
... ...
c. 53
c. 56 Sch. 1 paras . 13(3), 14(3)
rep. in pt. (prosp. ).
S. 7 rep. in pt .
Housing and Town
Development ( Scot-
land) Act 1957 .
Thermal Insulation (In-
dustrial Buildings) Act
1957 .
S. 16(5) am. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 3(1 ) , 12(2)(3 )(5) am.
( prosp. ).
65, s . 134(2), sch.
15 para. 29( a)-
( c ).
S. 12 (5) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 65,
SS. 134( 2 ),
237( 1 ), sch . 15
para. 29(c) ,
sch . 29.
S. 12(8) am. (prosp. )
65, s . 134(2), sch .
15 para. 29( d).
National Health Service
Rep. ( prosp.)
32, s . 57, sch . 5.
( Amendment) Act
1957.
Judicial Offices (Salaries
and Pensions) Act 1957.
Electricity Act 1957
Geneva Conventions Act
1957
Rep.
15, s . 19(1 ), sch . 5
Pt. IV.
S. 26(6 ) rep . in pt ....
51 , s. 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. V.
S. 33(1)( 3) rep. (S.)
( prosp. ).
S. 34( 10) am. (16.5.1975 )
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
129.
Sch. 2 para. 1(a ) am. (S.) 65, s. 214(2), sch .
(16.5.1975) . 27 Pt. II para.
130.
Sch . 4 Pt. II am. ( S.) 65, s . 214(2), sch.
(16.5.1975) .
27 Pt. II para.
131.
S. 5 rep. in pt....
S.I. No. 2163 .
Naval Discipline Act 1957 Cont. until 31.12.1974
Restr.
S. 124(2) rep . in pt.
...
...
S.I. No. 2153 .
27, s. 4(2)(a ) .
53, s. 31 (3) , sch.
5.
S. 135(1 ) definition of
" Commonwealth
country"
am.
rep. in pt.
...
am. (retrosp. )
Housing Act 1957... Ss. 32, 42(3) rep . ...
S. 59(2) ext .
S. 60 appl . (mod. )
...
S. 63(1) rep .
...
S. 98 excl .
S. 100 rep . ... ...
S. 101 mod.
27, s . 4(2)( b) .
48, s. 4( 2), sch . 4.
49, s. 1(3), sch .
para. 1.
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
26 , s. 73( 4).
26, s. 73( 5).
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
26, s . 52(11).
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
26, s . 57( 3).
cxlviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2 :
c. 56 -cont. Housing Act 1957 -cont. S. 104 (3) (a ) am. , ( 3A ) 5, s . 2.
added .
S. 144 rep.
...
Sch. 1 para. 3 excl .
Sch. 2 appl. (mod. )
Sch. 3 para. 10 excl .
c. 57 Agriculture Act 1957...
Sch. 9 rep.
Ss. 8(2) rep. in pt. , 10,
36(1) (4) гер .
Sch. 1 rep. in pt. ( saving)
Sch. 4 rep....
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
26 , s. 52(11).
26, s . 73( 5) .
26, s . 52 (11) .
26 , s. 86, sch. 3.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
S.I. No. 351 .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 59...
Coal- Mining ( Subsidence) S. 1 (3)(i) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214(2), sch.
Act 1957 . 27 Pt. II para.
132.
Ss. 8 rep. , 18( 2) rep. in 39, S.L. ( Re-
pt.
peals ).
c. 62... ... Governors' Pensions Act Rep. (saving )
... ...
1957.
21, ss . 2(3), 6(2),
schs. 1, 2 .
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
c. 6... Import Duties Act 1958 S. 2( 4) am.
...
27, s. 4( 3), sch. 2
am. ( retrosp.)...
para. 2.
49, s. 1 ( 3), sch.
para. 5.
rep. in pt. and 48, s. 2.
c. 11
c . 14
...
.. am.
Isle of Man Act 1958
S. 2 ext. ( mod.)
Overseas Service Act 1958 S. 2 rep. ( saving)
c. 17... ...
c . 24
Recreational Charities
Act 1958.
Land Drainage (Scotland)
Act 1958 .
c. 26...
House of Commons ( Re-
distribution of Seats)
Act 1958 .
c. 32.. ...
Opticians Act 1958...
c. 33 ...
Disabled Persons (Em-
ployment) Act 1958.
S.I. No. 595.
... 21 , ss. 2( 3), 6( 2),
schs. 1, 2.
S. 3(1)(3)(6 )(7) rep .
S. 4 rep. (saving)
21, s. 6( 2), sch. 2.
21, ss . 2(3), 6(2),
schs. 1, 2.
S. 4 rep....
... 36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 para. 1 definition
of " local authority "
am. (16.5.1975) .
S. 4( 4) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
133.
65, s . 11 ( 3), sch. 3
para. 19.
S. 7( 3) rep.... ...
36 , s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 21 (2)(b) am. ( prosp.) ... 32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
( 6 ) sch. 4 para.
81.
rep. in pt. 32, ss . 57, 58(5)
( prosp. ).
S. 31 (2) rep. in pt. S. 3(1)(3) am .
(16.5.1975) .
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
81, sch. 5.
...
(S. ) 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
134 (a)( b).
S. 3(4) rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, ss. 214( 2 ),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para 134
( c ), sch. 29.
Effect of Legislation cxlix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
c. 33 -cont.
Disabled Persons ( Em-
ployment) Act 1958
-cont.
c . 36
c. 38
c. 39
...
...
c .40...
c . 44.. ...
c. 45... ...
c. 46.. ...
c.47
c .49...
c. 50
c. 51...
S. 3(5) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214(2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
Sch. rep. (S.) (prosp.)
134( d ).
65 ,... ss. 214(2),
237(1) , sch. 27
Pt. II para. 135,
sch. 29.
Physical Training and
S. 1( 3) rep. (prosp.)
...
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
Recreation Act 1958 .
29 .
Defence Contracts Act
Saved... ... ...
4, s. 5( 2).
1958.
... Maintenance Orders Act
1958. Matrimonial Proceedings ( Children) Act 1958 .
Ss. 22 rep. , 23( 2) rep. in
pt.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 10( 2) am. (16.5.1975) ...
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
136.
S. 12(2) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s . 214( 2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
137.
S. 15 rep. in pt . (prosp.) ... 65,
SS. 214 ( 2 ),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para. 138,
sch . 29.
Dramatic and Musical S. 1 excl .
... 19, s . 4 (6 )( b ).
Performers ' Protection
Act 1958.
Prevention of Fraud (In-
58, s. 48.
vestments) Act 1958.
Ss. 13( 1), 26( 1) definition of "dealing in securi-
ties " excl .
Statute Law Revision Act
S. 5 rep....
...
1958.
... Agricultural Marketing S. 19A added
Act 1958. ext.
...
36, s. 41 (1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
41, s. 127.
41, s. 4( 4), sch. 3
para. 16(2) .
S. 44 (5) rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 2163.
S.47( 2) proviso para. ( aa)
added.
41, s. 139, sch. 12.
S. 53(2) rep ( saving),
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
( 3) rep. , (4) rep. in pt. ,
Pt.I.
( 12 ) гер.
Trading Representations S. 1( 5 ) am. ( 16.5.1975) ...
65, s . 214(2), sch.
( Disabled Persons) Act
27 Pt. II para.
1958 .
139.
Local Government (Omni-
S. 7(1) definition of 65, s. 214(2), sch.
bus Shelters and Queue
" local authority " am.
27 Pt. II para.
Barriers) (Scotland) Act
( 16.5.1975) .
29.
1958.
Public Records Act 1958 S. 12(2) rep....
Sch. 1 para. 3 am.
( prosp. )....
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
32, ss . 57, 58 (5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
82 .
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para. 19
50, s . 14 (1), sch. 3
para. 5.
cl Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
c. 51-cont.
Public Records Act 1958 -cont.
Sch. 1 para 3 am.
Sch. 2 rep. in pt....
{
с. 53
c. 56
c. 62
с . 64
Variation of Trusts Act S. 2( 2) rep. in pt.
1958.
Finance Act 1958
Merchant Shipping (Lia-
S. 37(3) mod.
S. 10(3) rep .
bility of Shipowners
and Others) Act 1958 .
Local Government and
Ss. 1-6 rep. ( prosp. )
Miscellaneous Financial
Provisions (Scotland)
S. 8 rep . ( prosp. )
Act 1958 .
...
41 , s. 139, sch. 12.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
41, s. 139, sch. 13.
36, s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
51 , s . 53(2) .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 65 ...
Children Act 1958
S. 18, schs . 1-3, sch . 4
para. 4 and Pt. II rep.
S. 17 definition of " local
authority " am. (16.5.
1975).
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch .
29 .
65, ss. 122, 237
237(1), sch. 9
para. 52, sch.
29.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 214 (2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
140 .
c. 67 Water Act 1958
...
S. 4( 2) rep. (1.4.1974 )...
37, s. 40 (3), sch .
9.
Sch. 1 para. 1 ( 1) am.
65, s . 148(8), sch .
( prosp. ).
17 para. 28.
c. 69
Opencast Coal Act 1958 S. 52(2) definition of
65, s . 214(2), sch.
" local authority
27 Pt. II para.
added (16.5.1975) .
141.
S. 52(2) rep. in pt.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
( prosp. ), sch. 1 paras.
29.
4 ( b) rep. in pt. (S.)
( prosp.), 11 rep. (prosp. ).
c.71... Agriculture Act 1958
Ss. 6(4)(5) , 10 (1)(6), schs .
39, S.L. (Re-
...
2, 3 rep.
peals ).
c. 72
Insurance Companies Act Expld. (S.)
65, s. 86( 3).
1958. Am. ...
58, s . 54(2) .
S. 1( 5A)(a) am.
58, s. 40.
S. 3 rep.... ...
58 58, s. 54(3), sch .
2.
S. 4 Power to apply
58, s. 37.
Power to appl .
58, s. 38(1 )- (4) .
( mod. ).
am.
S. 4(5) rep . (saving)
...
S. 5 am.
...
appl.
...
Power to apply
Power to appl.
( mod . ).
S. 5(1) am.
... ...
S. 7 appl .
Power to apply ...
am.
...
58, s. 39(1)(5).
58, s . 54 (3)(5),
sch. 2.
58, ss. 3, 4( 4),
39( 1 ) (5) .
58, s . 18(3)( 4) .
58, s. 37.
58, s. 38(1 )- (4) .
58, s. 54(1 ), sch. 1
para. 1 .
58, s . 5( 4) .
58, s . 37.
58, s . 39(1)(5).
Effect of Legislation cli
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
c. 72 -cont.
Insurance Companies Act Ss. 7-9 Power to appl. 58, s . 38(1 )- (4) .
1958 -cont. ( mod. ).
S. 7(2) rep . (saving)
...
58, s . 54(3)(5),
sch . 2.
S. 8 am.
S. 8(1) rep. in pt.
58, s. 39(2)(5).
58, s . 54(3) , sch .
2.
am.
58, ss . 4(1 ) -(3 ),
52( 4), 54(1 ),
sch . 1 para. 2.
S. 8( 4) rep .
...
58, ss. 4(5 ) , 54( 3 ),
sch . 2.
S. 8(6 ) subst .
..
58, s . 54( 1 ) , sch. 1
para. 2.
am.
58, s. 4(6 ) .
Ss. 11, 12 rep. (25.1.1974 )
58, ss. 54(3), 57
( 4 ) , sch. 2.
S. 13 Power to apply
58, s . 37.
Power to appl .
58, s . 38(1 )-(4) .
( mod. ).
S. 13( 1) am.
58, s. 28( 4) - (6 ).
S. 13(1)(2) am.
58, s . 54(1) , sch . 1
para. 3(a ) (b) .
S. 13( 3) ext .Power to am.
58, s. 28( 1 )- (3).
S. 13( 4) am.
58, s. 28( 4) .
58, s . 54(1 ), sch. 1
para. 3( c ) .
Ss. 14 rep. , 15(1) rep. in 58, s. 54(3), sch .
pt .
2 .
S. 15(1) appl ....
58, s . 29(2 ) .
S. 15(2) (a) (b) am.
58, s. 29(2) .
S. 17(1 ) am. ...
58, s. 54(1 ), sch . 1
para. 4.
S. 17(2)(3 ) rep . ( prosp.) ...
58, ss. 54(3), 57
( 5 ) , sch. 2.
58, s. 51 .
S. 20(2) restored as to
collecting societies and
as restored am .
( retrosp. ).
S. 23 am.
... ...
S. 25 rep. (prosp.) ...
Ss. 26, 28 rep . ...
S. 29 am.
... ...
S. 30 rep .
.. ..
S. 32(1 ) am. ... ...
S. 32( 3) rep. ...
S. 33(1 ) ext .
definitions of-
..
" chairman" , " Gazette "
rep . , " actuary ",
policy " rep. in pt .
58, s. 54(1 ), sch . 1
para. 5.
58, ss. 54(3), 57
( 6 ), sch. 2 .
58, s . 54(3) , sch .
2 .
58, s. 54(1 ), sch. 1
para. 6.
58, s . 54(3), sch.
2 .
58, s . 54(1 ), sch. 1
para. 7.
58, s . 54(3) , sch.
2.
58, s . 55(3).
58, s. 54(3), sch .
2 .
clii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
c. 72 -cont.
Insurance Companies Act
1958 -cont. 7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c. 5... ...
c. 19
c. 22
... ...
... ...
Adoption Act 1958...
Emergency Laws ( Re-
peal) Act 1959.
County Courts Act 1959
" insolvent " am.
58, s . 54( 1 ), sch . 1
para. 8.
S. 33( 6 ) ext .
S. 34 ext.
S. 34(3) proviso rep.
58, s. 55( 3).
58, s . 53(1 ) .
58, s. 54(3), sch .
2 .
S. 34(5) rep. (saving)
...
58, s . 54( 3)(5),
sch. 2.
S. 36 (1) rep.
...
58, s . 54(3) , sch.
2 .
Sch. 2 para. 6(2) rep.
58, s. 54(3)(7),
( saving ). sch. 2.
para. 6(6 )- (9) rep. 58, s. 54(3), sch .
2 .
para. 8 am. 58, s. 54(1 ) , sch. 1
para. 9 .
para . 10 rep . 58, s. 54(3)(5),
( saving ). sch. 2.
para. 14 rep....
58, s . 54(3) , sch.
2 .
Schs. 3, 4 rep . ( prosp. )
58, ss . 54(3), 57
( 5 ), sch. 2.
Sch. 5 rep. in pt....
58, s . 54(3), sch.
2 .
S. 28(1 ) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s. 214( 2 ), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
142 .
S. 8(1) rep .
Power to appl. (mod. )
...
S. 27 rep.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
18, s . 50 ( 3).
15 , ss. 16 ( 7 ) ,
19(1), sch. 5
Pt. VI.
S. 29(1) excl .
S. 29( 1A) rep .
15, s. 16 ( 4 ).
15, s. 19(1), sch . 5
Pt. VI.
S. 48(1) am.
15, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 49 saved... ...
S. 49(1) am.
15, s . 6(3).
15, s. 6(1 ) , sch. 2
Pt. II.
S. 51 (a) (b) am.
... 15, s. 6(1 ) , sch . 2
Pt. I.
15, s. 7.
Ss. 92(1) subst. , (2 ),
93(1 )(2) am.
S. 109(2)(a)- (c) saved
( temp.).
S. 109(2)(a)(iii), (b) am.
15, s. 6(3).
15, s . 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. II.
S. 109(2)(g) subst....
S. 191(3) am.
18, s . 54(1 ), sch. 2
para . 4.
... 15, s. 6(1) , sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 192(2) para. ( a) rep. in pt.
S. 200 (2 ) am.
15, s. 19(1), sch . 5
Pt. III .
... 15, s. 6(1 ) , sch. 2
Pt. II .
Effect ofLegislation cliii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
7 & 8 Eliz. 2 :
c. 22 -cont.
c. 24..
County Courts Act 1959
-cont.
Building ( Scotland ) Act
1959.
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Sch. 1 am.
Am. (prosp.)
...
15, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I.
..
65, s. 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 1 .
S. 1 rep. ( prosp.)
..
65 , ss. 134(2),
237(1 ), sch. 15
para. 2, sch.
29.
S. 2(1 )- (3) rep. ( prosp.) ... 65, ss. 134(2),
237(1 ), sch. 15
para. 3( a), sch .
29.
S. 2( 4) subst . (prosp. )...
S. 4( 2 ) proviso am.
( prosp. ).
S. 6(8)(a) rep. (prosp.) ,
( 9) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) .
65, s. 134(2), sch .
15 para. 3 (b).
65, s. 134( 2), sch.
15para. 4.
65, SS. 134( 2),
237(1), sch. 15
para. 5, sch.
29.
S. 7 rep. ( prosp.)
...
65 , SS. 134( 2),
237(1 ), sch. 15
para. 6, sch.
29.
S. 8(3) rep . (prosp. )
...
65 , ss . 134(2),
237(1), sch. 15
para. 7, sch .
29 .
S. 9( 7)(8) rep. (prosp. )
...
65 , SS. 134 ( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch. 15
para. 8, sch .
29.
S. 10 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 9( a ) .
S. 10 ( 2 ) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 134( 2),
( prosp. ) .
237(1 ), sch. 15
para. 9( b ), sch .
29.
S. 13(1 )(2) am. (prosp . ),
( 4 ) subst. ( prosp. ), ( 5)
am. (prosp.).
S. 14 am. ( prosp.)
S. 18(1 ) am. (prosp.)
65, s . 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 10.
...
65, s . 134( 2 ), sch .
15 para. 11 .
...
65, s. 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 12 ( a ).
S. 18( 2) rep. ( prosp.)...
65, ss. 134( 2),
237( 1), sch. 15
para . 12(b) ,
sch. 29.
S. 18( 3)( 4) am. ( prosp. ) 65, s. 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 12(c)
( d ).
S. 18( 4 )( 7) rep. in pt. 65,
SS. 134 ( 2 ),
( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch . 15
para. 12(d)(e),
sch. 29.
S. 18( 10 ) am. (prosp.),
proviso added ( prosp.) . 65, s. 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 12( f) .
cliv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c . 24 -cont. Building ( Scotland ) Act S. 20( 2) rep. (prosp.)
1959 -cont.
...
65 , ss. 134 ( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch . 15
para. 13 , sch .
29 .
S. 21 rep . ( prosp.) 65 , SS. 134 ( 2 ),
237(1), sch. 15
para. 14, sch.
29.
S. 23(2) subst . (prosp. )... 65, s . 134( 2), sch.
S. 25(1 ) am. (prosp.) 15 para. 15.
65, s. 134( 2), sch .
15 para. 16( a).
S. 25(2) (3 ) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 134 ( 2 ),
( prosp. ). 237(1), sch. 15
para 16(b),
sch. 29.
S. 27 rep . ( prosp.)
65 , ss. 134 ( 2 ),
237(1 ) , sch . 15
para. 18, sch .
29.
S. 29(1) definitions of-
“ buildings auth-
65, SS. 134( 2),
ority , burgh " ;
237 (1), sch. 15
" Landward
area
para.18( a), sch.
“
master of works "
29.
rep. ( prosp.) .
local authority
subst. (prosp . ), ( 4 )
am. (prosp.) .
S. 29( 6 )( 7) rep. (prosp.),
(8) rep. in pt. (prosp.) ,
( 9) rep . (prosp. ).
S. 30(1 ) proviso rep.
( prosp . ).
Sch. 1 rep. (prosp . )
..
Sch. 2 rep . ( prosp . )
Sch . 3 heading rep. in pt.
( prosp.) .
Sch. 6 para. 1 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 7 am. ( prosp.)
...
Sch. 8 rep. (prosp . )
65, s . 134(2), sch.
15 para. 18( b)
( c ).
65, ss. 134 ( 2 ) ,
237(1 ) , sch. 15
para. 18(c) -(e),
sch . 29.
65 , SS. 134 ( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch . 15
para. 19, sch.
29.
65, SS. 134( 2 ) ,
237(1), sch. 15
para. 20, sch.
29.
65 , SS. 134( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch . 15
para. 21, sch.
29 .
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
65, ss. 134(2),
237(1), sch. 15
para. 22, sch.
29.
65, s . 134( 2), sch.
15 para. 23.
65 , SS . 134 ( 2 ),
237(1), sch. 15
para. 17, sch .
29.
Effect ofLegislation clv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2 :
c . 24 -cont. Building (Scotland) Act
1959-cont.
Sch . 9 paras. 2, 3 rep.
( prosp.) .
para. 6( 1 )(2) am.
( prosp .).
с. 25 .. Highways Act 1959 Ext .
...
... ...
с .40 ...
S. 10(1) am.
S. 82(2) rep . in pt.
S. 103( 4)(4A ) am.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 214(5)(6) rep ....
...
Ss . 214(7) , (8) proviso,
222(5) rep .
S. 222(6) appl . ... ...
S. 222(10) rep.
... ...
S. 222( 11 ) am.
S. 225( 1 )(2) rep .......
S. 227(2) subst. ( 1.4.1974 )
S. 235(1) am.
S. 238(3) rep. in pt....
S. 295(6) rep. ( 1.4.1974 )
Deer (Scotland) Act 1959 S. 1(4 )( a) replaced
Sch. 2 para. 11 am.
(16.5.1975) .
c .44 ... Fire Services Act 1959 ...
c. 45
... Metropolitan Magis-
trates' Courts Act 1959.
c. 51 ...
Licensing (Scotland ) Act
1959.
S. 7(2) rep. ( prosp .)...
S. 3( 2) am. (prosp.)...
Ss. 1-5 subst. ( prosp.)
S. 6 am. (prosp . )
...
...
S. 6 rep. in pt . (prosp.) ...
65, SS. 134 ( 2 ),
237( 1), sch. 15
para. 24, sch .
29.
65, s. 134(2), sch .
15 para. 29( b).
64, s . 5(1), sch. 2
para. 5(1 )( d) .
26, s . 22( 8) .
26, s . 86, sch . 3.
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 70.
26, ss . 22(8), 86,
sch . 3 .
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
26, s . 22(7 )(b).
26 , s . 86, sch. 3.
26, s . 22(7 ).
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 71.
26, ss . 20(10) , 25.
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
37, s.40(3), sch. 9.
54, s . 1 (1)( b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 4 .
65, s . 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
143.
65 , ss. 147( 8),
237(1), sch. 29.
62, s. 56(1), sch. 5
para. 10.
65, s. 185.
65, s . 186(2) , sch .
24 para. 1.
65, ss. 186(2),
237( 1 ), sch . 24
para. 1 , sch.
29.
S. 11 rep, (prosp.)...
65 , SS. 186 ( 2 ),
237(1) , sch. 24
para. 2, sch.
29.
S. 13 rep . in pt. (prosp. ) ... 65, ss . 186(2),
237(1), sch. 24
para, 3, sch.
29.
S. 14 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 186(2), sch.
Ss. 15, 16 rep. (prosp . ) .
24para. 4.
...
65,
ss. 186( 2),
237( 1), sch. 24
para. 5, sch.
29 .
clvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c. 51-cont. Licensing (Scotland) Act
1959 -cont.
S. 17 am. ( prosp.)...
S. 18( 2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, s. 186(2), sch.
24 para. 6.
65, ss. 186( 2),
237( 1), sch. 24
para. 7, sch.
29.
S. 20 subst. ( prosp . )
S. 21 subst. ( prosp. )
S. 28 subst. ( prosp. )
...
65, s . 186(2 ) , sch .
24para. 8.
...
65, s . 186 (2), sch
24рага. 9.
...
65, s. 186( 2), sch.
24para. 10.
S. 29(1 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65, ss. 186( 2 ),
237( 1), sch. 24
para. 11 , sch.
29.
S. 31 subst. ( prosp . )
...
65, s . 186(2), sch .
24 , para. 12.
S. 41 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s . 186(2), sch.
24 para. 13.
S. 60 saved (prosp.)
S. 114(1) rep. ( prosp. )
65, s. 91( 6 ) .
..
...
65, ss. 186(2 ),
237(1 ), sch. 24
para. 14, sch.
29.
S. 120 definitions of
65, s. 186( 2), sch.
66 area " local auth-
ority, " parish " am.
24 para. 15.
( prosp. ).
S. 168( 1) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 186( 2),
( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch. 24
para. 16, sch.
29.
am. ( prosp . )...
65, s. 186( 2), sch.
24 para. 16.
S. 169(3)(c) am. (prosp.) ...
65, s. 186( 2 ), sch.
24 para. 17.
S. 169( 4 ) rep. in pt.
65, SS. 186 ( 2),
( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch. 24
para. 17, sch.
29 .
S. 169(5) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 186(2 ), sch.
24 para. 17.
S. 171 (1)(b)(c ) replaced
65, s. 186( 2 ), sch.
( prosp.), (3) am. (prosp.) .
24 para. 18.
S. 175(1 ) rep. in pt.
65, ss. 186(2),
( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch . 24
para. 19, sch.
29.
S. 195 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss . 186( 2 ),
237(1), sch. 24
para. 20, sch.
29.
S. 199(1) definitions of
65, SS. 186 ( 2 ) ,
burgh licensing
237( 1), sch. 2
court " county
,
para. 21 , sch.licensing court ", rep .
Effect ofLegislation clvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c. 51-cont. ... Licensing ( Scotland ) Act
1959 -cont.
29.
c. 56
c. 65
c. 68
c. 69
c. 70
c. 72
( prosp. ) . licensing
court" rep. in pt.
( prosp . ) .
"
licensing licensing
"
"
area district "
65, s. 186( 2) , sch.
24 para. 21 .
am. ( prosp. )
Sch. 1 subst. ( prosp . )
...
65, s. 186( 2) , sch.
24 para. 22.
Sch. 2 am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 186(2) , sch .
24 para. 23.
Schs. 2, 3 rep. in pt. 65, ss. 186(2 ),
( prosp. ). 237(1 ), sch. 24
para . 23, sch.
29.
... Rights of Light Act 1959 Ss. 6 rep. , 8( 4) rep. in pt.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt . I.
Fatal Accidents Act 1959 S.
2(2) definition of
38 , s . 100 (2)(a),
" benefit " am. ( prosp . ).
sch . 27 para.
20.
... Statute Law Revision Act
S. 3 rep. ...... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
1959.
Pt. I.
... Wages Councils Act 1959
S. 14(1)(a) am. (prosp. ) ... 38, s . 100(2)(a)
sch . 27. para,
21 .
Town and Country Plan-
Pt. II (ss. 23-30) ext.
65, ss. 73(1), 74
ning (Scotland) Act
( 1).
1959.
S. 27( 4) subst. (prosp. ),
65, s. 184, sch. 23
( 5)(c) am. (prosp.).
para. 4.
Ss. 28, 29(2) rep. ( prosp.)
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
S. 38( 1 )(b) am. (temp. ) ...
Sch. 4 paras. 1 , 2 am.
56, s. 64( 3).
65, s. 184, sch . 23
( prosp. ) , 3, 4 subst.
para. 5.
( prosp. ).
..
Mental Health Act 1959 S. 3( 1) am. ( prosp. )...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 83.
Ss. 14-18 functions of
32, s. 41(1).
local authorities trans .
to Secretary of State
( prosp. ).
S. 14(3) am. (prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 84.
Ss. 14 (3) rep. in pt.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp.), (4)(5), 16(3)
rep. (prosp. ).
S. 17(1 ) am. (prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 85.
S. 17(1) rep . in pt. ( prosp. ),
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( 5 ) rep. (prosp.).
S. 28(2) am. ( prosp.)
...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 86.
S. 37(2) am. ( prosp.)
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 87.
S. 37(2)(a) rep. in pt. 32 , s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp .).
clviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c. 72 -cont.
Mental Health Act 1959
-cont.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2:
c. 9
c. 16 ...
S. 47( 3 )(4) am. (prosp. ) ...
Ss. 49(4) (d) am. (prosp.),
51 saved (prosp.).
S. 56(2)(d) rep. (prosp. )...
S. 56(3) am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 59(1) definition of " the
managers
am. (prosp. ). para. (a )
S. 62(1) am. (prosp.)
S. 62(2) (3 ) ext . (prosp.) ...
S. 72( 4) am. (prosp.)
...
Ss. 97, 98 rep. (prosp. )
S. 127(2) rep . (prosp. )
S. 128(1 )(b) am. ( prosp. )
S. 132 am . (prosp . )
...
S. 133( 2) am. (prosp.)
Ss. 133(2), 135( 6 ) rep. in
pt. ( prosp. ).
S. 147(1 ) definitions of
"hospital " . " mental
welfare officer " ,
66 special hospital " am.
( prosp . ) .
Ss. 151 rep. , 152 rep. in
pt.
Sch. 7 Pt. I rep. in pt.
rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
Judicial Pensions Act Ss. 1, 2( 2) rep. (except
1959. pensions payable under
Judges' Pensions (S.)
Act 1808) .
Ss. 4, 6 ext . , 4(2 ) am.
Schs. 1 , 2 rep. in pt.
Road Traffic Act 1960... S. 121( 4)(b)(c) am.
( prosp. ) .
S. 121( 4) rep. in
( S.)
pt.
( prosp.).
S. 135(2) am. ( prosp.)...
S. 135(7) am. (prosp. )
S. 136(2) am. (prosp.)
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 88.
29, s. 1 (8) .
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 89.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 90.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 91.
62, s. 3(7) .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 91.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
29, s . 9(1 ), sch. 3
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 92.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 93.
32, s . 57, sch . 4
para. 94.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 95.
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
14, s. 21( 2) , sch .
2.
62, s. 56(2), sch .
6 .
15, ss. 19( 1), 21
( 2 ), sch. 4 para.
4, sch. 5 Pt. V.
15, s. 11 , sch. 4
para. 4(2) . 15 ,
SS.
19 ( 1), 21
( 2 ), sch. 4para.
4, sch. 5 Pt. V.
65, s. 150 ( 1 ), sch
18 para. 30.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s. 150(1 ), sch .
18 para. 31 .
65, s . 150(1 ) , sch.
18 para. 32.
65, s. 150(1 ), sch .
18 para. 33.
Effect ofLegislation clix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Eliz . 2:
c. 16 -cont.
Road Traffic Act 1960
-cont.
с. 22
.. Horticulture Act 1960
с. 23
с. 31
S. 143(2)(a)(3)
( prosp. ).
S. 144 excl . ( temp. )
S. 149(5) am. (prosp.)
am.
65, s . 150( 1 ) , sch .
para. 34.
..
67, s . 4(2) (b) .
65, s . 150( 1 ) , sch .
18 para. 35 .
S. 150( 1 ) rep . in pt.
S. 156(4) am. (prosp.)
... 39,
S.L. peals ). (Re-
..
65, s. 150(1 ), sch.
18para. 36.
S. 257(1 ) definition of
65, s . 133( 1 ) , sch .
" highway authority
14para. 53.
am. ( prosp. ).
Ss. 3 rep. in pt. , 8(3)( 4),
9-12 гер .
S. 13 (1) am.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, s. 1 (2) , sch . 2
para. 4(1).
S. 13(2) rep . in pt .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ss . 13(2) (3) , 14 am.
39, s. 1 (2), sch . 2
para. 4(2)(3).
S. 15(2) ( b) rep. in pt.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 15(6) subst.
39, s. 1 (2), sch. 2
Ss. 16, 17(1) rep . , (3 ) rep .
para. 4( 4 ).
39, S.L. (Re-
in pt. , 18 definitions of
peals ).
66
" the Council ", pre-
parations for market ",
19 rep . , sch. 1 para. 1
rep. in pt. , sch. 2 rep .
S. 1 (3A) para. (b) am.
( prosp. ).
S. 5 definition of " High-
lands and Islands "-
am. (prosp.)
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
с. 34
..
c. 37
.. ...
FirstOffenders ( Scotland)
Act 1960.
Highlands and Islands
Shipping Services Act
1960.
62, s . 56(1 ) , sch . 5
para. 11.
65, s . 154(1 ) , sch.
19 para. 14.
65 , SS. 154 ( 1 ),
237(1 ), sch . 19
para. 14, sch .
29.
Sch. subst. ( prosp. )
Radioactive Substances S. 14(1) am. ( prosp. )
Act 1960.
65, s. 154(1), sch .
19 para. 15.
32, ss . 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch . 4 para.
96.
rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
( 6 ), sch . 4 para.
96, sch. 5.
S. 20 definition of " local
authority 1975) .
am. (16.5 .
S. 21 ( 5) rep .
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
144 .
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Payment of Wages Act Ss. 8 rep. , 9( 4) rep. in pt.
1960.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch . para. 12 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt . I.
clx Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Eliz 2 :
-cont.
c . 39
c . 44
c . 46... ...
c.48... ...
c.49
c. 54
c. 56
c. 57
c. 58
...
DockWorkers (Pensions)
Act 1960.
Finance Act 1960
Rep. ( prosp. )
...
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
... Ss. 73(9), 74(8) rep....
Ss. 3 rep. , 4( 3) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41 ( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Corporate Bodies' Con-
tracts Act 1960 .
Matrimonial Proceedings
( Magistrates ' Courts )
Act 1960.
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Excl. 18, s. 4(1) .
S. 2(1 )(a) excl . 18, s. 18( 3).
S. 4( 2) am. ( prosp.), and rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
29, s. 8.
Public Health Laboratory S. 5( 2 ) am.( prosp . )
... 32, s. 57, sch. 4
Service Act 1960.
para. 97.
Sch. paras. 2, 3( b) am. 32 , s. 57 , sch. 4
( prosp.), (d ) subst.
( prosp. ). para. 98.
Clean Rivers ( Estuaries S. 1( 6 )( c ) rep. ( 1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch.
and Tidal Waters) Act
9.
1960.
Statute Law Revision Act
S. 2 rep.... ... ...
1960.
36, s. 41 (1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
Films Act 1960 ... ...
S. 50 (1) definition of
" Commonwealth
country " -
rep. inpt.... ...
am .( retrosp. )...
48, s. 4( 2), sch. 4.
49, s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 9.
S. 52(3) rep. , ( 4) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
pt.
Pt. I.
.. Charities Act 1960 ... S. 2 rep. (1.2.1974)
... 16, s . 1 (1)(a)(4)
( 5 ), sch. 2 Pts .
II, III .
Ss. 3( 8) rep. (1.2.1974),
16, s. 1 (4)( 5), sch.
4( 8 ) rep in pt .
2 Pt. III .
( 1.2.1974 ).
S. 4(10) rep.... ...
16, s. 1( 4), sch . 2
Pt. I.
Ss. 10 ( 6 ) rep. in pt.
16, s . 1(4)(5), sch.
( 1.2.1974), 18(13) ,
2 Pt. III .
19( 9), 20 (11), 22(12 )
rep . (1.2.1974 ) .
S. 29 excl .
...
S. 38(1)(2) rep .
..
S. 38(5) rep. in pt.
..
S. 39(1 ) rep . ... ...
S. 43(1) subst . , ( 3) am....
S. 44(1 )(b), (2 ) rep. in pt.
( 1.2.1974 ).
S. 44( 3) rep.
.. ...
S. 47 rep .
..
S. 48( 2) rep .
...
11, s. 1 ( 7 ).
16 , s. 1( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
16, s. 1 ( 4) , sch. 2
Pt. I.
16 , s. 1 ( 3), sch. 1
para. 1(1).
16, s. 1( 4)(5), sch.
2Pt. III.
16, s. 1 ( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
36 , s. 41( 1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
16, s. 1( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation clxi
Session and
Chap. orNo.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
Charities Act 1960 -cont.
S. 49(2 )(a) rep. in pt....
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 49( 3), sch . 1 paras. 1 (6 ), 16, s. 1( 4 ), sch. 2
2 ( 3) гер. Pt. I.
Sch. 4 para. 1 (b) am. ... 16, s. 2 ( 7 ).
Schs. 5 rep. , 6 rep. in pt. 16, s. 1( 4 ), sch. 2
Pt. I.
Sch . 6 гер. in pt. 16 , s. 1 (4)(5), sch .
(1.2.1974 ). 2Pt. III.
Sch. 7 rep .
... ... 16 , s. 1( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
c. 61... ... Mental Health ( Scotland) S. 47 saved ( prosp.)
...
29 , s. 10 ( 7 ) .
Act 1960.
Ss. 115 rep. , 116 rep. in 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
pt .
Pt. I.
Sch. 4 rep. in pt....
39, S.L. peals ). (Re-
c. 62 ...... Caravan Sites andControl
of Development Act
1960
S. 27 rep. (S.) (prosp . )... S. 32(1)(h)(iii ) subst.
( prosp.), (k ) (i)
am.
( prosp. )
S. 32(5) rep. (prosp . )...
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 2.
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
c . 64... ... Building Societies Act
S. 75 rep.... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
1960
Pt . I.
c. 65... Administration of Justice
S. 18(2 ) rep .... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Act 1960
Pt . I.
c. 66... ... Professions Supplemen- S. 14( 2 ) rep. in pt....
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
tary to Medicine Act
Pt. I.
1960
c . 67... ... Public Bodies ( Admission S. 1 ext. (E.)
... ...
37, s . 2( 8), sch . 3
to Meetings) Act 1960
para. 14(2)( 3).
ext. (S.) (prosp.)...
65, s. 44(2)(3).
S. 2(1) saved ( E.)...
37, s. 2(8), sch. 3
para. 14( 2).
saved (S.) (prosp.)
65, s. 44(2) .
Sch. para. 1(c ) subst....
37, s . 2( 8) , sch. 3
para. 14 (1).
( prosp. ) para . 1 (f) subst.
32 , s. 57, sch. 4
para. 99.
para. 1 ( g ) rep .
( prosp. ) 32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 99, sch. 5.
para. 2( c) am. (16.5.
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
1975 )
27 Pt. II para.
145 .
c. 68...
Noise Abatement Act S. 1(5)(a) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s . 214(2), sch.
1960
27 Pt. II para.
146 .
S. 2( 5 )(b) am. (16.5.1975) 65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II parа.
147 .
S. 4 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
148.
Part III
Z
clxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz . 2 :
c . 3
Administration of Justice S. 2 rep. ( prosp.)
( Judges and Pensions)
Act 1960
c . 11
Diplomatic Immunities S. 1 ( 5) am.
( Conferences with
Commonwealth
Countries and Republic
of Ireland) Act 1961
c .14...
Nurses ( Amendment ) Act
1961
с . 15
Post Office Act 1961
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch 5 Pt II .
с . 19
27, s . 4(3), sch. 2
para. 1.
am. (retrosp . ) 49, s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 4.
rep. in pt. 48, s. 4( 2), sch. 4.
Ss. 13 rep., 15 ( 3) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
pt.
Pt. I.
... Ss. 2( 4), 27(1 ) rep....
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. II.
National Health Service S. 1( 4) am. ( E.) (prosp.)
32, s . 57, sch. 4
Act 1961
para. 100.
S. 3(1) definition of " the
32, s. 57, sch. 4
relevant time " am. ( E.)
para. 101 .
( prosp .)
c . 23 Republic of South Africa Rep.
...
( Temporary Provi-
sions) Act 1961
c. 27 c . 32 Carriage by Air Act 1961 S. 11 ( c) am. c. 29... Rural Water Supplies and Rep. (1.4.1974)
Sewerage Act 1961 Local Authorities ( Ex- Rep. ( prosp.)
penditure on Special 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
52, s . 23(1), sch. 4
Pt. II .
37, s. 40(3) , sch.
9.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
Purposes) (Scotland)
Act 1961
c . 33 Land Compensation Act Ext. 26 , s. 72(5).
1961
S. 5 rules ( 2) -(4) appl.... 26, ss. 4( 4)( b), 35
( 7 )(c ) .
appl. ( mod.)
47, s. 22(5), sch .
para. 4.
Ss. 6, 7 excl .
mod.
S. 11 ext .
26, s . 6( 3).
26, s. 51(2) .
64, s. 5(1), sch . 2
para. 5(1 )(e) .
S. 30 rep .
S. 31 excl .
saved
26, s . 86, sch. 3
26 , s. 54 ( 4).
64 , s. 6( 4 ), sch. 4
S. 32 appl....
para. 3 (3)(b) .
26 , ss. 18( 1), 36
(6 ), 37( 6 ), 63
( 1 ).
c . 34... ... Factories Act 1961 ...
Sch. 2 para. 2 excl ....
S. 46(6) am. ( prosp. )
S. 47 ( 1) rep. in pt. ( S. )
( prosp. )
S. 94( 3) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
26, s . 73( 4).
65, s. 155(2) .
65, ss. 155( 3), 237
( 1 ), sch. 29.
65, ss. 155( 4), 237
( 1 ), sch. 29.
am. ( prosp. )
S. 119A ( 2 ) para. ( a)
subst. ( prosp. )
S. 153(3) rep . in pt. (S. )
( prosp. )
S. 167 rep. in pt....
65, s . 155( 4) .
50 , s. 14 (1), sch. 3
para. 6.
65, ss. 155( 5), 237
( 1 ), sch. 29.
16, s. 1( 4), sch . 2
Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation clxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2:
c . 34 -cont.
Factories Act 1961-cont.
S. 176(1 ) definition of 65, s. 155(1) .
" district council " am.
( prosp. )
S. 181(3) rep . ( prosp . )...
S. 182(2) rep . ( prosp . )...
c. 36
... Finance Act 1961
S. 182( 9) am. (prosp. )
S. 9 cont. until 31.8.1974
S. 9(9) rep. in pt.
...
S. 34 am. (retrosp .)
...
c. 37
... Small Estates ( Repre-
sentation) Act 1961
c. 39
Criminal Justice Act... ...
1961
S. 3( 5) rep. in pt .
S. 2(2) rep . (prosp . )
...
S. 4 ext. (prosp.)
S. 5( 5) am. ( prosp . )
S. 9 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 26 expld. (prosp . )
S. 26( 4) excl . ( prosp .)
S. 38(3)(c ) rep . in pt.
S. 39(1 ) definition of " the
statutory restrictions
upon imprisonment of
young offenders " am.
( prosp.)
S. 40(1) rep.... ...
65, ss . 155(6), 237
( 1), sch. 29.
65, ss. 155(7) , 237
(1), sch. 29.
65, s . 155(7 ) .
51, s. 3.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II .
51, s. 54, sch. 21
para. 3.
36, s . 41 ( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
62, s . 56(2) , sch.
6.
62, s . 23 (5) .
62, s . 56( 1 ), sch . 5
para. 12.
62, s . 56(2), sch .
6.
62, s . 29( 6 ) .
62, s . 29(7) .
S.I. No. 2163 .
62, s . 56(1), sch. 5
para. 13.
c . 40...
c . 41...
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Consumer Protection Act S. 6( 3)( b) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 214( 2) ,
1961. ( prosp. ). 237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
149, sch. 29.
Sch . para. 7 am. (16.5 . 65, s. 214(2), sch .
1975 ) .
27 Pt. II para.
150.
65, s . 137(1).
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
c.43
... ...
c .48
...
Flood Protection (Scot- S. 1(2 ) subst. ( prosp. )
..
land ) Act 1961 .
Ss. 5, 11 (5), 15( 1) defini-
tion of " burgh " rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 15( 1 ) definitions of
" local authority " and
area " replaced (16.5 .
"
1975), sewer " subst.
( 16.5.1975), "water
main" am. (16.5.1975 ) .
Public Authorities ( Allow-
ances) Act 1961 .
Land Drainage Act 1961
S. 2 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 1 replaced... ...
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
151.
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch .
29 .
37, s. 19( 4), sch. 5
para. 12(1).
37, s. 19( 8) .
Ss. 1 , 1A Power to rep.
( water authority area )
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 3(1) am. (1.4.1974 ),
(1A ) added (1.4.1974 ),
( 5 ) am. (1.4.1974) .
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 72.
Part III
Z2
clxiv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2:
c. 48-cont.
Land Drainage Act 1961
-cont.
S. 3(6 ) rep . (1.4.1974 )...
S. 19(1) saved... ...
Ss. 28, 31, 34 excl ....
S. 34(1) am. (1.4.1974 ),
(1A ) (1B ) added (1.4.
1974 ) .
S. 34(2B)-(2E) added...
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 2( 7), sch. 2
para. 2(1).
64, s. 5( 2), sch. 3
para. 2(1) ( 2).
37, s. 40( 2), sch . 8
para. 73.
S. 34(6 )(10) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 40( 1) am. (1.4.1974) ...
S. 43 am. (1.4.1974)
...
c. 50... ...
c. 62
Rivers ( Prevention of
Pollution ) Act 1961 .
Trustee Investments Act
1961.
37, s. 19( 5), sch . 5
para. 22( 4) .
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9 .
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 74.
37, s. 40( 2) , sch . 8
para. 75.
37, s .
40 ( 3 ), sch.
9.
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
S.I. No. 1332.
c .64
Public Health Act 1961 S. 50, sch . 1 paras .4,20 ( 4 )
4 ,
24 гер . (1.4.1974).
S. 13( 2 ) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ).
Sch. 1 Pt. II para. 9( g)
added.
Pt. II para. 10 am.
Pt. II para. 10
Power to am.
Ss. 12-14 am. (1.4.1974)
S. 15 rep . (1.4.1974)...
S.I. No. 1393 .
51 , s. 58(1 ).
37, s. 14( 2).
37, s. 40(3) , sch.
9.
37, s. 14 ( 2 ).
Pt. V (ss. 55-71) am.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 65 rep . (1.4.1974 )
...
Sch. 2 am. (1.4.1974 )
Sch. 2 para. 8 am .
( 1.4.1974 ).
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9 .
37, s. 14 ( 2 ).
37, s . 40(2), sch . 8
para. 76.
C.A.M. No. 3 ... Clergy Pensions Measure Ss. 1 ( 4 ), 37( 2) rep. in pt. 38, s. 100(2 )(b),
1961.
( prosp. ).
sch . 28 Pt. I.
10 & 11 Eliz. 2:
c. 9...
Local Government Ss. 1, 11 rep. ( prosp. )
( Financial Provisions
etc.) (Scotland) Act
1962.
c. 12 Education Act 1962
... ... 65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
... S. 2(1) excl .
S. 9(5) proviso am .
( prosp. ).
16, s. 4 ( 1) .
38 , s . 100( 2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
22.
с. 21 Commonwealth Immi- S. 20 rep.
grants Act 1962.
45, s. 17( 2 ) , sch.
6.
S. 20( 3 ) гер . 36 , s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
с . 23 South Africa Act 1962 S. 3 (3) rep .... 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
с. 27 Recorded Delivery Ser- S. 3(2 ) rep. 36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
vice Act 1962. Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation clxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. 30
...
c. 33
c. 37... ...
c. 38
с . 44
c. 46
...
c. 47
Part III
Northern Ireland Act Ss. 1 (8), 2(3) rep .
...
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
1962.
S. 7 am. (prosp.)
Pt . I.
38, s . 86(6 ) .
S. 7(11) rep .
... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 8 am. (prosp. )
36, s. 10 ( 4 ).
S. 8(1 ) rep. in pt.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II .
Ss. 12-18, 19(1 ) rep .
36, s. 41 ( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 19( 2 ) rep . ... 36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. II.
Ss . 20, 21 , 22(1 ) rep.... 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Health Visiting and
Social Work (Training)
Act1962. S. 29(1) definition of" the
Attorney General " rep.
S. 7(5) rep .
... Sch . 1 para. 3( a) am.
( prosp. ), (c ) subst.
( prosp. ). para. 3 (d)(e) rep.
( prosp. ).
36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. II.
36 , s. 41 ( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
102 (1)(2 ) .
32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
102( 3) , sch . 5.
para. 3 ( f) subst. 32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
( prosp .).
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
102 (3 ).
para. 3(g) ( h) rep. 32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( prosp. ). ( 6 ), sch . 4para.
102(3) , sch . 5.
paras. 5( b), 10 32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
am. ( prosp. ).
( 6 ), sch . 4para.
102 ( 4).
S.I. No. 152.
Building Societies Act Sch. 3 paras . 9( 1)(c )
1962. subst. , 12 added.
Sch. 5 para. 1 (2)(b) am.
( 16.5.1975 ) .
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para .
152.
Town and Country Plan- S. 138(1)(b) am. ( temp. ) ... 26, s. 68( 3).
ning Act 1962.
Finance Act 1962 ... S. 2 rep . ...
S. 28(6 ) rep .
... 51, s. 59(7) , sch .
22Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 338.
... Transport Act 1962...
Ss. 29 rep. , 30, 39 rep. in pt.
S. 41 (2) , (4)(a) rep.
...
S. 85 (2) (3 ) rep .
S. 93( 2) rep .
51 , s. 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. V.
S.I. No. 338 .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 Pt. III rep .
S.I. No. 338 .
Education (Scotland ) Act S. 1( 2 ) am. (as originally
59, s . 1 (1).
1962. enacted) (retrosp.).
S. 4(c) excl . ( prosp. )
S. 6(3) am. ( prosp .)...
...
65, s. 125(3)(c).
65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 1.
Z3
clxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Eliz. 2: Education (Scotland) Act
c. 47 -cont. 1962 -cont.
c. 51... ...
S. 125(6 ) (b)(d)
am.
( prosp. ).
S. 137 rep . (prosp.)
...
S. 145( 15) rep . ( prosp. )
S. 145(16)(a)- (c) replaced
( prosp.), (41AA) added
( prosp. ).
Licensing (Scotland ) Act Sch. 1 am. (prosp . )
...
1962.
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 12(1 ) am. (prosp.)... 65, s. 163( 4), sch.
21 para. 11
( b )(c ) .
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 163( 4),
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 11 ( a )
sch. 29.
S. 13 rep . in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 129, 237
(1), sch. 11
para. 2, sch. 29.
S. 18(5) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 3.
S. 20(1A) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 129, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1) , sch. 11
para. 4, sch . 29.
S. 20( 1A ) para. ( b) am.
65, s. 129, sch. 11
( prosp. ).
para. 4.
S. 23 rep . ( prosp. )... 65, ss. 129, 237
( 1) , sch. 11
para. 5, sch. 29.
S. 25(1 )(c) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 129, 237
( prosp. ) , ( 2 ) rep.
( 1) , sch. 11
( prosp. ).
para. 6, sch . 29.
S. 66(7) proviso rep. 65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ). 29.
S. 71 am. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 7.
S. 76( 1 ) am. (retrosp.)
S. 85(2) am. (prosp. ) S. 85( 4) rep . in pt. (prosp. )
... 59, s. 1 ( 2 ) .
...
65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 8.
65, ss. 129, 237
( 1), sch. 11
para. 8, sch . 29.
S. 86 excl . ( prosp.)
S. 86(1 ) am. (prosp. )
65, s. 64( 4)(5) .
...
...
65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 9.
S. 86(1) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 129, 237
( prosp. ), ( 2) rep.
( 1 ) sch. 11
( prosp. ).
para. 9, sch . 29.
Ss. 88-91 rep . (prosp. )
...
65, ss. 129, 237
( 1), sch. 11
para. 10, sch.
29.
65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 11.
24, s . 3( 3), sch . 2.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
65, s. 129, sch. 11
para. 12.
65, s. 186( 2) , sch .
24рага. 24.
65, ss. 186(2),
237(1 ), sch . 24
para 24, sch.
29.
Effect of Legislation clxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Eliz. 2 :
-cont.
c. 58
1963:
c. 2
c. 5
c. 9
c . 11
c. 12
Pipe- lines Act 1962 Ext ... 64, s. 5(1 ), sch. 2
para. 5(1)( f)
( 2) .
Betting, Gaming and Sch. 1 para. 1( b ) rep. in 65, ss. 187, 237
Lotteries Act 1963 .
pt. ( prosp. ).
( 1), sch. 24,
para. 25(1), sch
29.
para . 2 definition
65, s. 187, sch. 24
of " appropriate local
para. 25( 2 ).
authority "
para. (b)
subst. ( prosp. ).
Sch. 2 para. 1 (1)(b) am.
( prosp.).
paras . 1 (2)-(4), (6 ),
2, 3 rep. ( prosp.).
Sch. 3 para. 1 am. ( S. )
( prosp. ) .
para. 2 ( b ) rep. in
pt. (S.) (prosp. ).
paras . 5( 2)(b) am .
( prosp. ), 6(3) subst.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 6 para. 2 rep.
( prosp . ).
County Courts ( Juris-
diction) Act 1963 .
Purchase Tax Act 1963 ...
Agriculture Miscel-
laneous Provisions)
Act 1963 .
65, s. 187, sch. 24
para. 26.
65, ss. 187, 237
( 1 ) , sch. 24
para. 26, sch.
29.
65, s. 187, sch . 24
para. 27(1) .
65, ss. 187, 237
sch. 24
( 1), para. 27(1), sch .
29.
65, s . 187, sch.
24 para. 27( 2)
( 3 ).
65, ss. 187, 237
( 1), sch. 24
para . 28, sch.
29 .
65, s. 187, sch . 24
para. 29.
15, s . 19(1), sch. 5
Pt. III .
36 , s. 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. II.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Local Government
( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1963.
Sch. 7 para. 1 (2)( b ) subst. ( prosp.).
Rep.
...
S. 37 rep.
Ss. 11 rep. , 12(1) -( 3),
16 ( 4 ) rep. in pt. , ( 7 )
rep. , (8) rep. in pt. , 18,
28 rep . 29(3)( 4) rep. in
pt . , sch. rep.
Ss. 1, 2, 4, 5 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 7( 4) am. (prosp.)
...
Ss. 7( 5) , 8 rep. (prosp. )
S. 9(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 9(2) rep . (prosp. )
S. 9(3) am. (prosp.), ( 3A )
added ( prosp.), (4) am.
( prosp. ).
65, s. 237( 1), sch.
29.
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 53.
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 54( a) .
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 54(b)-(d).
Part III Z4
clxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1963 :
c. 12 -cont. Local Government S. 9( 4 ) rep. in pt. , ( prosp.) 65, ss. 122, 237
( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland) Act 1963
-cont. S. 9(6 ) am. ( prosp . )...
S. 9( 7 ) rep. ( prosp. )...
S. 16 rep. (prosp. )...
S. 19( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 20( 2) rep . (prosp.)
...
S. 21(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 21( 2) rep . (prosp . )
...
S. 21(3) subst . ( prosp.) ...
S. 26( 2) definition of
" local authority " am.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 1 rep. ( prosp . )...
( 1), sch. 9 para.
54 ( d ), sch . 29.
65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 54( e) .
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
54 (f), sch. 29.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
55, sch. 29.
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9para.
56 , sch. 29.
65, s. 122 sch . 9
para. 57( a) .
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1 ), sch . 9 para.
57( b), sch. 29.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 57(c) .
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 58.
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
c . 13
Nursing Homes Act 1963 S. 1( 1)( 2) rep. in pt. 32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp. ).
S. 1 ( 2) ( 3) ext. ( prosp . )
32, s. 41( 3) .
c . 18... ... Stock Transfer Act 1963
S. 5( 3) rep....
... ...
36 , s. 41( 1), sch. 6
c. 21 ... ... Education (Scotland ) Act
1963 . S. 4 rep. ( prosp. )
Pt. I.
...
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch.
29.
c . 24 ... British MuseumAct 1963
Sch. 3 Pt. I paras. 2-5, 7 S.I. No. 1126.
rep.
c. 25.. ... Finance Act 1963... Ss. 3, 4(1)(3) rep .... 51 , s. 59(7) , sch.
22Pt. I.
Ss. 57(1) rep . in pt. , 58(2)
51, s. 59( 7), sch .
rep. , 59( 1 )(2) , 62( 4)(6)
22 Pt. V.
rep. in pt.
Sch. 1 rep.
... ...
51 , s . 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. I.
c . 30... Statute Law Revision Act
1963.
c . 31... Weights and Measures
Act 1963. S. 2 rep. ... ... 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 4(1) rep. in pt. (S.)
( prosp. ). 65, s. 237( 1), sch .
29.
S. 4(2) am. (S.) ( prosp.) ... 65, s. 209(1), sch .
25 para. 29.
rep. in pt. ( S.)
( prosp. ).
65, ss. 209(1),
237(1), sch . 25
para. 29, sch.
29.
S. 5( 1) rep. in pt. (S.) 65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ).
29 .
Effect ofLegislation clxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1963:
c. 31 -cont.
Weights and Measures
Act 1963-cont. S. 5(3) rep. in pt. (S.) 65, ss. 209(1),
( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch . 25
para. 30, sch.
29 .
S. 36 subst. ( prosp. )
S. 37 rep. (S.) ( prosp.)
65, s. 149(1).
...
...
65 , SS . 149 ( 2) ,
237( 1), sch. 29.
ext.... 41, s. 27.
S. 39(5) am. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 149( 3) .
S. 40(2) rep . ( prosp.)... 65 , ss. 149( 4),
237(1) , sch . 29.
S. 41 excl. (S.) ( prosp. ) ... 65, s. 64( 4)( 5).
S. 41 (1 )(2) rep. in pt. ( S.) 65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
( prosp.). 29 .
S. 44(1) rep. in pt. (S.) 65, ss . 209(1),
( prosp. ).
237( 1), sch. 25
para. 31, sch.
29.
S. 47 rep. ( prosp. )...
65, ss. 149( 4
237 ( 1), sch . 29.
65, s. 149( 5) .
c. 33 ... ...
Sch. 6 para. 5( 2 ) am. (S.)
( prosp.), proviso added
( S.) ( prosp.).
Sch. 10 paras. 3-6, 11
rep .
London GovernmentAct S. 32(1 ) - (6 ) rep. ( prosp.)
1963.
S. 34 rep. ( prosp. )...
c. 36 ...... Deer Act 1963 ... ...
Ss. 35, 36, 37(1)(3)(4), 38,
39 rep . (1.4.1974 ) .
S. 45( 3) rep . (prosp.), (6 )
rep. in pt. (prosp. ).
S. 81 (1 ) -(8) rep. (saving),
( 10 ) гер .
Sch. 6 para. 58, sch . 8
paras. 12, 13 гер .
Sch. 9 Pts . I, II paras .
1-4, 7-10, 12-16, 19,
III paras . 4(3), 5, 7, 8,
10-12, sch. 10, sch. 14
paras. 5, 6 rep. (1.4.
1974 ).
Sch. 14 para. 8 am....
para. 9 rep.
( 1.4.1974), 10 rep. in
pt. (1.4.1974 ) .
paras. 11-14 ext.
para. 15(3) defi-
nitions of-
" London excluded
area " subst.
" watercourse " rep.
in pt. (1.4.1974) .
S. 11 am.... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 103, sch .
5.
50, s. 14( 2) , sch.
4 .
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9 .
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
16, s. 1( 4 ) , sch . 2
Pt . I.
26, s. 86, sch . 3.
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
37, s. 19( 5), sch. 5
para. 23 .
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s. 19(5), sch . 5
para. 21.
37, s. 19( 5), sch. 5
para. 23.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9 .
54, s. 1 (1)(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 5.
clxx Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
1963: -cont.
c. 37
c. 38
Children and Young
Persons Act 1963.
Water Resources Act
1963.
Ss. 30, 47, 58 ext. ( prosp. )
Ss. 1 (1), 3(1 )-(4)(6 )(7),
4-15, 16(1) rep. (1.4.
1974 ).
S. 16( 2 )(3) am. (1.4.1974 )
Ss . 18, 19(2), 21 (1)(2) rep .
( 1.4.1974), ( 3)(4), 22(3)
rep. in pt . (1.4.1974) .
S. 24( 10 ) added (1.4.1974)
Ss. 25( 4) rep. (1.4.1974),
( 7)(a), 32(5) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ), 33(3) rep.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 38( 2)(c) added (1.4.
1974 ).
Ss. 48(1) rep. in pt.
(1.4.1974 ), 57-59 rep.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 60 (1) subst. (1.4.1974 ),
( 2)(a)(6 ) am. (1.4.1974) .
Ss. 61, 62 rep. (1.4.1974 )
S. 63 saved
S. 63(1 ) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ) .
S. 63(8) (d)(9) am. (1.4.
1974 ).
Ss. 64(1 ) rep. (1.4.1974),
( 2 ) rep. in pt . (1.4.1974).
S.67 ext . ( 1.4.1974 )
Ss. 69( 2 ), 76( 3) rep. (1.4.
1974 ).
S. 79(4)(d) am. (1.4.1974)
Ss. 80 rep. (1.4.1974 ),
81( 2) rep . in pt. (1.4.
1974 ).
S. 82 am. (1.4.1974)...
Ss . 82(1 ) (c)(d) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974), 83-87,88(2) ,
89, 90, 92, 93, Pt. IX
( ss. 94-100), ss. 101-
104, 107( 3) rep . (1.4.
1974) , 108( 1 )(4) rep . in
pt. (1.4.1974 ), 110, 119
rep. (1.4.1974).
S. 120(1)(5) am. (1.4.1974 )
Ss. 121 rep. (1.4.1974),
123(1)(a) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ), 124, 125,
126(1) proviso para.
( a ) , 127 , 129 rep.
( 1.4.1974), 131 (6 )(7)
rep. in pt . (1.4.1974) .
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
29, s. 4 ( 4).
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 40 ( 2 ), sch . 8
para. 77.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s . 40(2), sch . 8
para. 78.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s. 40( 2), sch . 8
para. 79.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s. 40( 2), sch . 8
para. 80.
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 31( 6 )(c ).
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
para. 81.
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 20( 5).
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
37, s. 40( 2), sch . 8
para. 82.
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 83 .
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9.
37, s. 40 (2 ), sch. 8
para. 84.
37, s. 40 (3), sch.
9 .
Effect of Legislation clxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1963:
c. 38 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
c.41... ...
Water Resources Act S. 135(1) definitions of-
1963 -cont.
"additional members" ,
charging scheme ",
" constituent coun-
cil" , " first appointed
day ", " functions ",
" statutory water
undertakers "
( 1.4.1974 ) . rep.
" landdrainage " subst.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 135( 3) am. (1.4.1974 )
S. 136 (except subs. ( 4 ) ),
schs. 1-6, sch. 7 para.
14, schs. 11-14 rep.
( 1.4.1974 ) .
Offices, Shops and Rail-
way Premises Act 1963.
S. 52( 3) rep. in pt. (S.)
( prosp. ).
S. 62( 3) am. ( prosp. )
S. 84(2 ) rep. in pt.
am. (retrosp. )
S. 87 rep. ...
с.43... ... Animal Boarding Estab-
lishments Act 1963.
c . 44
... ...
Wills Act 1963... ...
c . 47
... ... Limitation Act 1963 ...
c. 51... ... Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1963 .
37, s. 40( 3) , sch.
9.
37, s . 40(2), sch. 8
para. 85.
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 86.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
65, ss. 156(2),
237(1 ), sch. 29.
... 65, s. 156( 3).
48, s. 4(2), sch. 4.
49, s. 1( 3), sch .
para. 3(1).
36 , s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 156(1 ).
S. 90(1) definition of
" local authority " am.
( prosp. ).
S. 91 (3) rep. in pt .
... 36, s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 1( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( S.) 65, ss. 209(1) ,
( prosp. ).
237(1), sch. 25
para. 32, sch.
29.
S. 3 ext . (1.4.1974 )
S. 5( 2) definition of
“ local authority " am.
( prosp. ).
S. 7( 5) rep. in pt.
60, s. 3( 3).
65, s. 188, sch. 24
para. 41.
1
36 , s. 410
41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Pt. II (ss . 8-13) rep.
...
52, s. 23( 2), sch. 5
Pt . II.
S. 14(2)(3) rep .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ext.
S. 12 ( 2) -( 4) appl.
56, s. 68( 5) .
56 , ss. 4( 4 )(b ),
32 ( 7)(c).
appl. (mod.) 47, s. 22( 5), sch.
para. 9.
Ss. 13, 14 excl .
... ... 56, s. 6( 3) .
mod .... ...
56, s. 47(2 ) .
S. 38 (except so far as
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
relating to land used
for purposes of agri-
culture ) rep.
S. 39 excl .
... ... 56, s. 50( 4).
clxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1963:
c. 51 -cont. Land Compensation
( Scotland) Act 1963
-cont. S.40 appl.
56 , ss. 16, 33(6 ) ,
34 (5) .
c. 56
Bahama Islands ( Con- Rep.
stitution ) Act 1963 .
27, s. 7( 2 ).
1964 :
с .14
... ...
Plant Varieties and Seeds Apptd. day for ss. 16-19,
Act 1964. 24-30, 32 (1.7.1973) .
Ss. 16(1) (except paras.
(a)(b)(d)(e)) , (1A), (6 ),
( 7) (except para. (a)),
( 8) ext. (N.I. ), 18(2),
28(3) , 30( 1 ) ext. in pt.
( N.I.) , (2)(3) ext. ( N.I.).
S. 39(1) rep. in pt.
...
S.I. No. 928 .
S.I. No. 609.
36 , s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 39( 5 ) am...
S.I. No. 2163.
c.16
Industrial Training Act Ss. 1-3 appl. (mod.) 50, s. 6( 3)( 4), sch .... ...
1964
2 Pt. III paras.
1-5, Pt. IV.
Ss . 1-7 Reprinted as am.
( prosp. ) .
S. 1(1 )(2 ) am.
50, s . 6( 1 ), sch . 2
Pt. II.
...
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 2(1)
( 2 ).
S. 1( 4 ) am.
...
50, s. 6(1) , sch. 2
Pt. I. paras. 1,
2 ( 3) .
S. 2(1) am. ( 3) subst.
( 4 )( b ) am. (d ) added
S. 2(1) ( f) rep . ( prosp. )
50, s. 6( 1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 3 .
50, ss . 6(1) , 14 (2),
sch. 2 Pt. I
para. 18( a),
sch. 4.
S. 2(5 )( 6 ) am.
...
50, s. 6(1 ), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 1.
S. 3( 1) rep. in pt.
...
50, ss . 6(1)(3),
14 ( 2 ), sch. 2Pt.
I para. 18(b),
Pt. III para.
1( c ), sch. 4 .
S. 3(1) ( 2 ) am. (prosp. ),
( 2A ) added
S. 4 restr. ( prosp .)
50, s. 6( 1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 4.
...
50, s. 6(3) , sch. 2
Pt. III paга.
1 ( d ).
S. 4(1) subst . ( prosp. )
...
50, s . 6( 1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 5(1).
S. 4 ( 2 ) am.
...
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I paras, 1 .
5( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation clxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 :
c. 16 -cont.
Industrial Training Act S. 4( 2A ) added (prosp.) ,
1964 -cont. ( 3 )( 4) am. ( prosp.)
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 5( 3)-
( 5 ).
Ss. 4A , 4B added
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 6.
S. 5 appl. ( mod. ) ( prosp. ) 50, s. 6( 3)(4), sch.
2Pt. III paras .
1, 6, Pt . IV.
S. 5(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 50, ss. 6(1 ), 14(2),
sch. 2 Pt. I
para. 18( c),
sch. 4.
am.
...
50, s . 6(1 ) , sch. 2
Pt. I paras . 1,
7 ( 1 ).
S. 5(1A ) added ( prosp. )
50, s . 6(1), sch. 2
S. 5( 2 ) am.... ...
Pt. I para. 7( 2 ).
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 1.
S. 5(3) rep. (prosp. ) ( 4) 50, ss. 6( 1)(3),
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 14 ( 2 ), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 18
( c ), Pt. III para.
1 , sch. 4.
S. 5( 5 ) am....
50, s . 6(1 ) , sch. 2
Pt. I para. 1 .
S. 6(1) rep . , ( 2)rep. in pt. | 50, ss . 6(1)(3),
14 ( 2 ), sch. 2
Pt. I para.
18( d ), Pt. III
S. 6( 3) am.
para. 1, sch. 4.
...
50, s . 6(1 ), sch . 2
Pt. I para. 8(1).
S. 6(6 )(7)(a) rep. in pt. 50, ss. 6(1)( 3) ,
14( 2), sch. 2
Pt. I para.
18( d ), Pt . III
para. 1( d), sch .
4 .
S. 6( 7 )(b ) am.
...
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 8 ( 2) .
S. 6A added
...
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 9.
S. 7 restr. ( prosp. )...
50, s. 6( 3), sch. 2
Pt. III para.
1 ( d ) .
S. 7(1) subst . , (1A ) – (1C ) 50, s. 6( 1), sch. 2
added , ( 2 ) am.
Pt. I para. 10.
S. 7( 2) am. ( prosp .)...
S. 8(1) am. ( prosp . )...
S. 8(3) am... ...
50, s. 6(1) , sch. 2
Pt. I para. 1 .
50, s. 6(1), sch . 2
Pt . I para.
11 ( 1 ).
50, s . 6(1), sch . 2Pt. I para. 1.
clxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1964:
c . 16 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Industrial Training Act S. 8( 4) am. (prosp. )
1964 -cont.
...
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I
para.
11( 2 ).
Ss. 9, 9A Reprinted as
am. ( prosp. )
S.9 appl . ( mod. )(1.4.1974 )
50, s . 6(2) , sch. 2
Pt. II .
50, s. 6(3)( 4), sch.
2 Pt. III paras.
1, 7, Pt. IV.
S. 9(1)-(3) am.
50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 12.
S. 9A added
50, s. 6(1 ), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 13.
S. 10(1)(3 ) am. ( prosp.) ... 50, s. 6(1), sch. 2
Pt. I para. 14.
S. 11 rep.
50, ss . 6(1 )(3),
14 ( 2 ), sch. 2
Pt, I parга .
18(e) , Pt. III
para. 1(f) ,
sch. 4.
S. 12 Reprinted as am.
( prosp. ) restr. ( prosp. )
50, s . 6(2) , sch. 2
Pt. II.
50, s . 6(3 ), sch. 2
Pt. III para.
1(f).
S. 12(2B) added
... 50, s. 6(1 ), sch . 2
Pt. I para. 15.
S. 13 rep.
50, ss . 6(1)(3),
14 ( 2 ) , sch. 2
Pt. I para.
18( e ), Pt. III
para. 1(f) ,
sch. 4.
S. 14 ( 1) Reprinted as am.
( prosp. )
S. 14(1) am. (prosp. )
50, s . 6(2), sch. 2
Pt. II.
50, s. 6( 1 ), sch 2.
mod.
Pt. I para. 16.
50, s . 6( 3), sch. 2
Pt. III para. 8.
S. 14(3) restr . ( prosp. )
...
50, s. 6( 3), sch . 2
Pt. III para.
1(f) .
S. 17 rep. ( prosp.)
50, ss . 6(1)(3) ,
14( 2), sch . 2
Pt. I para. 18
(e ), Pt. III para.
1 ( f ), sch. 4.
Sch. paras. 4 am. , 4A 50, s . 6(1)(3), sch .
added 2 Pt. I paга.
17( a)(b), Pt. III
para. 9(a)( b ).
para. 5 restr . ( prosp.) 50, s. 6(3), sch. 2
Pt. III para.
1(g).
para. 6 ( 1 ) am. 50, s . 6( 1 ) , sch . 2
Pt. I para.
17(c ) .
Effect ofLegislation clxxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 :
Industrial Training Act Sch. para. 6(1) mod.
c. 16 -cont.
1964 -cont.
50, s. 6( 3), sch. 2
Pt. III para.
9(c).
para. 6 ( 2 ) rep. 50, ss . 6(1)( 3),
14 ( 2 ), sch. 2
Pt. I para.
18(f) , Pt. III
para. 1(g), sch .
4 .
para 6( 1A ) added 50, s. 6(1) sch . 2
Pt. I. para.
17 ( d).
para. 10 am....
50, s. 6(1)(3), sch.
2 Pt. I para.
17( e ), Pt. III
para. 9( d ).
para. 11 am.
50, s . 6(1)(3), sch.
2 Pt. I paга .
17(f) , Pt. III
para. 9( e ) .
para.
( prosp. )
12 restr.
50, s. 6( 3) , sch . 2
Pt. III para.
1 ( g ).
c. 21
... Television Act 1964... Rep.... 19, s. 39(1), sch. 3
Pt. I.
c. 24
Trade Union ( Amalga-
S. 10(1) rep. in pt . ( 4 ) rep. 36, s. 41 ( 1), sch. 6
mations, etc.) Act 1964.
Pt. I.
с. 28
Agriculture andHorticul-
S. 1(11) rep . 36, s . 41(1) , sch . 6
ture Act 1964.
Pt. II.
S. 26(3) rep . in pt . 36, s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
с. 29
Continental Shelf Act S. 12 rep .
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
1964.
Pt. I.
c. 30 Legal Aid Act 1964..
Ss . 4 rep. , 6(5) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
с. 32 National Health Service Rep. ( prosp. )... ... 32, s . 57, sch. 5.
( Hospital Boards) Act
1964.
c .40 Harbours Act 1964... S. 57(1) definitions of-
" harbour " rep. in pt. 65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
29 .
"marine work " am.
65, s . 154(1 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
19 para. 16.
S. 58 am. (1.4.1974)
37, s . 40( 2), sch. 8
...
para. 87.
Ss . 59 rep. , 63(2) rep. in 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
pt.
Pt. I.
Schs. 3, 5 ext.... ...
64, s . 5( 1), sch. 2
para. 5(1 )( g),
c. 41..
Succession ( Scotland)Act Ss. 8, 9 saved (25.7.1976 )
52, s . 6( 2), sch. 1
1964.
para. 2(f) .
25, s. 1.
c . 42
Ss. 8(1 )(a)(b), ( 3)(a)(b) ,
9( 1) am. ( deaths after
23.5.1973 ) .
Administration of Justice Ss. 2(1)(2 ) rep. in pt .
Act 1964. ( prosp. ), ( 4) rep.
( prosp. ), 3 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
15, ss . 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II .
clxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 :
c. 42 -cont.
Administration of Justice Act 1964 -cont.
S. 10( 1) rep. in pt . ( prosp .) S. 16(2) ext. ( prosp.)
S. 17(2)(b) am. ( prosp .)
...
...
S. 22 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 25 rep.
...
S. 31 ( 1) rep. in pt. ( E.)...
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 37( 4) am. ( prosp. )...
Sch. 3 paras. 6, 7 rep.
( prosp. ). para. 19(2)(3 ) rep.
( prosp. ). para. 20(1) , (8) rep.
( prosp. ).
c.49 Finance Act 1964...
Ss. 1 (2)(3), 2(3), 3(2), 4(3)
rep.
Sch. 1 Table 1 subst.
( retrosp. ).
Schs. 2-5 subst. (retrosp.)
c. 56 Housing Act 1964...
S. 12 (1) definition of
" "
local authority am.
15, ss. 2(6 ), 19(1),
20, sch. 5 Pt.
II.
15, s. 3.
38, s . 100( 2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
23.
62, s . 56(2), sch.
6.
15, ss . 19(1), 20
( 6), sch . 5 Pt. I.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II .
62, s. 56(2), sch.
6.
62, s. 56(1 ) , sch . 5
para. 14.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
62, s. 56(2), sch.
6.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
51, s. 59( 7), sch .
22Pt. I.
51 , s. 1(1)(10) ,
sch. 1.
51 , s. 1 (1)(10),
schs . 2-5.
65, s. 130( 3), sch
12para. 4.
( prosp. ) .
S. 101(1) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 130( 3), sch.
12 para. 5.
c. 58 Resale Prices Act 1964 Am. 41, s. 94( 2) .
Ss. 8( 4 ), 11(1) definition 41, s. 139, sch. 13.
of " the Registrar " rep .
S. 11 (1) definition of" the
Director " added. S. 12( 2) rep. in pt....
c.60 Emergency Laws ( Re-
enactmentand Repeals)
Act 1964.
Ss. 7-12 am. ( temp. )
S. 15 am. ( prosp. )...
S. 20( 5) rep .... ...
c. 67... ...
Sch. 1 mod. (temp. )
para. 1 ext. ( temp.)
Local Government S. 1( 2 )( 3) rep. ( prosp.)
...
( Development and
Finance ) ( Scotland ) S. 4 am. ( 16.5.1975)
...
Act1964.
S. 5 rep. ( prosp.)...
41, s. 139, sch. 12.
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
67, s . 5(1)(3) .
32 , ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
104 .
36 , s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
67, s. 5( 2)( 3) .
67, s. 6( 1 ) .
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
153.
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch.
29 .
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation clxxvii
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 :
c. 67 -cont.
c. 70
...
..
c. 71
c. 72...
c. 79
c. 81
c . 90
1965:
c. 2
c . 4
... ...
... ...
c. 10... ...
с. 12.. ...
c. 13...
Local Government ( Deve- lopment and Finance)
( Scotland ) Act 1964-
cont .
Riding Establishments
Act1964.
S. 6( 1) am. (16.5.1975)
... 65, s. 214(2) , sch .
27 Pt. II para.
154 .
S. 6( 3) rep. ( prosp . )... 65, s. 237(1 ) , sch.
29 .
S. 8 (2)(5) rep . ( prosp. )...
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1), sch. 9 para.
59, sch. 29.
S. 9(1 )(b) , (2), (4) rep. 65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1 ) , sch. 9para.
60, sch. 29.
S. 10( 2) rep . ( prosp .)
...
65, ss. 122, 237
( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
61 , sch. 29.
S. 15 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
S. 16(1) definition of
" local authority " am.
( 16.5.1975 ).
S. 1 ( 2) am. (S.) ( prosp.)...
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
155 .
65, s. 209(1), sch .
25 para. 33.
65, s. 186(2), sch .
24 para. 42.
Trading Stamps Act 1964
Fishery Limits Act 1964
S. 6( 4) definition of
" local authority " am.
( prosp. ).
S. 4 subst.
S. 4(2 )(3) rep .... ...
Statute Law Revision S. 2 rep ....
Act1964.
Diplomatic Privileges S. 2 ( 4 ) am. ( prosp. )
Act 1964.
Spray Irrigation ( Scot-
Am.
land ) Act 1964.
..
13, s. 16 (1) .
36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
38, s. 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27para. 24.
65, s. 165.
Administration ofJustice
Act1965.
Science and Technology
Act1965.
Superannuation ( Amend-
ment) Act 1965 .
Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1965.
Rivers (Prevention of
Pollution ) ( Scotland )
Act1965.
S. 31 rep.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 1( 3) rep. in pt.
54, ss. 1 ( 3)(7),
5( 2), sch. 2
para. 1, sch. 4.
S. 3( 3) subst.
54, s. 1 (3)(7), sch .
2para. 2.
S. 3( 4 ) rep.
...
54, ss. 1( 3)(7),
5( 2 ), sch. 2
Sch. 2 rep. in pt .
para. 3, sch. 4.
54, s . 5( 2) , sch. 4,
rep. in pt. (1.4. 37, s. 40 ( 3), sch .
1974 ).
9.
Sch. 1 rep. in pt.
...
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
S. 71 (1) am.
.. ...
58, s . 24( 7) .
Am. ( prosp. )
Ss. 1( 10 ) rep. ( prosp. ), 3
( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ).
65, s . 135( 8) .
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
clxxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965 -cont.
c. 16
c. 17...
Airports Authority Act S. 12( 2) am. ( S.) (16.5 . 65, s. 214(2 ), sch.
1965. 1975 ).
27 Pt. II para.
156.
S. 15 am. (E.)
... ...
am. (S.)
S. 23( 1) definition of
" local authority " am.
(16.5.1975) .
Sch. 4 para. 2(3) rep.
S. 13 am.
26 , s. 21 .
56 , s. 19.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
157.
26, s . 86, sch. 3 .
...
..
2, s. 1( 2 ) .
с. 25
Museum of London Act 1965.
Finance Act 1965 ... Pt. III (ss. 19-45) ext .
S. 26 am.
saved
...
excl.
...
S. 26(3) excl .
S. 33( 3) am.
S. 44 ext.
S. 44(3) am. (retrosp. )
...
Ss. 92( 9), 93( 7) rep. in pt. S. 94(1)(3) rep. in pt....
Sch. 6 paras . 2, 5 appl....
Sch. 7 para. 9( 2) am. , ( 4)
added.
Sch. 9 saved
c . 34
c . 36 ...
British Nationality Act S. 2( 2A ) added
1965.
Gas Act 1965 ... ... S. 28(1) definitions of
" local authority " ,
“ local water autho-
"
rity am. (16.5.1975 ) .
Sch. 6 ext.
51 , s. 38, sch . 15.
51 , s. 45( 7), sch .
18 para. 12(1 ) .
51 , s. 51 ( 4) , sch.
20 para. 5( 2).
51 , s. 51( 4) , sch .
20 рага. 5(3) .
51, s. 51( 4 ), sch.
20 para. 8.
51, s. 37 .
51, s. 51( 4), sch .
20 para. 5( 3) .
51, s. 54, sch. 21
para. 4.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
51 , s . 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. II.
51, s. 39, sch. 16
para. 5.
51 , s. 39, sch. 16
para. 15.
51, s. 39, sch. 16
para. 7.
48, s. 1 ( 2), sch. 1 .
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
158.
64, s. 5(1), sch. 2
para. 5(1)( h ).
para. 11(c ) am.
( 16.5.1975) .
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
159.
c. 37 ... Carriage of Goods by S. 11( 3) rep. 36, s. 41 (1), sch . 6
Road Act 1965. Pt. I.
с . 41... Local Government (Scot- Rep. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 237(1), sch.
land )Act 1947 (Amend- 29.
ment ) Act 1965.
c. 42... Public Health ( Notifi- S. 1( 2) am. (E. ) ( prosp. ) 32, s. 57, sch. 4
cation of Births) Act
para. 105.
1965
c. 45... Backing ofWarrants ( Re-
public of Ireland) Act
S. 11 rep.
.. ... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
1965
Sch. para. 4 am.
... 14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
рага. 3.
Effect ofLegislation clxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965 : -cont.
с.46
...
c.49
...
c. 50
с. 51
Highlands and Islands S. 1( 2 ) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214(2), sch.
Development ( Scot-
27 Pt. II para.
land) Act 1965
160 .
Registration of Births,
Deaths and Marriages
( Scotland) Act 1965
S. 18(1) definition of
" local authority " am.
( 16.5.1975 )
Ss. 5-7 saved
...
Ss. 5( 3), 6(4) am. ( prosp )
S. 7 saved ( prosp. )
S. 8( 5 ) rep, in pt. ( prosp. )
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
161.
65, s. 28( 3).
65, s . 166(2)(a)(b) .
65, s. 64 ( 6 ).
65, ss . 166( 2)(c),
237(1) , sch. 29.
65, s . 166( 2)(d )(e ).
Monopolies and Mergers
Act 1965
National Insurance Act
1965
Ss. 9( 2) am. ( prosp. ), 15( 4)
subst. ( prosp. )
S. 54am . ( prosp. )...
38 , 88( 2 ), sch.
22 para. 11( b ).
S 56(1) definition of
" local authority " rep .
65, ss . 166( 2)(f),
237( 1), sch. 29.
( prosp. )
Rep.
41, s. 139, sch.
13 .
Am.
42, s. 5(1).
Power to am.
61, s. 7, sch.
Ss. 1-45 rep. (prosp . )
...
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S. 4(1) am.
...
S. 7 ext . ( prosp.)
42, s . 2( 2).
61, s. 5( 2).
S. 8 (5)(b) (i ) am.
42, s. 5( 2).
S. 10(1)(a)(iii ) am.
42, s. 2( 3).
Ss. 11( 4), 22( 2) am.
50, s. 14(1), sch. 3
( prosp. )
para. 7( 1 )(2) .
Ss. 46 , 47 rep. ( saving)
38, ss. 94 (10 ),
( prosp. )
100(2)(b), sch .
28 Pt. I.
Ss. 48-63 rep . ( prosp.)...
38, s . 100( 2)(b),
28 Pt. I.
Pt. IV (ss . 64-82) Re-
38, s. 84( 6 ), sch.
printed as am. ( prosp. )
21 Pt. II .
am. ( prosp.)
38, s. 84( 6 ), sch .
21 Pt. I para.
1 ( 1 ).
S. 64 subst. ( prosp.)
...
38, s. 84( 6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I para.
1( 2 ).
S. 65(1 )( 2) am. ( prosp. )
38, s . 84 (6 ) , sch .
21 Pt. I para.
2 .
S. 66 am. ( prosp. )
38, s. 84(6 ) , sch .
21 Pt. I paга.
3.
S. 67 rep. (prosp.)
...
38, s . 100( 2)(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
S. 68(1 )(2) am. ( prosp. ) ...
38, s . 84(6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I para .
4 .
S. 68( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 38, s. 100(2 )(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
clxxx Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965 :
c. 51 -cont. National Insurance Act
1965 -cont .
S. 69(1 )( 4) am. (prosp.) ... 38, s. 84( 6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I paга.
5.
S. 70(1)(c) am. ( prosp. )
38, s . 84(6 ) , sch .
21 Pt. I paга.
6.
S. 70A added ( prosp . )
...
38, s . 84(6 ) , sch.
21 Pt. I paга.
7.
S. 71 (1) am. ( prosp. )
...
38, s. 84( 6 ) , sch.
21 Pt. I para .
8.
S. 72(1)( 3)( 4) am. (prosp. ) 38, s. 84( 6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I para.
9.
S. 73 (1 )(2) am. ( prosp. ) ... 38, s. 84(6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I para.
10 .
S. 74 rep. ( prosp. )...
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
S. 75( 1 ) am. (prosp. ), (1A )
added (prosp.) , ( 2) am.
38, s. 84(6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I paга .
( prosp. )
11.
S. 76(1)(2) am. ( prosp.) ...
38, s. 84( 6 ), sch .
21 Pt. I para.
12 .
S. 77(1 )(3)(5)(a)(iii) am.
38, s. 84 (6 ), sch.
( prosp. )
21 Pt. I para.
13.
S. 80( 3) am. ( prosp . )...
38, s. 84(6 ), sch.
21 Pt. I para.
14 .
S. 81 ( 1) am. (prosp. ). (1A )
38, s. 84(6 ), sch.
added ( prosp. ), (3)(a)
21 Pt. I para .
am. ( prosp . )
15.
S. 81 (5) rep . ( prosp. ) , (6 ) 38, s. 100(2)( b),
rep. in pt. (prosp . ) sch. 28 Pt. I.
S. 81 ( 7) rep. ( prosp.)... 50, s. 14( 2 ), sch.
4 .
Ss . 81(8), 82-117 rep. 38, s . 100(2)(b),
( prosp. )
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S.83( 1 )( a) am.
S. 83(1)( b)(iv ) rep. ( prosp.)
.. ... 42 , s. 2( 4).
50, s. 14 ( 2), sch.
4 .
S. 90(2)- (8) superseded
( prosp. )
38, s . 88(1), sch.
22 Pt. I.
S. 91 superseded ( prosp.)
38, s. 88( 2 ), sch.
22 Pt. II.
S. 104(5 ) rep .... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 112, 113 superseded
38, s. 88(2 ), sch.
( prosp. )
22 Pt. I.
S. 114 (1) definition of
50, s. 14( 2 ), sch.
“ employment ex-
4 .change rep. ( prosp.)
Effect ofLegislation clxxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965:
c. 51 -cont.
c. 52...
National Insurance Act S. 118( 2 ) rep. in pt.
1965 -cont.
( prosp. ), ( 3), schs . 1-5
38, s. 100( 2)( b),
sch, 28 Pt. I.
rep. (prosp.)
Sch. 1 subst....
Pts. II -IV
am.
42, s. 2(1), sch. 2.
61, s. 5(1).
( prosp. ) Pt. II ext. ( prosp. )
Sch. 3 subst.
Schs. 7-11 rep. ( prosp. )
National Insurance ( In-
dustrial Injuries ) Act
1965.
Am.
...
Power to am.
Am. ( " employed earner" )
( prosp. ).
Am. (Industrial Injuries
Fund ) (prosp.).
Power to appl. ( mod. )
61 , s. 5(4) .
42,s. 1( 1), sch. 16.
38, s. 100(2) (b),
schs . 28 Pt. I.
42, s. 5(1).
61 , s. 7, sch .
38, s. 94(2)-(4) .
38, s. 94(7 ).
38, s. 94(8) .
( prosp. ).
Ext . ( prosp. )
... ... 38, s. 94(11) .
Ss. 1-4 rep. ( prosp. )
... 38, ss. 1 (6 ), 94(1),
100(2 )(b), sch.
28 Pt. I.
S. 3 (2) proviso (b) (i) am.
42, s. 5( 2) .
S. 5( 4) am. ( prosp. )
... 38, s . 100( 2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
25.
Ss . 7-9 mod. ( E.) (1.4. 37, s. 40(2), sch. 8
1974 ). para. 90.
S. 8( 2) am. ( prosp.)... 38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
26.
S. 11 (5) added ( prosp. )...
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
27 .
S. 13A( 5) am. ( prosp.)...
38, s . 100(2) (a),
sch. 27 para.
28.
S. 17(5) am. ( prosp. )...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
29.
S. 18(2 ) am....
S. 18( 3A) proviso rep.
( prosp.).
S. 19(3)( d ) am. ( prosp.) ...
42 , s . 3( 2 ).
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38 , s. 100(2)( a),
sch . 27 para.
30.
S. 25(2)(c) rep . ( prosp. )...
50, s. 14, sch. 3
para. 8, sch. 4.
S. 27(2) (b) cont. as subst.
38, s. 100(2)(a),
( prosp. ).
sch . 27 para.
31.
S. 28(1 ) replaced ( prosp.) 38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
32 .
S. 29(1 ) am. ( prosp. )...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 paга.
33.
S. 32(1) am. ( prosp.)...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
34 .
clxxxii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No. ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1965:
c. 52 -cont . National Insurance ( In-
Insurance
dustrial Injuries) Act
1965 -cont.
Ss. 32( 2), 34(3)( a) rep. in
pt. ( prosp. ).
S. 34( 3) (b) subst. ( prosp.)
S. 35(1 ) (b)-(e)
( prosp. ). rep.
S. 35(2) -(4) am. ( prosp.)
S. 50(2)( 6 ) am . ( prosp. )
...
S. 54(2)(4) am. ( prosp.)
S. 54(7) rep . ( prosp.)
S. 54(8) am. ( prosp.)
S. 54( 9) rep . ( prosp.)
...
S. 54(10) subst . ( prosp. ) ...
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
35 .
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
36 .
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
37.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
38.
38, s . 100(2 )(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
38( a ).
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38 , s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
38( c ) .
38, s . 94( 5) .
Pt. IV (ss. 56-58) ext.
( prosp. ).
S. 56(1) rep. (saving)
( prosp. ).
38, ss. 94(6 ), 100
(2)(b), sch. 28
Pt. I.
S. 58(2A) added...
61, s. 6 ( 1 )
Ss. 59-61 rep. ( prosp.) ... 38, s . 100( 2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S. 62(2) am. ( prosp.)
38, ss. 94(9), 100
(2 )(a), sch. 27
para. 39.
S. 64(3) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 64( 4) am. ( prosp. ), (5)
( 5A ) added ( prosp. ).
Ss . 64(5), 65, 67, 69 rep.
( prosp.), 70(1) rep. in
pt. (prosp. ).
S. 71 (1) am. (prosp. )
38, s . 100(2)(b) ,
sch . 28 Pt . I.
38, s. 88(3), sch .
22 para. 15.
38, s . 100( 2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
...
S. 72 rep. ( prosp.)
...
S. 73( 1 ) am . (prosp.)
...
S. 74 subst. ( prosp.) ...
S. 75 rep . ( prosp.) ...
38 , s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
40 .
50, s. 14, sch. 3
para. 8, sch. 4.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
41 .
38, s . 100(2) (a) ,
sch . 27, para.
42 .
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Effect ofLegislation clxxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1965:
c. 52 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
c. 53
National Insurance (In- S. 78 subst. ( prosp .)
...
38, s . 100(2) (a) ,
dustrial Injuries) Act
sch . 27 para.
1965-cont.
43 .
Ss . 79(2) (3 ) rep. ( prosp. ),
38, s. 100(2)(b),
82 (2), 83(1 )( 4)(a)(iii)
sch . 28 Pt. I.
rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
S. 83(5) гер .
...
S. 85(4) am. ( prosp. )
36, s . 41 (1 ), sch . 6
Pt. I.
38, s . 100( 2 )( a),
sch . 27 para.
44 .
S. 86(1 ) definitions of-
" the Social Security
Act " added ( prosp. ).
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
45 ( a ).
" contribution", " con-
3
38, s . 100(2) (b),
tribution week "the
,
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Insurance Act of
1946 " , " insured per-
son " rep, ( prosp.).
S. 86(2) am. ( prosp. )...
38 , s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
45 (b ) .
Ss. 86( 4) (c )( d) rep.
38, s . 100(2) (b),
( prosp.), 87(3)(b)
rep .
sch . 28 Pt. I.
inpt. ( prosp. ).
S. 88(2) rep. in pt ....
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 Pts . II , III, sch . 2 38, s . 100(2)(b),
rep. ( prosp. ).
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Sch. 2 Pt. I am.
42 , s. 3( 4 ).
Sch . 3 subst .
42, s. 3(1), sch. 3 .
paras. 1-4A Power
38, s . 39(4)(5) (b) ,
to am. (prosp.).
( 6 ).
paras . 5, 6(a)(b),
38, s. 39(8), sch .
6A Power to am.
11 para. 5.
( prosp.). paras. 7, 7A, 8, 9
Power to am. (prosp.) .
para. 9(c ) am.
( prosp. ).
para. 10 Power to
am. ( prosp.).
paras. 11, 12
Power to am. (prosp.) .
para. 18( 3A )
Power to am. ( prosp.) .
Family Allowances Act Power to am.
1965. S. 4(2)- (6 ) ext . (prosp.)
S. 5 am. ( prosp. )
S. 7( 4) added (prosp .)
..
S. 8(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
38, s. 39( 4)(5)(b),
( 6 ).
38, s. 100 (2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
46 .
38, s. 39(8) , sch .
11 para. 5.
38, s. 39(4) (5)(b) ,
( 6 ).
38 , s . 39(8) , sch.
11 para. 6.
61, s. 7 sch.
38, s. 22 (5) .
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
47 .
38, s . 100(2) (a),
sch. 27 para.
48.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
49.
clxxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965 :
c. 53-cont. Family Allowances Act
1965 -cont. S. 11 ( 6 ) am. ( prosp. )...
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
50.
S. 12 subst. ( prosp.)..
38, s. 100(2 ) (a),
sch. 27 para.
51 .
Ss. 16( 1) (c) rep. ( prosp. ),
38 , s. 100(2)(b) ,
( 2)(a) rep . in pt . ( prosp.)
sch . 28 Pt. I.
17( 8) rep. ( prosp.).
S. 190 19(1 ) definition of
38, s . 100(2)(a),
" the Social Security
sch. 27 parа.
Act" added ( prosp.).
52 .
S. 22(1 ) replaced ( prosp. )
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
53.
Ss. 24 rep. , 25( 2) rep. in 36, s. 41 (1 ), sch . 6
pt.
Pt . I.
c.54
... ... National Health Service
Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
38, ss. 1( 6 ), 100
Contributions Act
( 2 )(b), sch. 28
1965.
Pt . I.
S. 5(1) rep. in pt. , ( 4 )(a )
S.I. No. 2163.
rep.
Ss . 6 rep . , 9(2) rep. in pt.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 56
Compulsory Act 1965.
Purchase Pt. I (ss. 1-32 ) appl.
64, s. 6, sch . 4
( mod. ).
paras . 1, 2, 11-
17 .
S. 8(1) am.
...
26, s. 58(1).
S. 8(2)(3) saved...
26, s. 53(6 ).
S. 9 mod. 26 , s. 52 (10)( a ).
S. 9( 2), ( 5) appl. ( mod . ) 26, s. 54( 7 ).
S. 9( 6 ) rep .
... ... 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 10 am.
26, s. 63(1) .
S. 11(1) excl .
26, s . 52(10)(b).
mod .
26 , s. 55(1) .
S. 20 mod.
26, ss. 46(1), 59
( 2 )( a), 61( 3).
S. 25( 4 ) rep .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 33( 1 ) (b), (2)(b), ( 4) rep .
37, s. 40(3), sch .
in pt. (1.4.1974).
9.
S. 34(2) am.
...
26, s. 58(1) .
Sch. 2 para. 3( 2) rep .
...
39, S.L. ( Re-
Sch. 3 excl ....
peals ).
26, s . 52(10)( b) .
mod. 26, s . 57( 1) .
para. 4( 5 ) rep. 39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
Sch. 7 rep. in pt. 26, s. 86, sch . 3 .
c. 57... ( prosp. ).
Nuclear Installations Act S. 3( 3)( d) rep. in pt. 65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
1965. 29.
S. 27( 7) rep.
... 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt . I.
c. 59 New Towns Act 1965 Ext .
... ... ... ... ... ... 64, s. 5(1 ), sch . 2
para. 5( 1)(i),
( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation clxxxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965:
c . 59 -cont. New Towns Act 1965 S. 1 mod.
...
26, s . 51 (1) .
-cont. S. 11 rep. (saving )
...
26, ss. 72(6 ), 86,
sch. 3.
S. 22( 1 ) (2) (5) (6) rep .
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
S. 34(1) (2) am. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 88.
S. 40 subst. (1.4.1974 )...
37, s. 40(2), sch . 8
para. 89.
Sch. 1 para. 2 appl ....
26, s. 51( 3).
Sch . 6 para. 4 mod.
...
26, s. 57( 2).
para. 7
rep. 26, s . 86, sch. 3.
( saving ).
c . 61.. ... Judges ' Remuneration Rep.... ...
Act 1965.
c . 62 Redundancy Payments S. 1 excl .
Act 1965. S. 17( 3) am. (prosp.), ( 4A )
added (prosp.), (5) am.
( prosp. ), (6 ) subst.
( prosp. ).
S. 22 excl .
S. 26( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp .)
15, ss. 19(1), 21
( 2 ), sch. 5 Pt.
IV.
50, s. 7(1).
38, s. 100(2)( a),
sch. 27 para.
54 .
4, s. 2( 1).
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
S. 26(3) am. ( prosp . )...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
55.
S. 27 rep. ( prosp. )...
38, ss. 1 ( 6 ), 100
( 2 )( b ), sch. 28
Pt . I.
Ss. 28, 29 rep. (prosp. ),
38, s. 100(2)(b),
31( 1 ) rep. in pt .
sch . 28 Pt. I.
( prosp. ).
S. 31( 4) am. ( prosp. )...
38, s . 100(2) (a),
sch . 27 paга.
56.
S. 36(1) - (4) rep. ( prosp. )
S. 36( 5) subst. ( prosp. ) ...
38, s . 100(2 ) (b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s. 100(2 )(a),
sch. 27 para.
57.
S. 41 am. ( prosp. )
S.43( 1) am . ( prosp. ), (1A )
added ( prosp. ), (2)(4)
am . ( prosp.).
S. 49(1) am. ( prosp. )...
50, s. 7(1 ) .
38, s. 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
58.
38, s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
59.
S. 55(5) (b) rep. (prosp.),
( 6 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ).
S. 58( 4) rep.
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 3 para. 1 subst. 32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
( prosp. ).
sch. 4 para.
106.
para. 2 rep.
32, ss . 57, 58( 5),
( prosp. ).
sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
para. 6 rep. ( E.)
( prosp. ).
clxxxvi Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1965:
c. 62 -cont.
c. 66
Redundancy Payments
Act 1965-cont.
Hire-Purchase Act 1965
Sch. 3 para. 7 rep. in
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
pt. ( prosp.).
sch. 5.
Ss. 17-20, 29(3)(c) rep. ...
13, s. 18( 4 ).
S. 58(1 ) (3) -(5) ext.
41, s. 138( 4)(5)
( a ).
c. 67
S. 58(3)(5) ext.
13, ss. 3, 10 (6).
Hire-Purchase (Scotland ) Act 1965.
Ss. 17-20, 29(3)(c) rep.
13, s. 18( 4).
S. 54(1 )(3) - (5) ext.
41, s. 138( 4)( 5)
( b).
S. 54(3)(5) ext.
13, ss. 3, 10 (6 ).
c. 69
Criminal Procedure ( At-
Ss. 9 rep. , 10( 6 ) rep. in pt. 36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
tendance of Witnesses)
Pt. I.
Act 1965.
с . 71
Murder ( Abolition of S. 4 rep.
...
Death Penalty) Act
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
1965.
c. 72 Matrimonial Causes Act
1965
18, s . 54(1), sch.
3.
c.74
Superannuation Act 1965 Rep. (except ss. 8( 2 ), 26-
28A and 25( 4) (5) as
appl. by s . 28(2), 38, 42,
43 ( 1) in pt. , 46(1), (4)
in pt.)), s . 38 rep. ( E.)
Ss. 26( 4)(c)(iii) subst. , (6 )
definitions of " court " ,
" former spouse",
42 (1)(3) am.
S. 39(1) para, 7 am.
18, s. 54(1), sch. 2
para. 5.
S. 39( 4) rep.
54, s. 1 ( 7)( 9), sch .
3. para. 20.
36 , s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
c. 76
Southern Rhodesia Act S. 2cont. until 16.11.1974 S.I. No. 1895
1965
c. 82 Coal Industry Act 1965 S. 1 expld.
S. 1( 1 ) am.
S. 1( 2 ) ext .
S. 1(2A ) am.
S. 1( 3)( 4 ) subst.
S. 1( 5) am.
S. 1(6 ) ext.
S. 1( 8) added
S. 2(1)(2) rep .
S. 3( 3)( b) excl .
8, s . 2( 4 ).
8, s. 2( 2 ).
8, ss. 1 ( 5), 2(3).
8, s. 2( 2).
8, s. 2( 1) .
8, s . 13(1), sch. 1
para. 3( a).
8, s. 1 (5) .
8, s. 13( 1), sch. 1
para. 3( b) .
8, s. 13( 2), sch. 2.
8, s. 5( 5 ).
1966 :
c. 5...
c. 6
Statute Law Revision Act
1966
National Insurance Act
1966
S. 2 rep ....
Ss. 1-4, rep. ( prosp. )
Ss . 2( 4) , 4(1) am.
S. 5(1) (3) rep . (prosp.)
S. 6(1)(a ) am. (prosp,)
..
S. 8( 1)(2) am. (prosp. )
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
42 , s. 1( 2 ) .
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s . 100(2 )(a),
sch . 27 para.
60.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
61 .
Effect ofLegislation clxxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1966:
c. 6-cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
National Insurance Act Ss. 8(3) , 9, 10( 1)- (4 ) rep.
1966 -cont.
( prosp.), (5) rep in pt,
( prosp. ), (6 ), 11 , 12 rep.
( prosp. )
S. 14( 3)(bb) added(prosp.)
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para .
62 .
Sch. 1 rep. ( prosp.)
38, s . 100 (2) (b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
Sch. 2 paras . 3(b), 4(b) , 38, s . 100(2)(a) ,
5 (a ) , 6(a) , 7 am.
sch. 27 para .
( prosp. )
63.
c . 9 Rating Act 1966
S. 2(1)(b) rep. in pt.
65, s. 237(1) , sch .
( prosp. ).
29.
S. 2( 5) am. (16.5.1974) ...
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 62 ( a).
S. 2(12)(b) rep. in pt.
65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ).
( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
62 ( b ), sch. 29.
S. 4( 5) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 65, ss. 122, 237
( 1 ) , sch. 9 para.
63, sch . 29.
S. 5 rep . (16.5.1974)...
S. 5(2) excl. , ( 4) saved
Ss. 6-8 rep. (16.5.1974) ...
65 , SS. 112 ( 4),
237(1), sch. 29.
28, s . 2(6 )(b) .
65, s. 237( 1), sch.
29.
S. 7(3) (c) added
c . 10... Commonwealth Secretar- Sch. para. 5(2 ) am.
iat Act 1966. ( prosp. ).
Finance Act 1966
28, ss. 1-4.
38 , s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
64 .
c . 18 ... ... S. 43 rep . in pt....
51 , s. 59(7), sch .
22 Pt. II .
S. 44( 8) rep.
..
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 8 Pt. II Power to 38, s . 71 .
appl. ( mod.).
c. 19... Law Reform (Miscellan- S. 8 ext. eous Provisions ) (Scot-
S. 8 (1 )(d) am. (prosp.) land ) Act 1966.
c. 20 ... Supplementary Benefit Power to am.
Act 1966 (Ministry of
S. 4(1 ) rep . in pt. ( prosp .)
Social Security Act
1966) [a] .
S. 6(1) rep. in pt . ( prosp.)
Ss . 6(2), 8 (4) rep. ( prosp.)
S. 12(1 ) am. (prosp.)
...
45, s. 10 (2 ) .
29, s. 14, sch . 5
para. 6.
61, s. 7, sch .
32 , ss. 57, 58( 5),
sch. 5.
32, ss. 50 (1), 57
58( 5 ), sch. 5.
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 5.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
65.
S. 16(1 ) (a) subst. ( prosp . ) 38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
66.
S. 16(2) ext . (S.) am. (S. )
( 16.5.1974 )
65, s. 113(1) .
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 64.
[a] May also be cited as Supplementary Benefit Act. See 1973, c. 38 s. 99( 18) .
clxxxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1966:
c. 20 -cont. Supplementary Benefit
Act 1966-cont. S. 17(1)(e) cont. as subst. 38 , s . 100(2)( a),
( prosp . ).
sch. 27 para.
67.
S. 26( 4) am. ( prosp. )...
38 , s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
68.
S. 36( 1) definitions of
38 , s. 100(2 )(a) ,
"place of employ-
sch . 27 para.
ment", " trade dis-
69.
pute " am. ( prosp.).
S.40 (1) am.
...
Sch. 2 para. 4(2) rep .
...
para. 8( 2 ) am.
...
paras. 9-12, 12B
rep. and replaced as
paras . 8A, 9, 10.
paras. 10A, 12A
renumbered as 11 and
12 respectively, 10A(1)
am.
Sch . 2 paras. 10A(1 )(a ) ,
( 3), 12A(2)(3) am.
( prosp. ).
38, s. 99(18) .
42, ss. 6, 9( 6),
sch. 4 para. 2,
sch . 7.
42, s. 6, sch. 4
para. 3( a ).
42, ss. 6, 9(6 ),
sch. 4paras. 3-
6 , sch. 7.
42, s. 6, sch. 4
para. 3(b)(c ) .
paras . 12A, 13 am.
paras. 14, 17 am.
paras . 20(a)(b), 24
(1)(h), (2)(a) (b), (3)(a)
am. ( prosp. ).
para. 24 (4 )(b) re-
placed .
( prosp. ). para. 25(1 )(a) am.
Sch. 4 para. 2(2) am.
(16.5.1975) .
para. 2( 5 ) rep.
( prosp. ).
с. 21 OverseasAidAct 1966...
S. 1 (1) ext . (E.) ( prosp . ) ...
S. 7 rep . (saving)...
c. 23 ... Botswana Independence Sch. para. 8(3) rep ....
Act 1966.
с. 24 Lesotho Independence Sch. para. 8(3) rep .
...
Act 1966.
с. 27... ... Building Control Act
1966. S. 5(1)(h) am. ( prosp. )
c. 28... Docks and Harbours Act Sch. 1 am.
1966.
38, s. 100( 2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
70.
42, s. 6, sch. 4
para. 7.
42, s. 6, sch. 4
para. 3(c ).
38, s. 100(2)( a),
sch . 27 para.
70 .
42, s. 6, sch. 4
para. 8 .
38 , s . 100(2) (a),
sch. 27 para .
70.
65, s . 214(2) , sch .
27 Pt. II para.
162 .
65, ss . 214( 2),
237( 1 ) , sch. 27
Pt. II, sch . 29.
32, s. 45.
21, ss. 2(3), 6( 2),
schs. 1, 2.
36, s. 41 ( 1), sch. 6
Pt . I.
36, s. 41 ( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 107 .
S.I. No. 94.
Effect ofLegislation clxxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1966 -cont.
c. 30
... Reserve Forces Act 1966 S. 18( 9) rep. in pt .... 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 20(1 ) am. (S.) (16.5 . 65, s. 214(2 ) , sch.
1975 ) .
27 Pt. II para.
163.
S. 20(3) rep .
S.I. No. 2163.
с. 33 Prices and Incomes Act
Residue rep ....
... ...
9, s. 23( 3), sch. 6.
1966.
с .34... ... Industrial Development
Ss. 14 rep., 31( 7)(a ) rep. 36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Act1966. inpt.
Pt . I.
c. 35 ... ... Family Provision Act
1966. S. 7 appl.
... 18, s. 36(3)( 7) .
c. 36... Veterinary Surgeons Act
S. 6 saved ( Pakistan )...
48, s. 4( 1), sch. 3
1966.
para. 4 .
saved ( Bangladesh)
49, s. 1( 3), sch.
para. 14 .
S. 29(2) rep. in pt....
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 38...
Sea Fisheries Regulation S. 2( 3) subst.
...
S.I. No. 1610.
Act1966. S. 5( 1) excl .
64, s. 5(2 ), sch. 3
para. 2(1)( 2) .
S. 18(3) am. (1.4.1974 ) ... 37, s . 40( 2), sch. 8
с . 42... ... Local Government Act
1966. S. 3( 3) ext .
para. 91.
... 32, s. 52(2).
c .46... ... Bus Fuel Grants Act 1966 S. 1 ( 2 ) rep.
...
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 49... ... Housing (Scotland ) Act
S. 1 subst. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 130( 3), sch.
1966.
12 para. 6.
S. 98 rep. ( prosp . )...
65 , ss. 130( 3),
237( 1), sch. 12
para. 7, sch.
29.
S. 107(2) rep. in pt. 65, SS. 130( 3),
( prosp.). 237( 1), sch . 12
para. 8, sch.
29.
S. 147 rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 130 ( 3),
237(1), sch. 12
para. 9, sch.
29.
S. 152(3) added ( prosp.)
65, s. 130( 3), sch.
12 para. 10.
S. 153(1 )(2) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 130( 3), sch .
12 para. 11 .
Ss . 160( 1) (2), 168 rep .
...
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
S. 173 rep . ( prosp .)
...
65 , ss. 130( 3 ),
237(1), sch. 12
para. 12, sch.
29.
S. 174 rep . ( prosp.)
...
65 , ss. 130(3),
237( 1), sch. 12
para. 13, sch.
29.
S. 184 rep. in pt . ( prosp.) 65, ss. 130( 3) ,
237(1), sch. 12
para. 14, sch
29.
cxc Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1966 :
c. 49 -cont.
с. 51
Housing (Scotland ) Act S. 185(1)( b ) rep. in pt. 65, ss . 130( 3),
1966 -cont. ( prosp. ). 237( 1), sch. 12
para. 15, sch .
29.
S. 193(1 ) (a) rep. in pt. 65, SS. 130 ( 3),
( prosp.).
237( 1), sch. 12
para. 16, sch.
29.
S. 195( 1)(2)(4)(7)(8) am.
( prosp. ).
S. 201 rep. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 130( 3), sch.
12para. 17.
65 , ss. 130( 3),
237( 1), sch. 12
para. 18, sch.
29.
S. 208(1 ) definitions of
65, ss. 130 (3),
" burgh ", " large
237(1), sch. 12
burgh " rep. ( prosp.).
para. 19, sch.
29.
Sch . 8 rep. 26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
Local Government (Scot- S. 2(2 )(b) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 122, 237
land) Act 1966. ( 1 ), sch. 9 para.
65 , sch. 29.
S. 3( 3) am. ... 65 , s. 120( 1)( a).
S. 6( 2) am. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 66.
S. 7(1) am. (prosp . ) S. 10(4) am. (16.5.1975 ) 65, s . 122, sch. 9
para. 67.
65, s . 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
164 .
S. 11 (3) rep. ( prosp.)
..
S. 28(5) rep . (prosp . )
S. 30(1) am. ( prosp.)
S. 30(3)(4) rep. ( prosp. )
S. 31 rep . ( prosp.)
S. 32 rep . ( prosp .)
S. 33(2) rep . (prosp . )
S. 33(3) subst. (prosp.) ...
Ss. 36, 37, 39 rep. (prosp. )
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29 .
65 , SS. 133(1 ),
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 54, sch.
29.
65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 55(a).
65, SS . 133( 1 ) ,
237( 1), sch . 14
para . 55(b) ,
sch . 29.
65 , ss. 133(1),
237(1), sch. 14
para. 56, sch.
29 .
65, ss. 133(1 ) ,
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 57, sch.
29.
65, ss . 133( 1 ),
237 ( 1), sch. 14
para. 58 (a) ,
sch. 29 .
65, s . 133(1) , sch .
14 para. 58(b) .
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
Effect of Legislation cxci
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1966 :
c. 51 -cont. 1967:
c . 4 c. 8 c. 9
c . 10
c. 13
Local Government (Scot- S. 43(1)(b) am. (16.5.1975 ) 65, s . 214(2 ) , sch .
land ) Act 1966 -cont.
27 Pt. II para.
165.
S. 44 am. ( prosp . )...
65, s. 188, sch . 24
рага. 43.
S. 46(1) definition of
65, s . 122, sch. 9
" local authority " am.
para. 68.
Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 1 am.
65, s . 122, sch. 9
( prosp. ).
para. 69( a).
Pt. I paras. 2 rep.
65, ss. 122, 237
( prosp. ), 5( 2) rep. in pt.
( 1), sch. 9 para.
( prosp. ).
69( b) ( c) , sch.
29.
Pt I para. 5(2) am .
65, s. 122, sch . 9
( prosp.) .
para. 69( c ).
Pt . II paras . 1 rep.
65, ss . 122, 237
in pt. (prosp.), 3 rep.
( 1), sch. 9 para.
( prosp . ).
70( a) ( b) , sch .
29.
Pt. II paras. 4( 1)
65, s. 122, sch. 9
am. ( prosp. ), 5 subst.
para. 70( c )( d ).
( prosp .).
Pt. III paras. 2, 3
65, s. 122, sch. 9
am. ( prosp.).
para. 71 .
Sch. 2 paras . 19( a ) rep.
65, ss . 122, 237
in pt. ( prosp. ), 22, 27
( 1), sch. 9 para.
definitions of "burgh",
72, sch. 29.
" separately rated area'
rep. ( prosp. ).
para. 27 definition
65, s . 122, sch. 9
of " rating area
am.
( prosp. ).
para. 72( c ).
Sch. 5 paras. 1, 4 rep. 65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ).
29.
West Indies Act 1967... S. 3( 3) appl .
{
27, s. 7( 3).
48, s. 1 ( 4 ).
49, s. 2 ( 4).
S. 20(2 ) rep. ...
36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt . I.
Plant Health Act 1967 ( S. ) ( prosp. ).
Ss. 5( 2) , 6(3 ) rep. in pt. 65,
ss . 144 ( 3 ),
General Rate Act 1967 S. 5 excl .
237(1 ) , sch . 29.
9, s. 16 ( 1).
S. 12(6) Power to excl...
9, s. 16 ( 4 ).
S. 45(b) am. ( prosp. )
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 108.
S. 49( 2 ) excl .
... ...
28, s . 2( 4) .
S. 49( 4 ) saved
28, s. 2( 4 ) .
Sch. 9 para. 11 (c) added
28, ss. 1-4.
Forestry Act 1967...
S. 40(2)(c)(ii) am. (16.5.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
1975) .
27 Pt. II para.
166 .
Parliamentary Commis-
sioner Act 1967.
S. 5( 2)( b) excl . (Ν.Ι.) 36, s . 22.
Ss. 7-9, 11 (except subs. 32, s . 36.
( 4 ) ) appl . (mod.) .
S. 13( 4 ) am. S.I. No. 2163 ....
cxcii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1967:
c. 13 -cont. Parliamentary Commis-
sioner Act 1967 .
-cont.
Sch. 1 ext. (E.)
32, s . 32(2) .
Power to appl. 32, s . 32(6) .
( mod. ).
para. 4 ext....
Sch. 2 am....
c .17... ...
Iron and Steel Act 1967 c. 22
Agriculture Act 1967...
32, s . 32( 6 ) .
50, s. 14(1), sch. 3
рага. 9.
Sch. 3 para. 8 am. (prosp. ) 32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
( 6 ), sch. 4paraа.
109.
S. 33(4)(5) am.
... ...
S. 40(2 ) rep. in pt. and
am.
Ss. 26(1 )(a ) am. , 27(1)(d )
added, (2 )(c), (5B),
39(5A ) am.
S. 67(3) (e ) am. (prosp. )
41, s. 139, sch. 2.
51 , s. 47( 8), sch.
19 para. 15.
S.I. No. 1402.
38, s. 100( 2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
71.
S. 72(1) rep. in pt.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 24 ... Slaughter of Poultry Act S. 8 definition
of 65, s. 214(2), sch.
1967. " local authority"
am. 27 Pt. II para.
(16.5.1975).
167.
c. 25 National Insurance S. 2 rep. ( prosp. )
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
(Industrial Injuries)
( Amendment) Act
sch . 28 Pt. I.
1967.
c . 28 Superannuation (Miscel- S. 3 (4)(a)(i) rep .
... 15, s. 19(1), sch . 5
laneous Provisions) Act
Pt. IV.
1967.
S. 3 (4) (a) (iv) rep. ( prosp.) 15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch. 5 Pt. II.
S. 3( 4)(d ) rep.
41, s. 139, sch. 13 .
Ss. 4, 5 rep. (saving) ...
21, ss. 2( 3) , 6(2),
schs. 1, 2.
S. 7(1)(a) rep. in pt. (E.)
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp. ).
S. 7(1)(a)(b) am. ( E.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ).
para. 110.
S. 13(2) subst. ( prosp.)... 38, s . 100(2 )(a),
sch. 27 para.
72 .
c. 29... ...
c. 32... ...
c . 33 ... ...
Housing Subsidies Act
1967.
Development of Inven-
tions Act 1967 .
Air Corporations Act
1967.
S. 27(1 )(a)(ii ) am. ( prosp. ) 65, s . 130( 3), sch.
12 para. 30.
S. 14 rep.... ...
36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2175.
Ss . 1 , 2(1)(2), 3, 6, 7 rep.
( 1.4.1974), 23( 1)(2) am.
(1.4.1974) , 25 ( 1 ) (2)
subst. (1.4.1974 ), (3)
am. (1.4.1974) and rep .
in pt. (1.4.1974), ( 4)
rep . (1.4.1974) , 26
subst. (1.4.1974 ), sch .
1 paras . 1-7 rep .
( 1.4.1974 ), 8(1) subst .
( 1.4.1974), 9-13 rep.
( 1.4.1974 ).
:
Effect ofLegislation cxciii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967: -cout.
c .34... Industrial Injuries and
Diseases (Old Cases)
Act 1967.
Power to am.
...
61, s. 7, sch .
Am. ( prosp. )
38, s. 94(7) .
S. 2(6)( c) Power to am.
38, s. 39( 8) , sch.
( prosp. ).
11 para. 7.
am.
42, s. 3(3) .
S. 4(8)(a) subst . (prosp. ) 38, s. 100(2) (a) ,
sch. 27 para.
73.
S. 7(2) (b) Power to am.
38, s. 39(8) , sch .
( prosp. ).
11 para. 8.
am.
42, s . 3( 3) .
S. 8(3)(b) am. ( prosp. )...
38, s . 100(2) (a),
sch. 27 para.
74 .
S. 12 (3) rep .
.. ...
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 13 subst. ( prosp. )
...
38 , s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
75.
S. 13(1 ) (a) rep. in pt.
...
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
Ss. 14(1) definition of
38, s . 100(2)( b),
“ prescribed " rep. in
sch . 28 Pt. I.
pt. ( prosp.), 15( 4) rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 16(2) rep . in pt.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
c. 39... ...
National Health Service
Rep. (prosp. )
..
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
(Family Planning) Act
1967.
c .43 ... ... Legal Aid (Scotland) Act Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 4 added 41, s. 43.
1967.
c. 45... ... Uniform Laws on Inter-
national Sales Act 1967. S. 1(4 ) am. 13, s . 5( 2 ).
с . 46 ... Protection of Birds Act
1967. Ss. 4(3), 7(4) (b) , 8 ( 2)(b) 54, s . 1 (1 )(b) (7),
am.
sch . 1 para. 7.
S. 10 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, ss . 171 ( 1) (b) ,
214( 2), sch. 27
Pt . II para.
168.
c. 53 ... ... Prices and Incomes Act Rep. (except ss. 4(2), 5) 9, s . 23(3), sch . 6.
1967
c. 54 ... ... Finance Act 1967... S. 4( 6 )(a) rep.
.. S. 4(6 )(b) rep . S. 4(6 )(c)(d) rep . S. 26( 7) rep .
c. 56... ...
Matrimonial Causes Act 1967
36, s. 41(1) , sch . 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. II.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
36, ss . 16(2) , 41
( 1 ), sch. 6 Pt. I.
Ss . 28, 29(1 ) rep. , (3) rep .
51 , s . 59(7), sch .
in pt. , ( 4) rep.
22 Pt. V.
Sch. 6 para. 12 rep. in pt.
36, s . 41(1 ), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 1 saved
45, s. 6( 4).
Ss. 2(1 ) am. , (3) subst. , 18, s. 54(1), sch . 2
( 4 ), 3 am. para. 6(1 )(2) .
Part III
2A
cxciv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1967:
c. 56 -cont. Matrimonial Causes Act Ss. 7, 8 rep .
1967 -cont.
.. 18, s. 54(1 ), sch .
3 .
S. 10 ( 1 ) definition of 18, s. 54 (1 ), sch. 2
" matrimonial cause" para. 6(3).
am.
c. 57
... ... Control of Liquid Fuel
Act 1967
Rep. 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 58
Criminal Law Act 1967 Ss. 2, 3 saved 47, s. 19 ( 4).
S. 7 rep. (prosp.) 62, s. 56( 2) , sch .
6.
S. 11( 4 ) rep . 36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c . 68...
Fugitive Offenders Act S. 15 ( 2)(b) am. (prosp.) 62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
1967 para. 15.
Ss. 16, 17 ext .
... ...
47, s. 27(1) .
Sch. 1 am.
...
47, s. 5( 1).
c . 69
Civic Amenities Act 1967 S. 5( b) definitions of
65, s. 184, sch. 23
"local
authority" ,
para. 6.
"planning authority
am. (prosp.)
S. 18( 7) rep. in pt. (S.) 65, s. 237(1 ) , sch .
( prosp. ), (8) rep. (S.)
29.
( prosp.), (9) rep. in pt.
( S.) ( prosp. )
S. 27(1 ) definition of
" local authority "
am. ( 16.5.1975)
S. 170 definition of
" local authority
am. (16.5.1975)
c. 71
Aden, Perim and Kuria
Muria Islands Act 1967
S. 4 rep. (saving )
...
c. 73
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
169.
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
170.
21 , ss. 2(3), 6(2),
schs. 1, 2.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28, Pt. I.
c. 76
S. 8(2) rep.
...
National Insurance Act Ss. 1 , 2 rep. ( prosp.), 4( 1)
1967
( 4 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.),
5, 6, sch. 4, sch. 7
paras. 1-6 rep. (prosp.),
8 rep. in pt (prosp.)
Road Traffic Regulation S. 1 (2)(a) am. (prosp.)
Act 1967
S. 1 ( 3AA) (3AB) added
S. 1(6 ) am.
...
S. 1A added
S. 5(1) am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 5(3) (bb) added
S. 12(6) am. (S. ) ( prosp.)
S. 15(8)(b) am. ( prosp. )
S. 20 mod. (S.) (prosp. )
S. 21 ( 1 ) am. (S.) ( prosp.)
S. 21 (2) rep . (prosp.), (6 )
( b) rep. in pt . ( prosp.)
65, s . 133(1 ) , sch .
14 para. 59.
44, s . 1(1).
44 , s. 1 ( 2 ).
44, s. 1( 3).
65, s. 133(1) , sch.
14 para. 60.
44 , s. 1( 4 ).
65, s. 209(1 ), sch .
25 para. 34.
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 61 .
65, s . 133(1 ), sch .
14para. 62.
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 63( a).
65, ss . 133(1),
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 63(b)(c) ,
sch. 29.
Effect ofLegislation CXCV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 76 -cont.
Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967-cont .
S. 21(6 )( b) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 133(1 ) , sch.
14 para. 63(c) .
S. 21 (7) rep . (prosp. )...
65, ss. 133(1 ), 237
( 1), sch. 14
para. 63( b ) ,
sch . 29.
S. 24(2)(i)(ii) replaced
65, s . 133(1), sch .
( prosp. )
14para. 64.
S. 26(9) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 65.
S. 28(6 )(a) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14 para. 66.
S. 29(1 ) rep. in pt. (S.)
65, ss. 209(1 ), 237
(prosp. ), ( 2) rep. (S.)
( 1), sch. 25
( prosp . )
para. 35, sch .
29.
S. 31 (2) rep. in pt. (S.) 65, ss. 209(1 ), 237
( prosp. )
(1), sch. 25
para. 36, sch.
29.
S. 35(4) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 67.
S. 37(5) am. (S.) (prosp. )
65, s. 209(1 ), sch .
25 рага. 37.
rep. in pt. (S. )
65, ss. 209(1 ), 237
( prosp . )
( 1), sch. 25
para. 37, sch .
29.
S. 44( 2) proviso, (3)( c)
65, ss. 209(1 ), 237
rep . in pt. (S.) ( prosp.)
( 1), sch. 25
para. 38, sch .
29.
S. 52( 4)(e) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 68.
S. 65(2) am. (prosp. )...
65, s . 133(1), sch.
14 para. 69.
S. 69(1)( 3) am. ( S.)
65, s. 133(1 ), sch .
( prosp. )
14para. 70( a).
S. 69(3) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 133(1), 237
( 1 ), sch. 14
para.70( b) , sch.
29 .
S. 76( 2)(b) am. (prosp.)
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 71 ( a).
S. 76(3) rep . (prosp.)
...
65, ss. 133(1), 237
( 1 ), sch. 14
para.71 (b), sch.
29.
S. 84( 1) (b) subst .
...
S. 84A(2A) added
44, s. 1 ( 5 ).
44, s. 1( 6 ).
S. 104 (1) definition of
65, s. 133(1), sch .
“ highway authority
"
14 para. 72.
am . ( prosp. )
S. 104(1A)-(1E ) added
44, s. 1( 7 ) .
S. 105 rep. ( prosp.)
... 65, ss. 133(1),
237( 1 ), sch. 14
para. 73, sch .
29.
Part III
2A2
cxcvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967 -cont .
c. 77
c. 78.. ..
1967 Police (Scotland) Act S. 1(1) subst. (prosp.)
S. 2(1 ) am. (prosp. )
S. 4( 3) rep. , (16.5.1975) ...
65, s. 146 ( 2 ).
65, s. 146 ( 3).
65, SS. 146 ( 4 ),
237( 1) , sch . 29.
S. 9 saved
...
Ss . 15(3)(5), 17( 3) rep. in
pt. ( prosp. )
S. 18(1) am. (prosp.) ,
( 2 )( b ) subst. ( prosp . )
Ss. 19-21 excl. ( pros ( prosp . )
S. 19(2)(e) rep. ( prosp.)
65, s. 64 ( 7).
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
65, s . 146( 5) .
65 , s. 56(8)(9) .
65, s. 237( 1), sch .
29.
S. 20(5 ) am. (prosp. )
S. 21A added
65, s. 146( 6 ).
65, s. 146 ( 7).
excl. (prosp. )
65, s . 56(8)(9) .
S. 23 subst. ( prosp.)
65, s. 146( 8).
Ss. 24 , 25 appl. (mod.)
65, s. 146(10).
( prosp. )
S. 29( 3) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 146(6 ) .
S. 51 (1) definitions of-
“ amalgamation scheme " am.
65, s. 146(9).
" burgh " , (2) rep.
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch .
( prosp. )
29.
S. 52(1 ) proviso rep .
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Sch. 1 rep. ( prosp. )
65, s . 237(1) , sch.
29.
65, s. 146(10).
Sch. 2 appl. (mod.)
( prosp. )
Sch. 4 rep. in pt .
Water ( Scotland ) Act S. 1 rep. ( prosp.)
1967.
...
S. 2 rep. (prosp.)
...
S. 3( 2) subst . ( prosp . )
...
S. 4( 2) am. (prosp . )
...
S. 5(1)(a) rep. ( prosp. ),
( c ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) .
S. 5(1 ) (d) added ( prosp.)
S. 5(3) rep . ( in relation
to new regional water
boards) ( prosp.).
S. 6(1) am. (prosp. )
...
S. 8 rep. ( prosp .)
39, S.L. (Re-
peals).
65 , ss . 148( 1)(8),
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 29, sch.
29.
65 , SS . 148 ( 8),
237(1) , sch . 17
para. 30, sch.
29.
65, s . 148(8), sch .
17 para. 31.
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 32.
65, ss. 148( 8),
237(1 ), sch. 17
para. 33, sch .
29.
65, s. 148(8), sch.
17 para. 33.
65, SS. 148( 8),
237(1), sch. 17
para. 33, sch.
29.
65, s . 148(8) , sch.
17 para. 34.
65, SS. 148( 8),
237(1 ), sch. 17
para. 35, sch.
29.
Effect ofLegislation cxcvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 78 -cont.
Water (Scotland ) Act S. 10(1)(2) rep. (prosp. ) 65, ss.
148( 8),
1967 -cont.
237(1), sch . 17
para. 36(a) ,
sch. 29.
S. 10(3) am. (prosp.)...
S. 10( 4)(5) rep. (prosp.)
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 36( b).
65, ss. 148(8),
237 ( 1), sch. 17
para . 36(a) ,
sch. 29.
S. 11 subst . ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 148(8), sch.
17 para. 37.
S. 12 am. ( prosp.)
S. 13 am. (prosp. )
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 38.
...
65 , s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 39.
S. 17 am. ( prosp. )...
65, s . 148(8), sch.
17 para. 40.
rep . (regional water 65, ss. 148( 8),
boards) (prosp.). 237(1), sch. 17
para. 40, sch.
29 .
Pt. III (ss. 18-24 ) rep. 65, SS. 148( 8),
( prosp. ).
237(1 ), sch. 17
para. 41 , sch.
29.
S. 26 subst . (prosp . )
..
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
S. 28 rep . ( prosp . )
65, 17 para. 42.
...
ss. 148( 8),
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 43, sch.
29 .
S. 29 rep . (regional water 65, SS. 148( 8),
boards) (prosp.).
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 44, sch.
29.
S. 32(1) subst. ( prosp .),
( 5 )added ( prosp . ) .
S. 33( 4) am. ( prosp . )
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65,
s. 148( 8) , sch.
17 para. 45.
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 46.
65, ss. 148(8),
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 46, sch.
29.
65, ss. 148( 8),
237( 1), sch. 17
para . 47(a) ,
sch . 29 .
S. 34(1 ) definitions of
" constituent council ",
local authority " ,
“
region ", " regional
water board " rep.
(prosp . ) , " first
appointed day " ,
"second appointed
day " rep. in pt.
( prosp .).
"contributory auth-
ority " am. ( prosp.).
S. 36( 2 ) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ).
Part III
65, s . 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 47(b).
37, s. 40 (3)( 4),
sch. 9.
2A3
cxcviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 78 -cont .
c. 80
Water (Scotland ) Act Sch. 1 Pt. I rep. (prosp. ) 65, SS. 148( 8),
1967 -cont.
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 48, sch .
29 .
Pt. II subst. ( prosp. )
65, s. 148( 8), sch.
17 para. 49.
Sch. 2 para. 13 rep.
( prosp. ).
para. 16 rep.
( 1.4.1974 ).
Sch. 3 appl. (mod. )
Sch. 3 para. 2 am.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 4 rep. (regional
water boards) (prosp.).
65, s . 237(1), sch.
29 .
37, s. 40(3)( 4),
sch. 9.
65, s . 135(7) .
65, s. 148(8), sch .
17 para. 50.
65, ss. 148(8),
237( 1), sch. 17
para. 51 , sch.
29.
Sch. 4 rep. in pt. and am.
( water development
boards ) ( prosp.).
65, SS. 148 ( 8),
237( 1), sch. 17
paras. 52-63,
sch. 29.
Sch . 5 para. 26 am. and 65, s. 209(1), sch .
rep. in pt . (prosp.).
25para. 39.
Criminal Justice Act 1967 Excl . ( prosp.)
62 , s. 22( 6 ).
S. 26( 1) am. ( prosp. )..
62 , s. 56 ( 1), sch. 5
Ss. 31 (1 ) (2) rep. , 32( 2)
rep. in pt.
S. 32(2) am.
para. 16.
14, s. 21( 2 ), sch.
2 .
... 14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
para. 4.
S. 32(3)(a) am. (prosp.) ... 62, s . 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 17.
S. 32( 4) rep .
14, s. 21 ( 2), sch.
2 .
Ss. 37-42 rep . (prosp.)
62, s. 56(2), sch .
6 .
62, s . 32( 4) .
S. 44(10) appl. (mod. )
( prosp. ).
S. 47 rep. (prosp. )
..
62, s. 56(2), sch .
6.
S. 48(1) am. ( prosp. )
62, s. 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 18.
Ss. 48(1) rep. in pt.
62, s. 56(2), sch.
( prosp) , ( 2) rep .
6 .
( prosp. ), 50 rep. in pt.
( prosp .), 52 , 53, 54
(1 ) -(3 ) (5) (7) rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 54(8) am . ( prosp. )
...
S. 55 rep . ( prosp . )
S. 56(1 )(a)(2) am. (prosp.)
S. 57 rep . ( prosp. )
...
Ss. 60, 61 appl . ( prosp.) ...
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 19.
62, s . 56(2) , sch .
6.
62, s. 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 20.
62, s . 56(2), sch .
6 .62, s. 29( 5).
Effect ofLegislation cxcix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1967:
c. 80 -cont. Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Criminal Justice Act 1967 -cont.
S. 62(6 ) am. (prosp.)
S. 67(2) am. (prosp.)..
S. 73(8A) subst. ( prosp.)
S. 74(12) am. (prosp.)...
S. 84(1) definition of
" committed for sen-
tence" am. (prosp.).
Ss. 95 (except subs. ( 1)),
96 , 99 rep. ( prosp.).
S. 104(1 ) definitions of
" extended sentence
"
certificate", suspen-
ded sentence " subst.
( prosp.).
S. 105( 1 )(2) гep .......
S. 106(2)(b) am. (prosp. )
S. 106(3)(b) rep. in pt.
( prosp.).
Sch. 3 Pt. I rep. in pt....
rep. in pt.
{
c. 81... ... Companies Act 1967... S. 28 appl.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 6 para. 6 rep.
( prosp.).
S. 37(1) am.
S. 44(8) rep .
Pt. II (ss . 58-108) am. S. 59( 6) am.... Ss . 60-69 am . S. 60(1)(a) rep. in pt.
S. 60(1)(e ) am. S. 60(2)(a) rep. in pt .
S. 60(4) am. (saving)
S. 61 am.
S. 61(2) am.
S. 62 Power to am.
S.64 rep.
S. 65 rep . (saving)
S. 66 rep.
S. 68 rep . (saving)
Ss . 70(3 ) , 71 (3)(4) , 72( 2)
( 3), 75(2) , 76(2) rep .
62, s. 56(1 ) , sch . 5
para. 21 .
62, s . 56( 1 ) , sch . 5
para. 22.
62, s. 56( 1), sch . 5
para. 23.
62, s . 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 24.
62, s. 56(1), sch. 5
para. 25.
62, s. 56( 2), sch.
6 .
62, s. 56(1), sch . 5
para. 26.
36, s . 41 (1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
62, s . 56(1), sch. 5
para . 27.
62, s. 56(2), sch .
6.
18, s. 54(1), sch .
3 .
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
50 , s. 14( 2 ), sch.
4 .
62, s. 56(2) , sch.
6.
38, s . 75( 3)(d) .
58, s. 25.
51 , s . 59(7), sch.
22 Pt. V.
58, s . 54( 2).
58, s. 44 (1).
58, s . 55( 5) .
58, s . 54(3) , sch .
2.
58, s . 40.
58, s . 54(3), sch.
2.
58, s . 52(8).
58, s . 2(1 ) .
58, s . 54(1 ), sch . 1
para. 10.
58, s . 1 (1)(2) .
58, s . 54(3), sch .
2 .
58, s . 54 (3)(4),
sch. 2.
58, s . 54(3), sch .
2 .
58, s. 54( 3)(4),
sch. 2.
58, s. 54( 3), sch.
2 .
Part III
2A4
CC Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 81 -cont. Companies Act 1967- S. 77(1 ) am.
cont.
c . 83
c . 84
...
Sea Fisheries ( Shellfish ) S. 7(4) paras . (b)- (e) mod.
Act 1967 .
S. 16(2) para. ( e ) added
(1.5.1974) .
S. 23( 3) rep.
..
58, ss. 52 ( 4 ), 54
( 1 ), sch. 1 para.
11 .
S. 79(2)(3) rep .
... 58, s . 54(3) , sch .
2 .
S. 80 rep . (saving)
58, s . 54( 3)(4),
sch . 2.
Ss. 82, 83 rep . ( prosp.)
..
58, ss. 54(3), 57
( 7 ), sch. 2.
S. 84( 1 ) (a) rep . in pt.
58, s . 54(3) , sch .
2 .
S. 84( 1 ) (b) (i) am.
..
58, s. 54(1), sch. 1
para. 12.
S. 84(1 )(b)(ii)(iii) rep .
...
58, s . 54(3) , sch .
2 .
Ss. 84( 2) , 85(1 ) am.
58, s. 52(8).
( saving ).
S. 85( 2 ) rep.
...
58, s. 54(3), sch .
2 .
Ss. 88-91 ext .
58, s . 52(7 ) .
S. 89 am.
58, s . 52(7) .
S. 92 rep. (saving)
58, s. 54(3)(5),
sch. 2.
S. 93 rep. ( saving)
...
58, s. 54(3)(6),
sch. 2.
S. 94 ext.
..
58, s. 55( 3) .
S. 94 ( 4) am.
58, s. 54(1 ), sch. 1
para. 13.
S. 98 am.
58, s. 54(1 ), sch. 1
S. 102(2)-(4) ext.
para. 14.
58, s . 55( 3).
Ss. 102(2) definition of 58, s. 54(3), sch .
" officer " , 103 rep .
2 .
S. 104 am.
58, s. 55(5).
Ss . 105, 106 rep .
... 58, s. 54 (3), sch.
2 .
S. 109( 1 ) ( f) rep. ( saving) 58, s . 54( 3)( 4),
sch. 2.
S. 110 (1) am.
58, s. 54(1 ) , sch . 1
para. 15.
S. 111 (1) am.
...
58, s . 54(1 ), sch. 1
para. 16.
S. 116 am.
...
58, s. 54(1), sch. 1
рага. 17.
Schs. 5, 6 rep . in pt.
...
58, s. 54(3), sch.
2 .
64, s. 5( 2), sch . 3
para. 5.
30, s. 1 .
c. 86
Sea Fish (Conservation)
Act 1967.
Countryside (Scotland )
Act 1967.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 2(1), (2)(b) rep. in pt. 65, s . 237(1), sch .
( prosp. ), (d )( 8) rep .
29.
( prosp. ).
S. 41 (1)(b) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 209(1),
( prosp . ).
237(1 ), sch. 25
para. 40, sch .
29.
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation cci
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 86 -cont . Countryside (Scotland )
Act 1967-cont.
c. 88... ...
c. 90... ...
с. 91...
C.A.M. No. 2 ..
1968:
c. 2... ...
c. 3
..
c . 7... ...
c. 10... ...
c. 13...
c .14
... ...
c. 16
S. 49(6)(7) rep. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 53 saved ( prosp.)...
S. 57 am. (16.5.1975)...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
65, s . 69( 3).
65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
171 .
S. 78(1 ) definitions of-
" district council " rep.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ).
29.
“
local authority ",
65, s . 214(2) , sch .
"planningauthority"
27 Pt. II para.
am . ( 16.5.1975) .
172.
Leasehold Reform Act Pt. I ( ss. 1-37 ) ext.
... 26, s. 12(1) .
1967.
S. 28(5)(d) , (6 )( c ) subst. 32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ) .
para. 111.
S. 39 (1) (b ) rep .
...
9, s . 23(3), sch. 6.
Family Allowances and
S. 1( 4 ) subst. ( prosp.)
...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
National Insurance Act
sch . 27 para.
1967.
76.
Ss. 1 ( 5) rep. ( prosp.), 2(3)
38, s . 100(2)(b),
rep. in pt. ( prosp.), 3( 2),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
sch. 1 Pt. II rep.
( prosp. ).
Coal Industry Act 1967... S. 1 rep....
S. 3 (1) am. , (1A)(1B)( 4A)
8, s. 13(2), sch . 2.
8, s . 4 .
added, (5 ) am.
Extra- Parochial Ministry S. 2(5) rep. in pt .
Measure 1967 .
16, s. 1( 4 ), sch . 2
Pt. II .
Provisional Collection of
Taxes Act 1968 .
Capital Allowances Act
1968
S. 6( 3) rep .... ...
S. 83(4)(c) am. (16.5.1975) London Cab Act 1968 ...
S. 4( 3) am.
S. 4A added
Rep.
...
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
173.
20, s. 1.
20 , s. 2.
S.I. No. 338.
Transport Holding Com-
pany Act 1968 .
National Loans Act 1968
S. 5 appl .
... ... 11, s . 1( 3)( a ).
S. 5(2 ) excl .
Ss. 12( 7 ) rep. in pt . , 21( 4) 39,
8, s. 1( 6 ) . S.L. ( Re-
rep.
peals ) .
S. 23(2) rep .
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 5 rep. in pt....
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
Public Expenditure and Ss. 1 , 2 rep . (prosp .), 7(2)
38, s . 100(2)(b) ,
Receipts Act 1968. rep. in pt. (prosp.), sch .
sch . 28 Pt. I.
2 rep. (prosp. ), sch. 3
para. 1(b ) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 3 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
para 1( b )
am.
( prosp. ).
New Towns ( Scotland) S. 1 mod.
Act 1968. S. 6(1 ) am. ( prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch . 5 .
38, s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch . 27 parга .
77.
56, s . 47(1).
65, s. 184, sch . 23
para. 7.
ccii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 16 -cont. New Towns (Scotland )
Act 1968-cont.
Ss. 11 rep. (saving), 22(1)
(2)(5) (6) rep .
S. 23(2)( i) am. (prosp.) ...
Ss. 33 rep. ( prosp. ), 34
rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
S. 35(2) am. (prosp.)...
S. 36(2) (a)(i ) am. ( prosp.)
S. 41(2) am. ( prosp . )
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 47(1 ) definitions of-
" local authority ",
" local highway
authority ", " plan-
ning authority " am .
( prosp.), " regional
planning authority
"
and " district plan-
ning authority "
"regional water board"
added (prosp . ). rep. (prosp.) , (6) rep.
in pt. (prosp . ) , (7)
rep. ( prosp. ).
Sch. 1 para. 2 am. ( prosp.)
c. 17
c. 18... ...
с. 19... ...
26, s. 86, sch . 3.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 8.
65, s. 237( 1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 9.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 10.
65, s . 184, sch. 23
para. 11.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 12.
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch .
29.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 13.
Education Act 1968 ..
Sch. 6 para. 4 mod.
para. 8 rep. ( saving)
Sch. 1 para. 2 rep. in pt.
Consular Relations Act S. 1(6 ) am. ( prosp.)
56, s . 53( 2) .
26, s . 86, sch . 3.
16, s. 1( 4 ), sch . 2
Pt. II.
...
38, s . 100( 2)(a),
1968.
sch. 27 para.
78.
Criminal Appeal Act S. 10(3)(c)(iii) am. ( prosp.)
1968.
S. 11 (4) am. ( prosp .)
62, s . 56(1 ), sch . 5
рага. 28.
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 29.
Ss. 24-28 rep .
14, s . 21 (2) , sch .
2 .
S. 30 expld . (prosp. )
S. 31(1) am.
S. 31 (2)(g) rep .
..
62, s . 36(1) .
14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
para. 5( a).
14, s. 21( 2), sch.
2 .
S. 34 excl . ( prosp.)
62, s. 40( 4)( a ).
Ss. 39-41 rep.
14, s . 21(2), sch.
2 .
S. 42(1)( 2) expld. (prosp . ) 62 , s. 36(1).
S. 44 am. 14, s. 21(1 ), sch. 1
para. 5(b) .
S.44( d ) rep. 14, s . 21(2) , sch.
2.
S. 52(2) rep . 39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect of Legislation cciii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1968:
c. 19 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
с. 21
с. 23
c. 27
с. 29
Criminal Appeal Act Sch. 2 para. 3 am.
1968 -cont.
Sch . 5 rep. in pt .
Pt. II rep.
Criminal Appeal
( Northern Ireland ) Act
1968.
S. 8 excl.
S. 20(1) mod. (temp.)
S. 48A (5) am.
S. 52 гер .
Rent Act 1968
S. 1(1)( a) replaced
S. 1( 3) am.
S. 2(1) proviso added
Ss . 20(2), 22(2) excl .
S. 25 excl . ... ..
Ss. 25(4)(a), 31 (a) am.
Ss . 33, 36 appl .
S. 40(3) am . (prosp . )
S. 57(1 )(a) am.
S. 86 excl .
S. 93(5) added
Sch. 3 Cases 5, 8, 10 para.
( b), Pt. III para. 2(a)
mod.
Sch. 11 saved
...
Firearms Act 1968
Trade Descriptions Act Ext.
1968
Sch. 15 rep . in pt .
S.46( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 3(1) am. (gold, silver, etc.) (1.1.1975)
S. 4 ext. (1.1.1975)
S. 5(3) appl. (1.1.1975)
S. 26 ext . ( 1.1.1975)
S. 26(1) rep. in pt. ( S.)
( prosp. )
14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
para. 5(c ).
14, s. 21 (2), sch.
2 .
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
53, s . 2( 6) .
53, s. 2 ( 7 ).
S.I. No. 2163 .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
9, s. 14 (1).
9, s. 14 ( 2 ).
9, s. 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 11(1).
9, s . 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 1 ( 3) .
9, s. 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 4.
26, s . 20(11).
9, s . 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 1(6 ) .
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para .
79.
26, s . 20(11).
9, s . 14( 4), sch . 5
para. 5( 2).
9, s . 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 8.
9, s. 14( 4), sch. 5
para. 9.
9, s. 14 ( 4 ), sch. 5
para. 5(2) .
9, s. 23( 3), sch . 6.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
41, s. 133.
43, s. 1( 4) .
43, s . 1 ( 7 )(b ) .
43, s. 1( 8).
43, s. 9(1 ) .
65, ss . 214( 2),
237(1), sch . 27
Pt. II para. 174
( a ), sch. 29.
S. 26( 1 ) am. (S.) (16.5.
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
1975) , (3)(b) am. (16.5.
27 Pt. II para.
1975 ) 174.
Ss . 27-29 appl. (mod. ) 43, s. 9(7 ).
( Ν.Ι. ) (1.1.1975)
Ss. 27-29 ext. ( mod. ) 43 , s. 9(3) .
(1.1.1975 ), 30 ext.
(mod.) in pt. (1.1.1975)
Ss. 28( 5), 29 am.... 41, s. 130.
S. 30(2)-(4) rep . 41, s. 139, sch. 13 .
S. 31 ext. ( mod .) (1.1. 43, s. 9( 3).
1975 )
cciv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1968:
c. 29 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
Trade Descriptions Act S. 33 appl . (mod. ) (N.I.)
1968 -cont .
( 1.1.1975 )
ext. ( mod. ) (1.1.1975 )
S. 39(2) appl. ( 1.1.1975)
S. 40( 2)-(4), (7) rep ....
43, s. 9(7 ) .
43, s. 9( 3).
43, s . 1( 9).
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
с. 31...
Housing (Financial Pro-
visions) ( Scotland) Act
1968.
S. 40 (5) rep .
Ss. 29(5), 31( 4) am.
(16.5.74) .
S. 51 (3) rep . (prosp.)
S.I. No. 2163 .
65, s. 121 .
...
65 , SS. 130( 3),
237(1), sch. 12
para. 21, sch.
29.
c. 32 ......
Industrial Expansion Act S. 8( 3) subst .
1968.
S. 8( 4 ) am.
S. 17 rep.
7, s. 1( 2).
...
...
7, s . 1 ( 3).
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 34 ...... Agriculture (Miscellan- S. 9 excl . (E.)... ...
eous Provisions) Act
excl. (S. )... ...
1968.
S. 12 excl . (E.)... ...
excl . (S. ).. ...
appl . (S. )...
mod. ( E.)... ...
26, s . 59( 2)(b) .
56, s . 55( 2)(b).
26, s. 48( 5) .
56, s. 44 ( 4 ).
56, s . 45(7)(c) .
26, ss . 59( 2)(a),
61( 3).
mod. (S.)
... ...
56, ss . 55(2)(a),
56( 8), 57( 3), 58
( 3) ( 6 ), sch. 1 .
S. 15(1) rep. ( saving )
26, ss. 48( 4)(6 ),
86, sch. 3 .
S. 15( 2 ) excl .
S. 15( 3) excl .
S. 21(1) excl.
S. 22 rep . (1.4.1974 )
...
26, s . 59(2)(b) .
56, s . 55(2)(b).
37, s. 19( 4), sch. 5
para. 12(2) .
...
37 , S. 40 ( 3), sch.
9.
Ss . 24-27 ext .... ... 37, s . 19( 4), sch. 5
para. 12(1) .
Ss . 27(6 ), 28 rep. (1.4. 37, s . 40(3), sch.
1974 ).
9.
S. 29 ext .
37, s . 19( 4), sch. 5
para. 12(1) .
S. 42 rep. (saving)...
26, ss. 48( 4)(6 ),
86, sch. 3.
S. 49 rep... ...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 50(2) rep . (1.4.1974 )...
37, s. 40(3) , sch .
9.
S. 54( 4) rep. in pt.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
c. 38... ...
subst.
c. 40... ...
Sale of Venison (Scot- S. 3 definition of " local
land) Act 1968 .
authority "
( prosp. ) .
S. 1( 4 ) rep. (prosp. )...
65, s. 188, sch . 24
para. 44.
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
c. 41.. ...
Family Allowances and
National Insurance Act
1968.
Countryside Act 1968 S. 15(1 ) am ....
S. 22( 1 ) rep . (1.4.1974 )...
54, s . 1 (1) (b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 9.
37, s. 40( 3), sch.
9.
Effect of Legislation CCV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 41 -cont.
Countryside Act 1968- S. 22(2)-(5) am. (1.4. 37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
cont. 1974 ). para. 92.
Ss. 37, 46(2) am.... 54, s . 1 (1 )(b)(7) .
sch. 1 para. 9,
S. 49( 2) definitions of
" river authority" , 37, s. 40 ( 3), sch.
9.
" statutory water un-
dertakers " rep. (1.4.
1974 ).
Sch. 2 para. 6 ext ....
с. 42
с .44
..
Prices and Incomes Act Rep. (except s. 12 )
1968 .
... Finance Act 1968...
S. 3 rep.
...
...
S. 41(7) rep. in pt....
S. 43( 5 ) am.
S. 56 rep.
...
c.46... Health Services and
Public Health Act 1968
Apptd. day for S. 26 (E.)
( 1.9.1973 )
S. (1 )- (3) am. (E.) ( prosp. )
S. 1( 3 ) rep. in pt. (E.)
( prosp. )
S. 2(1) am. (E.) ( prosp. )
Ss . 3( 3), 5-7 rep. (prosp.),
8 rep . (E.) (prosp.),
9(1) rep. ( prosp. )
Ss. 10, 11 rep . ( E.)(prosp. )
S. 16 rep . ( prosp.)
S. 17( 1 ) am. ( prosp.)
...
...
Ss. 18 ( 1 ) (3) rep . (prosp.),
( prosp
21 rep. ( E.)(prosp. ),
. ) , 22
rep. (prosp. ), 23, 24
rep . (E.) (prosp. ), 27(1)
rep . (prosp.) , 28(1 ) rep .
in pt. (prosp.)
S. 28(2) am. (E.) (prosp.)
S. 29(1 ) am. (Ε. ) (prosp.)
S. 30( 1 ) am. (E.) (prosp.)
S. 31 am. (E.) (prosp. ) ...
S. 32 am. (E.) ( prosp .) ...
S. 34 rep. (prosp.)
S. 36( 1 ) (a) rep. in pt.
( prosp. )
S. 36(1 )(b) am . ( prosp.)
S. 39(1) rep. in pt. ( E.)
( prosp. )
64, s. 5(1), sch. 2
para. 5(1)( j ).
9, s. 23( 3), sch. 6.
51 , s . 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. I.
36, s . 41(1), sch.
6Pt. I.
51, s. 44.
51 , s . 59( 7) , sch.
22 Pt. V.
S.I. No. 1187.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 112.
32, s. 57, sch. 5 .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 112.
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
32, ss. 2( 3), 57,
sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 113.
32 , s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 114.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 115.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 116.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 117.
32, s. 57, sch . 4
para. 118.
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 5 .
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 119.
32, s. 57, sch . 5.
ccvi Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c.46 -cont . Health Services and
Public Health Act 1968
-cont.
S. 40 (1) am. (E.) (prosp.) 32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 120.
S. 45(4)(b) am. ( prosp.) ... 32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 121.
S. 48( 2) subst. ( prosp. )... 32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 122(1 ) .
S. 48(3) rep . (prosp.)...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 122( 2 ),
sch . 5.
32, s . 57, sch. 5.
S. 57 definition of " local
health authority " rep.
( prosp. )
S. 62( 1 ) am. (prosp. )...
S. 63(1)(a)(b) am. (E.)
( prosp. ), ( 2 )(a) am.
( prosp. ), (b) am. (E.)
( prosp. )
S.63 (4)(7) rep. (E.) (prosp.)
( 8 ) rep. in pt. (E. )
( prosp. )
S. 63(8) am. ( E.) (prosp.)
32, ss . 57, 58(5) ,
sch . 4 para .
123.
32, s. 57, sch . 4
para.
124(1 )–
( 4 ).
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 124(5) .
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
S. 64(3)(a ) rep. in pt.
( prosp .)
S. 64(3)(a)(b) am. ( prosp. )
S. 65(2), (3)(b) rep. in pt.
( prosp . )
S. 65(3 ) (b) am. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 65(6) am. (16.5.1975)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 125.
32, s. 57, sch . 5 .
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 126.
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
175.
rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, ss. 214 (2),
237(1), sch . 27
Pt. II para .
175, sch . 29.
S. 67 rep . (E.) (prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
S. 67(2) (cc) added (16.5.
65, s . 214(2), sch.
1975 )
27 Pt. II para.
176.
S. 69 rep . ( prosp. )
...
32, s . 57, sch . 5.
S. 70( 1 ) am. (prosp.)
...
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 127.
S. 70( 2) rep. in pt. (prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
S. 71 (3) subst . (16.5.1975)
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
177.
S. 76(2) am. ( 16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
178 .
Sch. 1 rep. ( prosp . ), sch. 3
32, s . 57, sch . 5.Pts. 1 rep. in pt . (prosp .)
II para. (b) rep . (prosp.)
Effect ofLegislation ccvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968: -cont.
c. 47 Sewerage (Scotland ) Act Functions of local auth- 65, s . 143.
1968. orities transferred to
regional and islands
councils (prosp .).
S. 3( 3) am. (16.5.1975)...
Ss. 3( 4 ) rep. in pt. (prosp.) ,
5 rep. ( prosp.), 6 rep.
in pt. ( prosp. ) .
S. 7(1 )-(3) am. (16.5.1975)
S. 7( 4) rep . (prosp.)...
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt . II para.
179.
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch.
29.
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
27 Pt. II para
180(a) -(c ) .
65, SS. 214 ( 2 ),
237(1 ), sch . 27
Pt. II para.
180( d), sch . 29.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 214(2 ), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
181.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
S. 16(1 )(b)( c) rep. in pt.
( prosp.).
S. 18( 3) subst. (16.5.1975)
Ss. 18( 4)-(6 ), 19, 59(1)
definitions of " area
burgh rate ",
,
", " coun-
ty rate ", " special dis-
trict sewer rate " гер .
( prosp.) .
S. 59(1 ) definitions of
" local authority " am.
"
(16.5.1975) , general
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. I para.
182.
rate " and " regional
rate subst. (16.5 .
1975 ).
Sch. 1 para. 1 rep.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
29.
c. 48 International Organisa- S. 1 excl .
68, s. 1.
tions Act 1968.
Sch. 1 para. 13 am.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
( prosp . ).
sch . 27 para.
80.
с . 49
Social Work (Scotland) S. 1 ( 2 ) am. (16.5.1975) ... 65, s. 214(2), sch .
Act 1968 . 27 Pt. II para.
183 .
S. 1( 3)(6 ) rep . ( prosp . )... 65, ss. 214(2),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
183, sch. 29.
S. 2 excl . (prosp . )
65, s . 56(8)(9) .
S. 2(2)( bb) added (16.5. 65, s . 214( 2), sch.
1975).
27 Pt. II para.
184.
S. 2(2)(c) am. ( prosp. )
...
29, s. 14, sch . 5
para. 7.
S. 2( 3) rep . (prosp.)
...
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
S. 3 excl . (prosp.)
65, s. 64(4)(5 ) .
Pt. II (ss. 12-29 ) ext. 29, s . 11(5).
( mod. ) (prosp.).
ccviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c . 49 -cont.
Social Work ( Scotland) S. 22 rep. in pt. (prosp.) ... 65, ss. 209(1),
Act 1968-cont.
237( 1), sch. 25
para. 41, sch.
29.
S. 28(2) am. ( prosp . )...
38, s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
81 .
S. 36 excl. ( prosp. )
...
65, s . 64 ( 4)(5).
S. 36( 1 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65, ss . 214( 2 ),
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
185( a), sch. 29.
S. 36( 2) subst. (16.5. 65, s. 214(2), sch .
1975 ). 19759
27 Pt. II para .
185( b ).
S. 36( 3)(7) rep. (prosp. )...
65 , ss. 214(2),
237( 1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
185( c ), sch. 29.
S. 94(1 ) definitions of-
" prescribed " para (a)
65, s . 214(2), sch.
am. (16.5.1975) .
27 Pt. II para.
186.
"probation am. ( prosp.).
order"
62, s. 56(1), sch. 5
para. 30.
Ss. 96 rep. , 97( 2) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
pt.
Pt. I.
Sch. 3 saved ( prosp .) 65, s. 161( 9).
para. 3 excl. 65, s. 56(8)(9) .
( prosp.) . para. 3 rep. in pt.
65, ss. 214( 2 ),
( prosp . ).
237(1), sch. 27
Pt. II para.
187( a), sch . 29.
paras. 3 am.
65, s. 214(2), sch.
5A added :::
27 Pt. II paга.
187.
c. 53... ... Adoption Act 1968...
S.I. No. 18.
c . 54... Theatres Act 1968 ...
Apptd. dayfor ss. 4 in pt. ,
8( 2) - (5), 10-14 ( 1.2 . 12
1973).
Ss. 13 rep. , 14 ( 3) rep. in
pt .
S. 15(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
36 s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, ss. 188, 237
( 1), sch. 24
para. 45 , sch.
29.
65, s. 188, sch. 24
para. 45.
c. 56
c. 57...
Swaziland Independence
Act 1968 .
Overseas Aid Act 1968 ...
S. 18(1) definition of
“ licensing authority"
para. (c ) am. (prosp .) .
Sch. para. 8( 3) rep.
S. 4 rep. (saving)
...
c. 59
Hovercraft Act 1968
...
S. 5(1) rep .
... ...
c . 60...
Theft Act 1968
...
с . 61
Civil Aviation Act 1968
S. 28 saved (prosp. )
S. 36(2) rep . , (3) rep. in pt.
S. 3(1) am. (S.) (16.5.
1975 )
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
21 , ss . 2(3), 6(2) ,
schs . 1, 2.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
62, s. 14 (8).
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
188.
Effect ofLegislation ccix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1968
c. 61 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Civil Aviation Act 1968 S. 13(1) rep.
-cont.
c. 63...
Domestic and Appellate
Proceedings ( Restric-
tion of Publicity ) Act
1968
c .64.. .. Civil Evidence Act 1968
c. 65... Gaming Act 1968... c. 66 S. 14( 9) am. (S. ) (16.5 . 65,
1975 )
... ... 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 214(2),
sch. 27 Pt. II
para. 189.
S.I. No. 2175 .
Ss. 24, 25(1) am. (1.4 .
1974), 25(1)(b) rep.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S.28(3) definition of" local
authority " am. (16.5 .
1975 )
S. 2(1)(a ) am. (c) subst.
S. 2(2) rep.
S. 2 ( 3) am.
S. 3( 4 ) rep. ...
S. 4( 3) rep. ... ...
S. 11 ext... ...
S. 11 (5)(a) am. ( prosp.) ... S. 18(1 ) saved
Ss . 19 rep. , 20(3) rep. in pt.
Sch. rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 40( 1 )(a) rep. in pt .
S. 40( 2 ) am.
S. 40( 4) rep . in pt.......
S. 44(3) am. ( prosp.)...
Sch. 2 para. 2(2) definition
of " the appropriate
local authority " para.
( b ) subst. (prosp.)
Sch. 9 para. 1( d ) am.
( prosp. ) para. 2rep. (prosp. )
Sch . 11 Pt. II rep. ( prosp.) Restrictive Trade Prac- Am.
tices Act 1968
Ss. 1-3 appl. (mod.)
... S. 5(1) (aa) added... S. 6 appl. (mod.) ...
S. 6(1)( h)(i) added...
S. 7 appl . (mod.)
S. 7( 3) am. , ( 3A) added
S. 9 am.... ...
...
...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
190.
18, s. 54(1) , sch. 2
para. 7(1) .
18, s. 54(1 ), sch . 2
para. 7(1), sch.
3.
18, s . 54(1 ), sch. 2
para. 7(1 ).
18, s. 54(1 ) , sch.
3.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
41, s. 36(1).
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 31.
41 , s. 36(1 )( 4).
36, s. 41 (1), sch .
6Pt. I.
38, s. 100 (2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt . I.
12, s. 1( 2 ).
12 , s. 1( 3).
12, s . 1( 2 ).
65, s. 187, sch. 24
para. 30.
65, s. 187, sch. 24
para. 31 .
65, s. 187, sch. 24
para. 32 .
65, ss. 187,237(1 ),
sch. 24 para.
32 , sch. 29.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29 .
41 , s . 94(2).
41, s. 116( 4), sch .
10 Pt. II.
41, s. 95.
41, s. 116( 4), sch .
10 Pt. II.
41, s. 139, sch.
12 .
41, s. 116( 4), sch .
10 Pt. II.
41, s. 104(2)
41, s. 116( 5) .
CCX Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 66 -cont. Restrictive Trade Prac-
tices Act 1968-cont .
S. 11 rep.
S. 12(3)(4) am.
S. 15 rep. in pt.
41, s. 139, sch.
13.
41, s. 139, sch .
12.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 1529.
c . 67... Medicines Act 1968...
Apptd. day for s. 90( 2 )
( 1.1.1974 )
Apptd. day for Ss. 77 and S.I. No. 1851 .
135( 2)( 4) in pt. (1.1 .
1974)
S. 55(2)(b) am. (prosp.) ... 32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
128.
S. 109(2)(c) replaced (16. 65, s. 214(2 ), sch.
5.1975 )
27 Pt. II para.
191.
Ss. 131 (5), 132(1) defi-
32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
"
nition of health
( 6 ), sch . 4para.
"
centre am. ( prosp.)
128.
S. 134( 2) rep.
36, s . 41(1) , sch.
6 Pt. I.
c. 69
Justices of the Peace Act S. 1( 1) rep. ( prosp. ), ( 2 ) 15, ss. 19( 1), 20,
1968
rep . in pt . ( prosp .) . sch . 5 Pt. II.
S. 1( 3) rep. in pt.... 15, ss. 19( 1), 20
(6 ), sch . 5 Pt. I.
S. 1(4 )-(6 ) rep. ( prosp.)... 15, ss. 19(1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II .
S. 1(7) rep. in pt.... 15, ss. 19(1), 20
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
Ss. 1 (8), 2 rep . ( prosp. ),
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
4 ( 1) -( 4) rep . (Ε.) (savi-
sch . 5 Pt. II .
ing) (prosp . ).
S. 4(5)(6 ) rep. ( prosp.)...
62, s. 56(2) , sch.
6 .
Ss. 7( 2) rep. in pt. , ( 3)
15, ss. 19( 1), 20
rep . (saving) , 8 (2) rep. ,
( 3 ) rep. in pt .
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
Sch. 1 rep. ( prosp. ), sch. 2
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
paras . 1, 3, 4 rep. in pt.
sch . 5 Pt . II.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 3 paras . 2(1) rep. in
15, ss. 19(1), 20
pt. , 9, 10(1) rep....
( 6 ), sch. 5 Pt. I.
Sch. 3 Pt. II , sch. 4 rep.
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
( prosp.).
sch . 5 Pt. II.
Sch. 4 am. ( prosp .).
..
38, s . 100(2) (a),
sch. 27 para.
14 .
Sch. 5 rep. (E.)
15, ss. 19( 1), 20
( 6 ), sch . 5 Pt. I.
c. 70
Law Reform (Miscellan-
S. 10 ext .
41, s. 36(1).
eous Provisions) (Scot-
S. 10(5)(a) am. (prosp . ) ... 62, s . 56(1), sch. 5
land ) Act 1968 .
para. 32.
S. 17(1) saved...
41, s . 36(1)( 4).
c. 71
Race Relatiors Act 1968 Ss. 16(1), 17(1 ), 24 am. ,
50 50, s . 14 ( 1), sch . 3
28(1) definition of " an
para. 10.agency " added, sch. 2
paras. 13, 16 am.
Effect of Legislation ccxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968: -cont.
c. 72... Town and Country Plan- Sch. 3 ext.
ning Act 1968 .
c. 73... Transport Act 1968...
...
26, ss. 50( 4), 53
( 5 ).
mod
Sch. 3A para. 10 am.
S. 9(1)(2) am. (S.) (prosp.)
26, s. 57(1).
26, s. 58(1) .
65, s. 150( 1), sch.
18 para. 1 (a)
(b ).
S. 9(2)( i) rep . (S.) (prosp.) 65,
SS. 150 (1 ),
237(1 ) , sch . 18
para. 1 (b), sch .
29 .
S. 9(3)-(5) am. ( S.)
( prosp. ), (7) added (S.)
( prosp.).
S. 10 (1)( xvi) rep. in pt.
( S.) (prosp.) .
65, s. 150(1), sch .
18 para. 1(c)-
(f).
65,
SS. 150(1 ),
23 237(1 ), sch . 18
para. 2(a), sch.
29.
am. (S. )
65, s . 150(1), sch .
( prosp. ).
S. 11 (1 ) am. (S.) (prosp . ),
(3A )
added ( S.)
( prosp.).
S. 11( 4) rep. (S.) (prosp.)
18 para. 2( b) .
65, s . 150(1 ), sch .
18 para. 3.
65, ss. 150(1 ),
237(1), sch . 18
para. 4, sch.
29.
S. 11 (5) rep . (S.) (prosp.)
S. 12( 4) rep. in pt. ( S.)
( prosp. ).
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, ss. 209(1),
237(1), sch. 25
para. 42, sch .
29.
S. 14(1 )(b), (3) am. (S.)
( prosp. ).
S. 14 (3) rep. in pt. (S.)
( prosp. ).
65, s . 150(1), sch.
18 para. 6.
65, SS. 150 (1),
237(1 ), sch . 18
para. 6(b) , sch .
29.
S. 15(1)(b)(c) subst. ( S.) ,
( 2 )( 3 ) am. ( S.) ( prosp. )
S. 15A added (S.) (prosp.)
S. 16(1) am. (S.) (prosp.)
65, s. 150(1), sch.
18 para. 7.
65, s. 150(1), sch .
18 para. 8.
65, s. 150(1), sch .
18 para. 9.
S. 16(2 ) rep . in pt. ( S.)
( prosp .), (3)-(5) rep .
( S. ) (prosp.) .
65, SS. 150( 1),
237(1 ), sch. 18
para. 9, sch.
29.
S. 18(1 )(2) rep . in pt. ( S.) 65, ss. 150 (1),
( prosp.). 237(1), sch. 18
para. 10, sch.
29.
S. 21(5)(a) rep. ( S.) 65, SS. 150 (1),
( prosp. ). 237( 1), sch. 18
para. 11 , sch.
29.
ccxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 73 -cont.
Transport Act 1968- S.
cont.
23(2)(3) am .
( S. )
65, s. 150 (1), sch .
( prosp.).
18 para. 12.
S. 26(1)(b) am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 150(1), sch.
18 para. 13.
S. 30(9) rep . ..
9, s. 23(3), sch. 6.
S. 34subst. (S.) ( prosp. )...
65, s. 150 (1), sch .
18 para. 14.
S. 35( 1 )(b)(iv) am. ( prosp.)
65, s . 150(1), sch.
18 para. 15 .
S. 36( 2) rep. in pt. ( S.)
65, ss. 209(1),
( prosp. ), ( 3)- ( 8) rep.
237( 1), sch. 25
( S.) ( prosp . ).
para. 43, sch.
29.
S. 37(1 ) rep . in pt. (S.)
65, ss. 209(1),
( prosp. ), ( 2 ) rep. (S.)
237(1 ), sch . 25
( prosp. ).
para. 44, sch.
29.
S. 44 rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 338.
S. 56(6 )(d) am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s . 150(1 ), sch.
18 para. 16.
S. 58 rep. ( prosp. )
...
65 .
ss. 150(1),
237( 1), sch. 18
para. 17, sch.
29 .
S. 63( 6 ) definition of
65, s. 150(1), sch.
" local authority"
18 para. 18.
para. (b) am. (prosp.).
S. 96(1 )- (6) excl. ( temp. )
67, s. 4 (2 )( c ).
S. 115( 3) subst. ( S.)
65, s. 150(1), sch.
( prosp. ).
18 para. 19.
S. 115(4) rep. (1.4.1974 )
37, s. 40 ( 3), sch.
9.
S. 123(1 ) rep. in pt. ( S.)
65, ss. 133(1),
( prosp. ).
237 (1) , sch. 14
para. 74, sch.
29 .
S. 124(4) am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 75.
S. 137 rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 338.
S. 138( 7)(8)(9)(a) rep. (S. ) 65,
ss. 209(1 ),
( prosp. ).
237(1), sch. 25
para. 45, sch.
29.
S. 138(9) (b) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 150 (1), sch .
18 para. 20.
S. 139( 1 )( c) am. (E.)...
26, s. 78( 5).
am. (S.)...
56, s. 73(5) .
S. 151 rep. (prosp.)
...
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
S. 159(1) definition of
65, s. 133( 1) , sch.
" highway authority
14 para. 76.
para. ( b )(ii ) am.
( prosp . ).
S. 160(2) (a) (b) replaced ...
51, s. 47( 8), sch.
19 para. 16.
S. 160(3) rep. in pt. , ( 4)
51 , s. 59( 7), sch.
гер.
22 Pt. V.
Effect of Legislation ccxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
1968:
c. 73 -cont. Transport Act 1968- S. 164(2) rep .... ...
cont.
c. 77
Sea Fisheries Act 1968
..
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 5 Pt. I rep. ( S.) 65, ss. 150(1 ),
( prosp. ).
237(1), sch. 18
para. 21(1),
sch. 29.
Pt. II paras . 1, 2
am. (S.) (prosp.).
Pt. III rep. in pt.
( S.) ( prosp.).
65, s. 150( 1 ) , sch.
18 para. 21 (2).
65, ss. 150(1 ),
237 (1), sch. 18
para. 21 ( 3),
sch. 29.
Pt. III para. 1 am.
( S. ) (prosp. ).
S. 20 rep. ...
65, s. 150 (1), sch.
18 para. 21(3).
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
C.A.M.:
No. 1 ...
... Pastoral Measure 1968 S. 90( 3) rep. (1.2.1974 )...
16, s. 1 ( 4 )(5), sch .
2 Pt. III .
1969:
c .4
... c. 10
...
National Insurance &c.
Act 1969.
Mines and Quarries ( Tips)
Act 1969. Rep. (prosp. )... ... 38, s . 100( 2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S. 11( 3)( b ) am. ( 16.5. 65, s. 214( 2), sch .
1975 ). 27 Pt. II para.
192.
S. 23(5) am. (S.) (16.5. 65, s. 121 .
c . 11
... National Theatre Act
1974 ). Rep....
... 2, s. 2( 2) .
1969.
c. 13
... Licensing (Scotland ) Act Rep. (prosp. )... ...
1969.
c. 15... Representation of the
People Act 1969. Am. (S. )...
S. 6( 1 ) rep . (S.) ( prosp.) ...
Ss. 6(1) rep. (N.I.), 8(4)
( c ) am.
S. 11( 3) am. ( prosp.)
...
rep. in
pt. ( prosp. ).
S. 11 (3A) added ( prosp.)
S. 12(2) rep . (prosp.)...
S. 13(1 )(b)(3) am. ( prosp. )
S. 13( 4) rep. ( prosp.), ( 5)
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) .
S. 14 am. ( prosp. )...
rep . in pt. (prosp.)
Ss. 15, 19(2 )(4) rep .
( prosp. ).
65, s . 237( 1 ), sch
29 .
65, s. 7(1).
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
S.I. No. 2095.
65, s. 11(3), sch. 3
para. 20.
65, ss. 11 (3), 237
( 1 ), sch. 3 para.
20 , sch. 29.
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
para. 20.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29 .
65, s. 11 ( 3), sch. 3
рага. 21 .
65, ss. 11 (3), 237
( 1), sch . 3 para.
21, sch . 29.
65, s. 11( 3), sch . 3
para. 22.
65, ss. 11 (3), 237
( 1), sch. 3 para.
22 , sch. 29.
65, s. 237(1 ) , sch .
29.
ccxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1969:
c. 15 -cont. Representation of the
People Act 1969-cont . S. 26 ( 4) rep. in pt....
Sch. 1 Pt. I rep. in pt.
( prosp. ), Pt. II paras. 1
( 1), 3 rep. ( prosp. ), 4
rep. in pt. ( prosp.), 6( 2),
7 rep. (prosp.).
Sch. 1 Pt. II para. 8(3)
am.
Sch . 1 Pt. II paras. 9,
10 (1) rep. in pt.
( prosp.), 12(1 ) proviso
rep . (S.) ( prosp.), 13( 3)
( 5 ), sch. 2 para. 23(2)
rep. ( prosp. ).
Sch. 2 para. 25 rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
29.
S.I. No. 2095.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29 .
para. 25(2)(b) am.
( prosp . ). paras. 26(3) rep.
( prosp.), 27, 28 rep. in
pt. ( prosp.), 29( 2)
( 2) rep.
( prosp. ), 30, 32, 33 rep.
in pt. ( prosp . ), 34-36
rep . ( prosp.), 37 rep.
in pt. ( prosp.).
Decimal Currency Act S. 18( 2 ) rep .
65, ss. 11( 3), 237
( 1), sch. 3 para.
23, sch. 29.
65, s. 11 (3), sch . 3
para. 23.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
c. 19
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
1969.
Pt. I.
Sch. 2 para. 10 rep.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
( prosp. ). para. 30 геp.
29.
( 1.4.1974 ) . 37, s. 40(3), sch .
9.
c. 22
Redundant Churches and S. 4(3)( 4 ) rep. in pt. (1.2.
16, s. 1(4)(5), sch .
other Religious Build-
1974) . 2 Pt. III.
ings Act 1969.
c. 27
Vehicle and Driving S. 33(1) definition of
65, s . 214(2), sch .
Licences Act 1969 . " local authority " am. 27 Pt. II para.
( 16.5.1975) . 46 .
c. 32 Finance Act 1969 S. 1 ( 1 )(2) , ( 5) (c) rep . 51 , s. 59(7) , sch.
22 Pt. I.
S. 16(2) rep . 36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 41 saved 51 , s . 39, sch. 16
para. 7.
S. 56 rep.
51 , s . 59 (7), sch.
22 Pt. V.
S. 58 am.
50, s. 4( 6 ).
Schs . 2-5, sch . 7 para. 3
51, s. 59( 7), sch.
rep. 22 Pt. I.
Sch. 19 para. 16( 2 ) rep.
51 , s. 59(7) , sch .in pt.
22 Pt. II.
c. 33 Housing Act 1969
S. 32(3 ) (4) rep .
26, s . 86, sch. 3.
Sch. 5 appl. ( mod. )
26, s . 73( 5) .
c . 34
Housing (Scotland ) Act S. 2 appl .
56, s . 38(6) .
1969 S. 25( 3) am. (16.5.1974 ) .
65, s. 121 .
Ss. 63, 64 reр. ...
26, s . 86, sch. 3 .
Effect ofLegislation CCXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1969:
c . 34 -cont. Housing ( Scotland) Act S. 65(5)(d) subst . (prosp.),
1969 -cont.
( 6 ) am. ( prosp. )
Sch. 2 para. 2 am.
( 16.5.74 )
c. 35
S. 44(2 ) rep .... ...
c. 37
c . 39...
c .40
Transport (London ) Act
1969
Employer's Liability ( De-
fective Equipment) Act
1969
Age of Majority ( Scot-
land) Act 1969
Medical Act 1969 ...
S. 2( 3) гер., ( 4) rep. in pt. 65, s. 130(3), sch .
12 para. 22
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 73.
51, s. 59( 7 ) , sch.
22 Pt. V.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
с .41
c. 42...
c .43
c .44
c . 45 c. 46
c. 47
c. 48
Sch. 1 rep. in pt. ( 25.7. 52, s. 16(2), sch. 5
1976 )
Pt. I.
S. 22 rep. in pt.
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
National Mod ( Scotland)
Act 1969
Rep. (prosp . )
... ... 65, s . 237(1), sch.
29.
Architects Registration
S. 4(2) rep. in pt.... 36, s. 41(1) , sch.
( Amendment) Act 1969
6 Pt. I.
Air Corporations Act
1969.
S. 4, sch. 2 rep. (1.4.1974) S.I. No. 2175.
National Insurance Act Ss. 1-4, 8( 2)(a)(d )(e), 9, 38, s . 100(2)(b),
1969 10 , sch. 3 rep. (prosp. ) sch . 28 Pt. I.
Iron and Steel Act 1969 Ss. 2(1), 4, 5 cont. in force
permanently S.I. No. 2044.
Family Law Reform Act S. 7(3)(4) am.
... ... 18, s. 54(1), sch. 2
1969
para. 8.
Ss . 13 , 28(4)( f) rep .
...
36, s . 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 Pt. I. rep. in pt.
29, s. 9(1 ), sch. 3 .
( prosp. )
Nurses Act 1969...
S. 6 rep. in pt. (prosp.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 129, sch .
5.
Post Office Act 1969 S. 3(1) rep. in pt....
19, s. 39(1), sch. 3
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2095.
S. 12(3) rep . , ( 4 ) am. , (5)
rep. in pt. , (6) am . , (9)
rep.
S. 27 appl .
..
S. 30( 7 ) definition of
" inland packet " subst.
S. 51 rep .
...
S. 53(5)(7) subst.
...
19, s. 3( 7 ).
S.I. No. 960.
42, s. 9(6), sch . 7.
65, s. 122, sch. 9
para. 74.
S.I. No. 2095.
S. 54(1) -(4) am. , (5)- (7) ,
( 9) definitions of
" annual revision ",
" interim revision".
,
" local authorities "
"
rep. , relevant year
"
subst.
S. 66( 4) rep. in pt. , (6 ) rep.
S. 84(3 ) am.
..
S. 86( 1 ) definitions of-
" local authority "
para. ( b ) am. (16.5.
1975 )
para. ( c ) subst.
S.I. No. 960.
S.I. No. 2163.
65, s . 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
193 .
S.I. No. 2095 ....
ccxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1969:
c. 48 -cont.
Post Office Act 1969-
cont .
"national healthservice
authority " am. ( prosp. )
32, ss. 57, 58( 5)
( 6 ), sch. 4para.
130.
S.I. No. 960.
" harbour ", " harbour
authority" ,"statutory
provision ( 2 )(a)( b)
rep. in in pt. , ( 2) (a)( b) a
am.
S. 121 rep. (prosp. )
...
S. 128(a)(d) rep ....
S. 139( 2 ) rep .
... ...
S. 139(3) am. and rep. in
pt.
S. 139( 4), sch. 4 para. 25
rep. , sch. 6 Pt. III rep.
inpt.
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2163 .
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2163 .
36, s . 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt. II.
c . 49...
Education (Scotland) Act 1969.
c. 50
... c. 51
Trustee Savings Banks
Act 1969.
Development of Tourism
Act 1969.
c. 52 Statute Law ( Repeals)
Act 1969 . S. 5(1)(2) rep. in pt....
c.54... Children and Young Per- S. 3(6 )(a) am. ( prosp. )...
sons Act 1969.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Sch. 6 Pt. III rep. in pt.
58, ss . 54( 3), 56,
sch . 2, sch. 3
para. 40, sch.
5.
Sch. 9 para. 48 rep. 38 , s . 100(2)( b),
( prosp. ) sch . 28 Pt. I.
S. 2(1) rep. ( prosp . )
...
65, 163( 4 ),
SS.
237( 1), sch. 21
para. 12, sch.
29.
S. 2(1)(e) am. (prosp. )...
65, s. 163( 4), sch .
21 para. 12.
S. 22 rep . (prosp.).
Sch. 4 para. 7( 2) proviso
rep. ( prosp. ) .
S. 97( 2 ) rep.... ...
24, s . 3( 3), sch. 2.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 14(2)(b) am. (16.5. 65, s. 214(2) , sch.
1975 ).
27 Pt. II para.
194 .
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
62, s. 56(1 ) , sch . 5
para. 33 .
S. 6(3) am. ( prosp.)
...
62, s . 56(1 ) , sch.
5para. 34 .
S. 7(2) rep . (prosp. )
62, s. 56(2) , sch .
6.
S. 13(2 ) am. (prosp. )
62, s . 56(1 ), sch. 5
para. 35.
S. 46(1) am. (prosp.)
...
62, s. 56(1 ) , sch. 5
para. 36.
S. 48 (5)(b) am. (prosp.)...
S. 63(6 )(g) am.
62, s. 56(1), sch. 5
para. 37.
18, s . 54(1) , sch. 2
para. 9.
S. 73(5) rep. in pt....
36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch . 3 paras . 6(1 ), 9(2)(b) ,
( 4)(b), 10( 4)(b) am.
( prosp. ).
62, s . 56( 1 ), sch. 5
para. 38.
Effect of Legislation ccxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1969:
c . 54 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Children and Young Per-
sons Act 1969 -cont. Sch. 4 para. 5(2) rep.
62, s. 56(2), sch .
( prosp. ).
6 .
para. 12(3) am.
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
( prosp. ).
para. 39.
Sch. 5 para. 45
rep. 62, s. 56(2), sch.
c. 55
( prosp. ).
6 .
Divorce Reform Act 1969 Rep.
.. 18, s . 54(1) , sch . 2
para. 5(1)(b),
sch. 3.
c. 57 Employers'
Liability Excl. (prosp. ). 50, s . 7( 2 ).
( Compulsory
Insur- S. 3(2) am. ( prosp. ).... 65, s. 159.
ance) Act 1969.
c. 58
Administration of Justice
S. 10( 2) rep. in pt.... 15, s. 19( 1 ), sch. 5
Act 1969.
Pt. III .
Ss. 33 rep. , 36( 3) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
pt . Pt. I.
c. 63 Police Act 1969 ... S. 1( 2 ) am. S.I. No. 2163....
S. 1( 4) rep . ... ... 36, s. 41(1) , sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 3(2), 4( 4) rep. in pt. , S.I. No. 2163 .
( 5 )(b ) am.
c. 65 ...
Ulster Defence Regiment S. 1(1) am.
... ... 34, s. 1( 1 ).
Act 1969 . S. 1( 6 ) rep .
34 , s. 1( 2 ).
S. 5 ext.
34 , s. 1 ( 4 ).
C.A.M .:
No. 2...
Synodical Government Sch . 3 am....
Measure 1969 .
S.I. No. 1865.
1970:
c. 2
c . 9
c . 10 ...
Industrial Development S. 2 rep .
( Ships) Act 1970.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt . I.
...
Taxes Management Act
S. 5( 2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) 65, s. 237(1 ), sch .
1970. 29.
S. 8 am. ...
51, s. 16 ( 8) .
S. 21 rep . in pt....
51, ss. 54, 59( 7),
sch . 21 para. 5,
sch . 22 Pt . IV.
S. 21 ( 7) definitions of
51 , s. 54, sch. 21
" broker " , " jobber
"
para. 5.
subst. (retrosp.).
S. 31(3) (c) added...
51 , s. 38( 8), sch .
15 para. 1 .
Pt. V (ss. 44-59) appl. 38, s. 5(3), sch. 2
( mod.) (6.4.1975) .
para. 9.
S. 72 ext. (prosp.)
38, s . 5(3), sch. 2
para. 6.
S. 86 excl . (6.4.1975)...
38, s. 5( 3) , sch . 2
para. 7.
appl....
51 , s. 38(8), sch.
15 para. 4(1) .
S. 88 ( 1 ) (4)(5)(a)(b) ext.
38, s. 5( 3), sch. 2
( 6.4.1975) .
para. 7.
S. 98 ext. (6.4.1975 )...
38, s. 1( 4), sch. 1
para. 5( 2) .
S. 98(3) Table am....
51, ss. 21 ( 4), 32
(5) , 38(8 ), sch .
15 para. 3.
... Income and Corporation
Power to appl. (mod.) 38, s. 1 ( 4), sch. 1
Taxes Act 1970.
(6.4.1975 ) .
para. 5(1)(b) .
ccxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1970:
c. 10 -cont. Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 -cont. Ext. (under sea activities)
Pt. I, ch. II (ss. 5-27 ) excl .
( 6.4.1975 ) .
S. 7 am.
...
S. 8(2)(b) am. ( prosp. )
51 , s. 38, sch. 15.
38, s . 5(3), sch . 2
para. 3( 2)( a) .
51 , s. 12 (1).
38, s . 100 (2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
82.
S. 16(1 ) am. , (2)( b) subst. ,
51 , s . 12(2) .
(2A) (2B) added, ( 3) am.
S. 24(3)( a) am. ( prosp . )
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
83.
Pt. I, ch. IV (ss. 37-42 )
ext . (6.4.1975) .
Ss. 52, 53 ext. (6.4.1975)
38, s. 5( 3), sch. 2
para. 4( 1).
38, s . 5( 3), sch. 2
para. 3( 4) .
excl .
...
51 , ss . 17( 1), 22
( 3 ).
S. 55 am. Sch
51, s. 17 ( 4 ).
S. 108, Sch . D mod.
...
51 , s . 39, sch . 16
para.5.
Sch. D paras. 2
rep. , 3 rep . in pt.
51, s. 59(7), sch.
22 Pt. II.
S. 109(2) Cases I, II appl.
38, s. 5(1) .
( 6.4.1975) . Cases I, II appl. 38, s . 5( 3) .
( mod.) (6.4.1975).
Case III excl.... 51 , s. 27(1 ).
Case VI ext. 38, s. 74(9)(b) .
( prosp . )
ext.... 51 , s . 26 (1) .
excl.
51 , s . 27(1).
S. 113 appl .
S. 114 ext . (prosp.)
51, s. 53(5 ) .
38, s . 5( 3) , sch . 2
para. 6.
Ss. 115-118 ext. ( 6.4. 38, s . 5(1 ) .
1975 )
Ss . 122-124 appl .
Pt. VI, ch. VI (ss. 152-
155 ) appl. (mod.) (6.4.
51, s . 53( 5) .
38, s. 5( 3), sch . 2
para. 5( 2).
1975 )
S. 155(1) proviso (b) mod.
S. 168 appl . ( mod. )
... Ss . 168, 169, 171 ext. ( 6.4.
1975 )
S. 173 excl . (6.4.1973)
S. 174 ext. (6.4.1975)
...
S. 175 excl . (6.4.1975)
...
51, s. 31(5 ).
51 , s. 39, sch. 16
para. 3.
38, s. 5( 3), sch. 2
para. 3( 1) .
38, s . 5(3) , sch. 2
para. 3(2)(d) .
38, s. 5(3) , sch. 2
para. 3(1 ).
38, s . 5( 3) , sch. 2
para. 3(2)(e ) .
51, s. 26( 2).
Ss. 176, 179 am .
S. 181 ( 1 ) Sch . E-
appl . (6.4.1975)
restr. (retrosp. )
saved ...
...
38, s. 1( 7 ).
51, s. 14.
51 , s. 38( 8), sch.15para. 5.
Effect ofLegislation ccxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1970:
c. 10 -cont.
Short title or Subject
Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 -cont.
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
S. 185 excl . (Chevening
51, s. 43.
House ).
S. 204 Power to ext. ( 6.4.
38, s. 1( 4), sch . 1
1975 )
para. 5(1 )(a) .
S. 212 rep. in pt. (prosp. )
38, s . 100(2)( b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Ss . 213-217 mod.
...
51 , s. 53( 2 ).
S. 214(1 ), (2), (4) am .
51, s. 53(1) .
S. 219(1)( a), (3) am.
38, s . 100(2)(a),
( prosp. )
sch. 27 para.
84.
Pt. IX. ch. III (ss. 226-
38, s. 77(8) .
229 ) excl . (prosp.)
Ss. 226, 227 excl. ( 6.4.
38, s. 5( 3), sch. 2
1975 )
para. 3 (2)(b) .
Ss. 234, 235 saved
51, s. 22( 5).
S. 246( 3 ) mod.
51, s. 40 (5) .
S. 248 mod....
51 , s . 31 (2)(a).
S. 252 appl. ( mod . )...
51, s . 36(1 ) .
S. 256( 3) am.
51, s. 24.
S. 258(2)(a) (c) excl .
51, s. 29( 2).
S. 258(2) proviso am.
51, s . 28(1 )(6).
S. 258(8 )(b) rep ....
51 , ss . 28( 1 )(6)(b),
59( 7), sch. 22
Pt. II.
S. 272( 1 )(a)(2) excl . 51, s . 38(5) .
Ss. 273-275, 278, 279 51 , s. 38(5) .
appl. ( mod . )
S. 286 excl .
... 51, s. 20(1 )(2).
S. 303(3) excl . in pt.
51, s. 20 ( 4).
S. 303(7) ext . (mod.)
...
51, s. 28( 5), sch.
12 para. 1( 4 ) .
S. 312 ext . ...
51, s . 40( 3).
Ss. 312, 314, 316 mod.
51, s. 40 ( 2) .
S. 316 ext.
...
..
S. 318 ext .
51, s . 40 ( 3).
51, s . 40 ( 4)(a) .
Ss. 318, 319 mod.
51, s. 40 ( 2 ) .
S. 414(1) am. (6.4.1974 )
51, s. 13.
Pt. XV (ss . 426-433) ext .
51, s. 16 ( 6 )
S. 451 (2)(e) , (5) am.
51, s . 16(7 ) .
S. 460( 4) replaced
...
51, s. 25, sch. 11
para. 1(1).
S. 461 para. A am....
51, s. 25, sch. 11
para. 2.
rep. in pt. 51 , ss. 25, 59( 7) ,
sch. 11 para.
2( c ), sch. 22
Pt. II.
para. E sub. -para. 51 , s . 25, sch. 11
( 2 ) ext.
para. 1 ( 2).
S. 462A added
51 , s. 25, sch. 11
рага. 3.
S. 466(1) am.
..
51 , s. 25, sch. 11
para. 4(1 ) .
S. 466( 2) rep.
.. ..
51 , ss . 25, 59(7),
sch. 11 para.
4 ( 1), sch. 22
Pt. II.
CCXX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
1970:
c. 10 -cont. Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 -cont. S. 467(1)( 3)(b) am.
S. 468(4) rep. in pt.
...
S. 471 ( 6 ) am .
.. ...
S. 472 ( 2 )
( retrosp.).
S. 472 ( 2) rep.
( retrosp . ).
subst.
in pt.
S. 474 ( 3) added ..
...
S. 475(3)(5) am. ( retrosp.)
S. 477( 1) am.
S. 477( 3) rep. in pt. ,
( retrosp.) (6 ) definition
of " dealing broker "
rep. (retrosp.).
S. 477( 6 ) definitions of
" broker " , " jobber "
subst. (retrosp . ).
S. 477(6 ) am. , (6A) added
S. 516 excl .
S. 516(2)(c) added
S. 533 ext .
S. 535(1 ) am. (retrosp. ) ...
Sch. 6 para. 6(2) excl ....
Sch. 8 para. 4 proviso
гер.
Sch. 10 paras. 1 rep. in
pt., 2-4 rep .
para. 7(1) proviso
( a ) subst. para. 7( 2) rep . in
pt . , (retrosp. in pt.).
para. 11 (1) am....
para. 11 (1)(a) rep.
inpt.
para . 11 (2)(a)(iii)
rep . in pt. (retrosp. ).
para. 11( 2A )
added.
para. 12A added
para. 14 ( a) rep....
para. 16(2 ) am.
( retrosp. ).
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
51 , s. 25, sch. 11
para. 5.
51 , s. 59(7) , sch.
22 Pt. II.
51 , s . 25, sch. 11
para. 6.
51 , s . 54, sch. 21
para. 6.
51, ss . 54, 59(7),
sch . 21 para. 6,
sch . 22 Pt. IV.
51 , s. 25, sch. 11
para. 7.
51, s. 54, sch. 21
para. 7.
51, s. 25, sch. 11
para. 8.
51, ss. 54, 59( 7) ,
sch. 21 para.
8( a ), sch. 22
Pt. IV.
51, s. 54, sch . 21
para. 8(b ).
51 , s. 25, sch. 11
para. 8.
51, s . 42 ( 4).
51, s . 40(1) .
51 , ss . 28( 5), 31
( 9), sch. 12
paras. 1 ( 8), 3
( 5).
51 , s. 54, sch. 21
рага. 9.
51, s. 35( 1).
51 , ss. 15, 59( 7),
sch . 22 Pt. II.
51 , s. 59( 7), sch.
22 Pt. III .
51, s. 39, sch. 16
para. 10.
51, s. 59( 7), sch .
22 Pt. III .
51, s. 39, sch. 16
para. 11.
51, ss. 39, 59( 7),
sch. 16 para.
11, sch . 22 Pt .
III .
51 , s. 59(7), sch.
22 Pt. III.
51 , s. 39, sch. 16
para. 12 .
51, s. 39, sch. 16
para. 13.
51, s. 59(7), sch .
22Pt. III .
51, s. 39, sch. 16
para. 14 .
Effect ofLegislation ccxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1970:
c. 10 --cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 -cont.
Sch. 12 am.
Sch. 15 para. 2 rep .
para. 11 Table
rep. in pt. para. 11 Table
Pts . I, II rep. in pt.
51, s. 42, sch. 17.
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
51, s. 59(7) , sch .
22 Pt. II.
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
( prosp. ).
c. 11...
Sea Fish Industry Act Ss. 22(1 ), 23(1), 24(2) am.
3, s. 1( 1).
1970. and Power to am.
S. 24 ( 6 ) am.
S. 28 am.... ...
Ss . 35(1 ) , 36(1 ), 37(2) am.
3, s. 1( 4 ).
3, s. 1( 5 ).
3, s. 1( 1).
and Power to am.
S. 37( 6 ) am... ... 3, s. 1( 4) .
S. 43 am. 3, s. 1 ( 5 ) .
S. 43(1) rep . ... ... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 43(2) rep .
S.I. No. 2163.... ...
S. 49( 4) гер.
... ... 3, s . 1 (1) .
S. 51 ext .
... ... 3, s. 1( 1) .
S. 58(2) am . ... ... 3, s. 1( 5 ).
c. 16 ...... National Health Service Rep. (prosp.)... 38, s . 100(2)(b),
Contributions Act sch . 28 Pt . I.
1970.
c. 20... ... Roads (Scotland ) Act S. 4(1)( d) rep. in pt. 65, ss. 133(1),
1970. ( prosp. ). 237( 1 ), sch. 14
para. 77, sch.
29.
65, ss . 133(1) ,
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 78, sch.
29.
... 56, s. 62.
... ...
56, s . 20(7)(b).
56, s. 62.
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14 para. 79.
с. 22 ...
...
Tonga Act 1970 ......
с. 24
Finance Act 1970 ...
36, s. 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
51, s. 59( 7), sch.
22Pt. I.
65, s. 150(5 ) .
c. 28
Local Government ( Foot-
paths andOpen Spaces)
( Scotland ) Act 1970.
S. 28( 3) definition of
" local authority " rep .
( prosp. ). S. 35( 1A) added
S. 35( 3) appl .
S. 35( 5) added
S. 50(1 ) definitions of
"
highway authority ",
"
local authority" ,
"
local highway auth-
ority " am. (prosp. ).
Sch. para. 7( 3 ) гер ....
Ss. 7( 2) rep. in pt. , ( 4 ), 10
гер.
S. 16(1)(a) subst. ( S. )
( prosp.) .
S. 19(2) ( f) rep . ...
S. 26(1) definition of
" controlling director "
rep. , sch . 5 para. 12( 7)
rep. inpt.
Sch. 7 para. 15 rep.
51, s . 59(7), sch.
S. 5 definition of " local
22Pt. V.
65, s. 133(1), sch.
" authority "
am. 14 рага. 80.( prosp. ).
... 51, ss. 15, 59(7) ,
sch. 22 Pt. II.
51 , s. 59(7 ), sch.
22 Pt. II.
ccxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
1970 -cont.
c. 30
с. 31
с . 33
c. 35
c. 36
c . 39
Conservation of Seals
Act 1970.
Administration of Justice
Act 1970.
S. 10 ( 3)( b) am.
Ss. 11 (b )(ii ) , 12(2)(b) am.
( prosp. ).
S. 36 ext. ( mod. )
S. 41(1 ) appl . ( prosp. )
...
S. 46 rep.
..
Ss. 53 rep. , 54(6)(c) rep.
in pt .
Sch. 1 am.
am. (prosp. ).
rep. in pt.
Sch . 2 para. 25 rep.
...
para. 27 rep.
Sch. 4 para. 3 subst.
( prosp. ).
para. 4 rep.
( prosp .).
Sch. 8 para. 2A added
para. 4( a ) am.
( prosp.). para. 8 am.
Sch. 9 para. 5 rep.
para. 9 subst.
paras. 9A and 10,
11 as originally enacted
replaced ( prosp. ).
Law Reform (Miscellan- S. 4 rep. ...
eous Provisions) Act
1970.
Conveyancing and Feudal S. 8 rep. ( 25.7.1976 )
Reform (Scotland) Act
1970.
Merchant Shipping Act
S. 51(1 ) saved
1970.
Local Authorities (Goods
Saved (S.)
and Services) Act 1970
( S.) (prosp.)
S. 1 ext. (E.)
S. 1( 4 ) definitions of-
" local authority " am.
( 16.5.1975 )
"public body "
am.
( E.) ( prosp.), (5) ext.
( E.) ( prosp.)
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
54, s. 1 (1)(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 10.
38, s. 100(2)(a),
sch . 27 para.
85.
15, ss. 8, 21(2)(b).
62 , s. 37.
15, s. 19(1) , sch . 5
Pt. VI .
36 , s. 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
18, s. 54(1), sch. 2
para. 10 (1).
29 , s. 9( 2 ).
18, s. 54(1 ), sch. 2
para. 10 (1 )( b),
sch. 3.
15, s. 19(1), sch. 5
Pt. IV.
18, s. 54(1 ) , sch.
3 .
38 , s. 100(2)( a),
sch. 27 para.
86.
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
18, s. 54(1), sch . 2
para. 10( 2).
29, s. 9( 3)( b ).
18, s. 54(1 ), sch. 2
para. 3( 2 ).
14, s . 21(1)(2),
sch. 1 para. 6,
sch. 2.
14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
para. 6.
62, s. 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 40.
18, s. 54(1 ), sch.
3.
52, s . 16(2), sch. 5
Pt. I.
23, s. 1.
65, ss. 56 (15),
64 ( 6 ).
65, s. 149( 2 ).
37, s. 7 (1 ).
65, s. 214(2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
195.
32, s. 12(1).
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1970:
c. 39 -cont.
c .40...
с. 42 ...
с . 44 ...
Effect of Legislation ccxxiii
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Local Authorities ( Goods and Services) Act 1970
-cont.
Agriculture Act 1970...
Local Authority Social
Services Act 1970
Chronically Sick and
Disabled Persons Act
1970
S. 2( 2) am. (16.5.1975)
rep . in pt. ( prosp.)
Apptd. day for Pt. IV ( ss.
66-87 ) (1.1.1974 )
S. 26(b) am. (16.5.1975)
65, s. 214(2 ) , sch .
27 Pt. II para.
196.
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
S.I. No. 1520.
65, s. 214( 2), sch .
27 Pt. II para.
197.
S. 67(2) am. (16.5.1975) 65, ss. 171(1)(c),
214(2) , sch . 27
Pt. II para.
198.
S. 67(3)(b) excl. (S.) 65, s. 64( 4 )(5).
( prosp. )
Ss. 88(2)(3) rep. (1.4. 37, s. 40(3), sch .
1974) , 89(4) rep. in pt. 9.
(1.4.1974) , 90(2) rep.
( 1.4.1974 )
Pt. VI (ss. 92-98) func- 65, s. 137( 2 ).
tions of town and
county councils trans-
ferred to regional and
islands councils (prosp. )
Ss. 93 rep. ( prosp. ), 97(1)
rep. in pt. (prosp. ) 65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
S. 98 am. (1.4.1974 )... 37, s . 40 (2 )(4),
sch . 8 para. 93 .
S. 104 rep. ( prosp.)
50, s. 14( 2), sch.
4 .
Ss. 109, 112 rep . ...
36 , s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 2 am. ( prosp .)
... 29, s. 2( 8).
Ss. 2(3) - (6 ), 3( 2) rep. 32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp . )
S. 15(7) rep. in pt.
Sch . 1 am.
..
am. ( prosp. )
rep. in pt.
rep. inpt.
S. 5(3) am. (prosp. )
S. 11 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 13 am.
S. 13(2) rep. in pt.
S. 17(1) am. (E.) (prosp. ),
( 2 ) subst. (E.) ( prosp.)
S. 19 rep . (prosp. )
S. 21 (8) am. ( prosp. )
36, s . 41(1 ), sch . 6
Pt. I.
18, s. 54(1 ), sch. 2
para. 11.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 131 .
18, s. 54(1), sch. 2
para. 11, sch.
3.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
65 , s. 141.
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
50, s. 14(1), sch . 3
para. 11.
50, s. 14, sch. 3
para. 11 (2),
sch. 4.
32 , s. 57, sch. 4
para. 132.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 81 .
cxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1970 -cont.
с. 45..
...
c.46
c. 51
c .54
c. 55
...
1971 :
c . 3 c . 7
c. 10 Matrimonial Proceedings
and Property Act 1970
Pt. I ( ss. 1-29) (except
s. 12 ) rep. , ss. 12 rep.
( Ε.), 34, 35, 40-42 , 43
( 2 ) rep. , ( 4) rep. in pt. ,
schs. 1-3 rep.
S. 5( 3) rep.
...
18, s. 54(1), sch .
3 .
Radiological Protection
Act 1970
National Insurance ( Old
persons' and widows'
pensions and attend-
ance allowance) Act
1970
Income and Corporation
Taxes (No. 2) Act 1970
Family Income Supple-
ments Act 1970
Rep. (saving ) (prosp. )
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
38, ss. 15(7), 100
( 2 )(b ), sch. 7
para. 2, sch . 28
Pt. I.
S. 2 rep....
Ss. 2(1) , 3(1 ) am.
S. 8( 4) am. (prosp. )
...
51 , s. 59(7) , sch.
22 Pt. II .
S.I. No. 1362 .
38, s . 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
87.
Guardianship of Minors Am. (Guardian) ( prosp.)
29, s. 7.
Act 1971 Ss. 1 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 2,
29, s. 9(1), sch. 3.
8 rep. (prosp. )
S. 9 Reprinted as am.
29, s. 2(1), sch. 2
( prosp . )
Pt. II.
am . (prosp. )... ..
29, s . 2(1 ), sch . 2
Pt. I para. 1 .
mod. (as am.) (prosp. )
29, s . 2(2)- (4)(6)
S. 9(3)(4) ext . (prosp. )
...
29, ss. 4(3), 5(2) .
S. 12(2) ext . (prosp. )
...
29, s. 4 ( 3) .
S. 13 ext. ( prosp. )
...
29, ss. 4(3), 5(2).
S. 13(1 ) am. ( prosp.)
29, s. 2( 1) , sch. 2
Pt . I para. 2.
S. 15(1 )(2) ext. ( prosp. )
29, s. 1(6 ).
S. 15(3) ext. (mod. )
29, s. 1( 6 ).
( prosp.)
S. 15(3 )- ( 6 ) Reprinted as
29, s. 2(1 ), sch. 2
am .( prosp . )
Pt. II.
S. 15( 4)-(6) (except subs.
29, s. 3(5).
( 5)(a)) ext. (prosp.)
S. 15(4)- (6 ) ext. (prosp. )
29, s. 4( 3).
S. 15( 4) am. (prosp.), (5)
29, s. 2 (1), sch. 2
rep. in pt. ( prosp.), (6 )
Pt. I para. 3.
am. ( prosp. )
S. 16 ext . (prosp.)
... 29, s. 1(6 ) .
excl. (prosp.)
... 29, s. 5(1).
S. 16(2) am. (prosp. )
... 29, s. 2 (7 ).
S. 16( 4) am. (prosp.)
... 29, s. 2( 5 ).
S. 16( 5) added ( prosp. )
29, s. 2(1), sch . 2
Pt. I para. 4.
ext. ( prosp. ) ...
29, s . 4(3) .
Sch. 1 rep. in pt....
18, s. 54 (1), sch .
3 .
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 29, s. 9(1 ), sch . 3.
Local Authorities (Quali- Rep. ( prosp.)
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch.
fication of Members)
29.
Act 1971.
Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 Power to appl. (mod.) (E.) 32, s. 11 ( 7 ).
( prosp. ).
Effect ofLegislation CCXXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971: -cont.
c . 11
Atomic Energy Authority Ss . 17(5)(7), 18(3) rep. ...
Act 1971 .
S. 22(2) am. and rep. in
pt.
с. 12
с . 16
Hydrocarbon Oil ( Cus-
toms & Excise) Act
1971.
Coal Industry Act 1971 ... Power to am. ( retrosp. ) ...
36, s. 41( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
51 , s. 47( 8), sch.
19 para. 17.
51 , s. 1 ( 4 )(5)(10).
c. 23 Courts Act 1971...
S. 1 ( 2)( 3) am .
8, ss. 3(1 )(5), 13
( 1 ), sch. 1 para.
4 .
S. 1(3)(c) subst.
8, ss. 3( 2 ), 13(1),
sch. 1 para.
4 ( b ).
Ss. 3, 4(1)(c ) гер.
8, s. 13( 2), sch. 2.
S. 24(2)(a) subst.
15, s. 15.
S. 45(1)(a)(b) subst. , ( 6 ) 18, s. 54 (1), sch . 2
am.
para. 12.
S. 45(7 ) rep .
18, s. 54(1 ), sch . 2
para. 12, sch .
3 .
Ss. 47-49 rep.
14, s. 21( 2), sch.
2 .
S. 50(3)(4) am....
14, s. 21(1), sch. 1
para. 7.
Ss. 51 (1) rep. , ( 2) rep. in
14, s. 21 ( 2), sch.
pt. , 52(1)(2) rep . , ( 3)(5)
2 .
rep. in pt.
S. 53(2)(a) rep. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 53(7)(a) am. (prosp.) ...
Ss . 58 rep. , 59(6 )(a) rep.
inpt.
Sch. 2 para. 6 rep. in pt.
Sch. 6 paras. 1-5, 8 гер. ,
9( 1) rep. in pt. , (2), 11
rep.
Sch. 8 paras. 24 rep. in
pt. (prosp.), 25-27 гер .
( prosp . ). para. 47 rep.
62, s. 56( 2) , sch .
6.
62, s. 56 ( 1), sch. 5
para. 41 .
36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
14, s. 21( 2), sch .
2 .
62, s. 56( 2 ), sch .
6.
... 18, s. 54 (1), sch .
3 .
62, s. 56(2) , sch .
6 .
c. 24 Coinage Act 1971
с. 25 ...
c. 28
Administration ofEstates
Act 1971 .
Rent (Scotland) Act 1971
paras. 48( a) rep. in
pt. (prosp.), 51 , 53, 54
rep. (prosp . ).
Sch. 9 rep. in pt .... 14, s . 21( 2), sch .
2 .
S. 4(2) subst. , (3)( 4) rep., 63 , s . 7( 2) .
( 6 )(7) suspended.
S. 5 rep . ...
S. 9(1) am.
S. 13 rep.
S. 5( 2)(a) subst. ( prosp.)
Ss. 24( 4 ) , 29(a) am.
S. 36 (1) definition of
" rates " rep. ( prosp. ).
63, s. 7( 3) .
63, s. 7( 4 ).
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 132(2), sch .
13 para. 1 .
56, s. 18( 10 ).
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
Part III 2B
ccxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971:
c. 28 -cont. Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 S. 37( 1) subst. ( prosp. ),
-cont.
( 1A ) added( prosp. ), ( 2 )
am. ( prosp . ). S. 37( 2 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65, s. 132( 2), sch.
( c ).
13 рага. 2( а) -
65,
ss. 132( 2),
237(1), sch. 13
para. 2(c), sch.
29 .
S. 37(2A) added ( prosp. )
S. 37(6 ) rep . ( prosp.)...
65, s. 132( 2) , sch.
13 para. 2 ( d).
65, ss. 132(2),
237( 1), sch. 13
para. 2 (e), sch .
29.
S. 39( 5)-( 7) added( prosp.) 65, s. 132( 2), sch .
13 para. 3.
S. 47( 1) definition of
65, s. 237(1), sch.
" rates " rep. ( prosp.).
29 .
S. 61( 4) added ( prosp. ) ...
65, s. 132 ( 2), sch .
13 para. 4.
S. 66(1 ) am. ( prosp.) 65, s. 132( 2), sch.
13para. 5.
Ss. 69( 1 ) definition of
65, s. 237( 1 ), sch .
"local authority " rep.
29 .
( prosp. ), ( 4 ) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ), 82 definition
of "local authority "
rep. ( prosp. ) .
S. 83 subst. ( prosp. )...
S. 84(1) subst. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 85( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp .)
c. 29
c. 32 65, s. 132( 2), sch.
13 рага. 6.
65, s. 132( 2), sch.
13para. 7.
65, ss. 132( 2),
237( 1), sch. 13
para. 8, sch.
29 .
S.89( 4) - (6 ) added( prosp. )
S. 97(1 ) rep . ( prosp.)...
65, s. 132( 2), sch.
13 рага. 9.
65, 132 ( 2),
ss.
237( 1), sch. 13
para. 10, sch.
29.
Ss. 106( 9), 125( 4) гер.
65, s. 237( 1), sch.
( prosp. ).
29.
S. 133(1 ) definitions of
65, s. 132(2), sch .
" local authority ",
13 para. 11.
" rates " added ( prosp. ).
Sch. 8 para. 1 ( 6 )( c) rep.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp. ), (8)(b) rep. in
29.
pt. ( prosp .).
National Savings Banks S. 22( 4) am. (Ν.Ι. )
... S.I. No. 2095.
Act 1971 . S. 21( 4) rep. in pt.
... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
Sch. 1 paras. 1( a) am . ,
4 ( 1 ) subst. S.I. No. 2095.
para. 4( 3) rep.... 36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Attachment of Earnings S. 3( 6 ) am. ( prosp. )
... 38, s . 100(2)(a),
Act 1971.
sch. 27 para.
88.
Effect ofLegislation ccxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
1971 :
c . 32 -cont.
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
c . 34
c. 38
...
c .40
c .41
c .43
с . 44 ..
Attachment of Earnings
Act 1971-cont .
Ss. 28 rep. , 29( 3) rep. in 36, s. 41(1), sch . 9
pt.
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 para. 3 subst....
18, s. 54(1) , sch. 2
para. 13.
29, s . 9( 3)( b) .
para. 5( a) am.
( prosp.). para. 9 am....
Sch. 2 para. 3 subst.
( prosp . ) .
para . 4 rep .
( prosp . ) .
Sch. 3 para. 3( b ) subst.
( prosp.).
Sch. 4 am. (prosp. ) ...
Water Resources Act
1971 .
Misuse of Drugs Act
1971.
S. 2( 2) rep. in pt. ( 1.4.
1974 ) .
Apptd. day for remainder
of Act (1.7.1973) .
S. 38( 3) rep.
... ...
Sch . 2 Pt. I paras. 1 am.
and rep. in pt. , 3, Pt.
II para. 1 am. , Pt. III
para. 1 rep. in pt.
Fire Precautions Act 1971 S. 17(1)(ii) am. ( prosp.)
S. 17( 1)(ii)(2) rep. in pt.
( prosp . ).
18, s. 54 (1), sch. 2
рага. 3( 2).
38, s. 100( 2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
89.
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt . I.
38, s. 100 (2 )(a),
sch. 27 para.
90 .
38, s. 100(2)(a) ,
sch. 27 para.
91.
37 , s. 40 ( 3), sch.
9.
S.I. No. 795.
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt . I.
S.I. No. 771 .
65, s. 134( 2), sch .
15 para. 30( a) .
65, ss. 134( 2),
237(1), sch. 15
para. 30, sch .
29.
S. 42 rep.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 43(1 ) definition of
65, s. 214( 2 ), sch.
" local authority "
27 Pt. II para.
para. (b) am. (16.5.
200.
1975 ).
S. 44( 2 ) rep. in pt.
... 36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Highways Act 1971...
Apptd. day for s. 18 S.I. No. 685.
( 7.5.1973 ) .
Ext .
... 64, s. 5(1), sch. 2
Sch. 5 am. para. 5(1 )(k) .
26, s. 22 ( 9).
Sch. 6 para. 8 am.
26, s. 58( 2 )( a) .
Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
Pt. I ( ss. 1-3) rep. ( S. ) 52, s . 23( 2), sch . 5
Pt. II.
1971 .
S. 4( 2) am.
... ... 52, s . 23(1), sch. 4
Pt. II.
Ss. 5( 3) rep. , 6 ( 3) rep. in
pt . 36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 Pt. II rep. , sch. 2
rep. ( S. ) . 52, s . 23( 2), sch . 5
Pt. II.
Nullity of Marriage Act Rep.
... 18, s. 54(1), sch.
1971 .3 .
ccxxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1971 -cont.
c. 47
c . 48
c.50
c. 52..
c. 53 ....
..
c. 56
c. 58 ...
c. 60 ...
c. 61.. ...
c. 62
Wild Creatures and
Forest Laws Act 1971 .
Criminal Damage Act
1971 .
... National Insurance Act
1971 .
S. 2( 3) rep. in pt....
S. 1 ext.... ...
Ss. 1-7, 12 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 12 superseded (prosp.)
Statute Law (Repeals)
Act 1971 .
Recognition of Divorces
and Legal Separations
Act 1971 .
S. 12 (1) am....
Ss. 13 rep. ( prosp.), 14,
16 ( 2 )( 4) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 16( 4)(a) rep. , ( b) rep.
inpt.
Sch. 3, sch . 5 paras. 2-5,
10 ( 2), 12, 13(1) rep.
( prosp.) .
S. 2(2) rep .
Ext. ( Ν.Ι. )
S. 1 (a)( b) replaced
S. 2 am.
..
..
S. 6 subst.
S. 7 am.
S. 8(1) am. .. ...
S. 8( 2) am.
S. 9 rep. ...
...
...
S. 10 (4) mod. (N.I. )
Pensions (Increase ) Act Saved
...
1971 .
...
...
S. 11 (2)(b) rep.... ...
S. 11 ( 4 ) subst.
S. 11A added
Sch. 2 para. 5 subst.
para. 6 am.
para. 13 am....
para. 22( d) added
para. 27A added
Sch. 4 paras . 1 , 3 rep.
Sheriff Courts ( Scotland) Apptd. day for Pt . II (ss .
Act 1971 .
23-30), s . 44(3), sch . 2
Pt. I in pt. (1.4.1973) .
Prevention of Oil Pollu- Apptd. day for whole Act
tion Act 1971 .
( 1.3.1973) .
S. 30 (6 ) rep.
...
Mineral Workings (Off-
S. 14(3) rep.... ...
shore Installations) Act
1971.
Tribunals and Inquiries Appl ( mod . ) ( prosp. ) ( S. )
S. 5 am.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
47, s. 7( 2 ).
38, s. 100(2)( b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
38, s. 88(2), sch.
22 Pt. II.
42, s . 5( 3) .
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
38, s. 100(2 )(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
36, s. 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
45 , s. 15 ( 1).
45, s. 15( 2 ) .
45, s. 15( 2).
45, ss. 2( 2), 16(2) .
45, ss. 2(3), 15( 2).
45 , s. 15 ( 2 ).
45, s. 2 ( 4 ) .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
45, s. 15( 3).
15 , s. 11, sch. 4
para. 2(3).
21, s. 6(2), sch. 2.
21, s. 4 (2) .
21 , s . 4(1) .
15, s. 11 , sch. 4
para. 4( 3).
41, s. 139, sch. 12.
15, ss. 5, 20, sch.
1 para. 11( 2 ).
32 , ss. 57, 58( 5),
sch. 4 para.
133.
21, s. 4( 3) .
21 , s. 6(2), sch. 2.
S.I. No. 276.
S.I. No. 203.
36, s . 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
35, s. 4(5) .
65, s. 175 (1).
38, s. 66( 4).
Effect ofLegislation ccxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1971:
c. 62 -cont.
Tribunals and Inquiries Sch. 1 am.
S.I. No. 1600.
Act 1971-cont.
para. 17 am. 32, ss. 57, 58(5)
( prosp. ).
( 6 ) , sch. 4para .
134 .
para. 18( a) rep.
38, s. 100(2)(b) ,
( prosp. ). para. 18( d) am.
sch . 28 Pt. I.
38, s. 100(2)(a),
( prosp. ).
sch . 27 para.
92 .
Sch. 3 rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
c . 66... Friendly Societies Act Ss. 12 ( 5) rep. , 15( 3) rep.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
1971.
inpt .
Pt. I.
c . 68... ... Finance Act 1971...
S. 12 rep.
... ...
51 , s. 59(7) , sch .
Ss. 15(2)(a)(b), (6 ) rep. ,
22Pt. I.
51, s. 59( 7), sch.
18( 2 ) rep. (6.4.1974 ) .
22 Pt. II.
S. 24(4) - (10) rep. (prosp.)
38, ss. 64 ( 11),
100(2)( b), sch .
28 Pt. I.
S. 67(2 ) ( 4) rep. ... ...
36 , SS. 16 ( 2 ),
41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. II.
Sch. 4 para. 1( b) am.
38 , s . 100(2)(a),
( prosp. ).
sch. 27 para.
93.
Sch. 6 paras . 10, 64 rep.
51 , s. 59( 7), sch.
22Pt. II.
c . 70.. ... Hijacking Act 1971...
S. 5 ( 1A) ( 1B) added
47, s. 6( 2 ).
( retrosp.).
S. 5( 2) rep.
47, s. 6 (3) .
c. 72 ...
Industrial Relations Act S. 27(1)( a ) expld. ( prosp. )
50 , s. 7( 3).
1971
S. 28 mod. (S. )
65, s . 217( 2).
S. 28( a) expld. ( prosp. )
50, s. 7(3).
S. 165(1) ( 4) rep.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 167(2) am. (prosp. )
...
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 4 para.
135.
S. 167( 2)( a) mod. ( N.I.) ...
41, s . 137(7) .
Sch. 3 para. 28(1) am.
62, s. 56(1 ), sch . 5
( prosp. ). para. 28(1 ) rep.
para. 42.
62, s. 56, sch. 5
in pt. ( prosp.).
para. 42, sch.
6 .
c. 73
Social Security Act 1971 S. 4A added ( prosp.)...
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
94 .
S. 6 am. ( prosp. ) ...
38, s. 100 (2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
95.
Ss. 7(1 ), 8, 9 rep. (prosp.) 38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
S. 10 ( 1) rep.
.. ...
36, s. 41(1 ), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 10(2) rep. (prosp.)
...
38, s. 100 (2)(b).
sch . 28 Pt. I.
CCXXX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971 -cont.
c. 75... Civil Aviation Act 1971 S. 17(6 ) am.... ...
Ss. 21 (2), 22( 3) restr....
S. 29(11 ) definition of
" local authority " am.
( 16.5.1975 ) .
Ss. 38(1 )(c)(d), (2)(c)(d)
rep . (1.4.1974), 40(1)(b),
( 2 )( a) rep. in pt. (1.4.
1974 ), (b), 41( 4) rep.
( 1.4.1974 ), (6 ) added
( 1.4.1974), 44, 46(1)(c),
( 2 )( a) rep. (1.4.1974 ),
( 3 )rep. inpt. (1.4.1974) ,
48( 1) rep. in pt. ( 1.4.
1974), (4) added ( 1.4.
1974 ), 52(1)(a) rep. in
pt . ( 1.4.1974 ), 53(1 ),
54 ( 1) am. (1.4.1974 ),
saving )( 1.4 .
56( 2) rep. (saving) (1.4.
1974 ), 58 rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 59(1) am.... ...
S. 59(2) rep. in pt .
S. 65(2) rep.
S.I. No. 2095.
27, s. 4(3) , sch. 2
para. 8.
65 , SS . 152,
214 ( 2), sch. 27
Pt. II parа.
201 .
S.I. No. 2175.
Sch . 2 para. 8( 1) rep. in
51, s. 36( 2) .
S.I. No. 2163.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2163 .
pt.
Sch. 9 para. 7( 3)(4) rep.
Sch. 10 paras. 17-19,
S.I. No. 2095.
S.I. No. 2175 .
21(1)( 2), 24 rep. (1.4.
1974 ).
c. 76 Housing Act 1971 S. 1( 1)(b)(2) am. 5, s. 1(1).
S. 2mod. 5 , s. 1 ( 4 ).
S. 2 (1 ) am. 5, s. 1( 2 ).
S. 3 mod.
5 , s. 1( 4).
S. 3( 1) am.
c. 78
5, s. 1 ( 3 ).
Town and Country Plan- Ext.
64, s. 5( 1), sch. 2
ning Act 1971 .
para. 5(1)(7 )
( 2 ).
S. 10B restr.
S. 41 excl.
S. 52 saved
26, s. 68( 4) .
64 , s. 7 ( 4 ) .
26, s. 24(5).
32 , s. 53( 2).
S. 128 ext.
64, s. 6( 4), sch. 4
para. 4.
S. 130(1 )(2) (4)( 5) rep .
S. 147( 4) proviso subst.
( 1.4.1974 ).
Ss. 180-189 ext .
Ss. 192-207 ext .
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
37, s. 40 ( 2), sch. 8
para. 94.
26, s. 53( 5 ).
26 , SS. 78(1),
82 ( 5).
am.
26 , s. 82( 4) .
S. 192(1) am.
26, ss. 71, 72(1 )-
( 5 ), 73, 74 ( 2),
76.
S. 192 ( 1 ) (a) am.
excl .
26, s . 68(1).
26, s. 71(2 ).
Effect ofLegislation ccxxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971:
c. 78 -cont.
c . 80
...
1972:
c. 2
... ...
c . 4 ... ...
c. 5... ...
Town and Country Plan-
ning Act 1971-cont. S. 192( 1 )(b) am.
26, s. 68(2).
S. 192(1)( d) am.
26, ss. 69, 74(1 ).
S. 192(1)(g) am.
26, s. 75( 2 ).
S. 192( 1)(g)( j) am.
26, s. 70.
S. 192( 4)(a) appl.
26 , ss . 2(6 ), 46(2).
20
S. 192 (6 ) definition of 26, s. 82(2 ) .
"blight notice"
am .
S. 193 appl. (mod.)
... 26, s. 22(2) .
ext.
26, s . 78( 4).
S. 193(1)( c) rep. in pt.
26, ss. 77(1)( 3),
( saving ).
86, sch. 3.
S.193(1 )(d) subst. (saving)
26, s. 77( 2)(3).
S. 193(3) rep. (saving)
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
S. 194(2)(a)-(c) ext.
...
26, s. 78( 3) .
S. 194(2)(b)(c) excl .
...
26 , SS . 73( 2),
76 ( 2) .
S. 194(2)(c) ext. (agricul-
26, s. 80(2).
tural units).
S. 194(4) am.
26, s. 75( 3)( a) .
S. 194(5) am.
26 , s. 82( 3).
S. 194(6 ) am.
rep. in pt.
26, s . 75(3)(b).
26, ss. 75(3)(b),
86 , sch. 3.
S. 195 ext.
26, s. 68( 6 ) .
S. 195(5) excl . 26, s . 80( 7).
S. 196 mod. 26, s. 80(6).
S. 196(1 ) mod. , ( 3) excl.
26, s. 81(1) .
S. 200( 2) am.
26, s. 81 ( 8) .
S. 201 (1 )(b) rep. in pt.
26, ss. 77(1)(3),
( saving ). 86 , sch. 3.
S. 201 ( 1)(c)subst . ( saving) 26, s. 77( 2 )(3).
S. 201 (4) (5) expld.
26 , s. 78 ( 4 ) .
S. 202(2) am. 26 , s. 58( 1).
Ss. 205 , 206 mod.
26, s. 72( 3) .
S. 206 mod.
..
26 , SS .
76 ( 3 ).
73 ( 3),
S. 206(2) appl . (mod.)...
26, ss. 68( 10),
71( 3 ).
S. 207( 1 ) definitions of-
“ highway land acquisi-
26, s. 86, sch. 3.
tion powers
" annual value"
rep . 26, ss. 2(6 ), 46( 2).
" hereditament "
appl. ( mod. ).
Banking and Financial S. 5( 2 ) rep. in pt.
Dealings Act 1971 .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Island of Rockall Act S. 1 am. (16.5.1975)
65, s . 214(2), sch .
1972.
27 Pt. II para.
202.
National Insurance Regu- Rep. ( prosp. )
38, s. 100(2)(b),
lations ( Validation) Act
sch . 28 Pt. I.
1972.
Local Employment Act
1972. S. 1( 4 ) am. ( prosp.)
S. 6 rep. ( prosp. )
50, s. 14( 1), sch . 3
para. 12.
50, s. 14(2) , sch.
4 .
ccxxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1972 :
c. 5 - cont.
c . 6
...
c.10
с . 11
.. ...
c . 14 ......
c . 18
c .20
... ...
Local Employment Act
S. 8( 5) am. (prosp .)
65, s. 184, sch. 23
1972 -cont.
para. 14 .
Summer Time Act 1972
S. 4( 2) rep .
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Northern Ireland Act
Rep .
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
1972.
Pt. I.
Superannuation Act 1972
Ss. 7, 9 excl . (S.) (prosp.)
65, s. 56(8)(9).
S. 10( 1)( a) rep. in pt.
32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp. ).
S. 23(2) rep . ( saving )
... 21, ss.
2 ( 3) , 6( 2 ),
schs. 1, 2.
S. 24 excl . (E.) (prosp.) ...
32, s . 44( 2).
Sch. 1 am.
...
50, s. 14 (1), sch. 3
Sch. 4 rep. in pt.
para. 13.
...
19, s. 39(1), sch. 3
Pt. I.
Sch. 6 paras. 36, 37
21, ss. 2( 3), 6(2),
rep. (saving ).
schs. 1, 2.
para. 44 rep.
19, s. 39(1 ), sch. 3
Pt. I.
para. 52 гер.
38, s. 100(2)(b),
( prosp. ).
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Transport Holding Com- Ss. 1(1)( 2) rep. , 2( 1) -(4)
S.I. No. 338.
pany Act 1972.
am.
S. 3(2) rep. in pt.
...
36, s. 41 (1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Maintenance Orders
( Reciprocal Enforce-
ment) Act 1972.
Road Traffic Act 1972 ...
Ss. 14(2 )(b), 38(3)(b ) am.
S.I. No. 2163 .
S. 48( 2) rep.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 31( 7) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 133(1 ), sch.
14para. 82.
S. 35(5)(b) am. ( prosp.) ...
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14 para. 83 .
S. 36A added ... 44, s. 2 (1) .
S. 38(5)(b) am. ( prosp. ) ...
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14 para. 84.
S. 43(3) am. (S.) (prosp.)
65, s . 133(1 ), sch.
14 para. 85.
rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
65, ss. 133(1),
237 ( 1), sch. 14
para. 85, sch.
29.
S. 55( 7) am. (prosp.) ...
65, s. 133(1), sch .
14para. 86.
S. 57( 7) am. , ( 7A ) ( 7B) 44, s. 3(1).
added.
S. 57( 9) subst .
... ... 44, s. 3( 2 ).
S. 63(1) am. S.I. No. 1193.
S. 95(4) excl . (prosp.) 62, s. 44 (3)(b).
S. 101 ( 4) ext . (prosp.) 62 , s. 44 (3)( a).
S. 102 am. ( prosp. ) 62, s . 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 43.
S. 105( 2) am. ( prosp.)
...
62, s. 56(1 ) , sch. 5
para. 44.
S. 105(5) appl . (prosp . ) ...
62 , s . 44(3)( b).
Pt. VI (ss . 143-158)
32, s. 11( 7 ).Power to appl . (mod. )
( E.) (prosp.).
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect of Legislation ccxxxiii
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 20 -cont.
Road Traffic Act 1972- Ss. 145( 2) excl. , (3) am. ,
S.I. No. 2143 .
cont . 146( 3) rep. in pt. , pro-
viso added, 147(1 ) excl. ,
151(1)( b) am.
S. 156(1) (a) am. ( E.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ) .
para. 136(1).
S. 156(1)(b)(c ) rep. (E.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ).
para. 136(2),
sch . 5.
S. 156(1)(c) am. (S. ) 32, ss. 57, 58(5),
( prosp.).
sch. 4 para.
150.
S. 156(2)(a)(3) am. ( E.)
32, s. 57, sch. 4
( prosp. ).
para. 136( 3).
Ss. 169( 2)(gg) added, 180,
S.I. No. 2143 .
181 ext.
S. 196(1) definition of
66 highway authority "
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 87.
para. (b) am. (prosp.).
S. 197 rep. ( prosp. )
...
с. 21 ... ...
c. 22 ...
Sch . 4 Pt. I am.
..
Sch. 8 para. 4 гер.
Deposit of Poisonous Ss. 3( 5), 4 ( 3) am. ( S.)
Waste Act 1972 . ( prosp.).
S. 5( 1)(b) am. ( prosp.)...
S. 5(3) am . (S.) ( prosp. ) ...
S. 7 definition of " river 65 , ss. 133(1 ),
237( 1), sch. 14
para. 88, sch.
29 .
44, ss. 2( 2), 3(2).
S.I. No. 193 .
65, s. 136( 2).
65, s. 136(1) .
65, s. 136( 2 ) .
65, s. 136(3) .
purification authority "
added(prosp.).
S. 7 rep. in pt. (1.4.1974) 37, s. 40( 3), sch .
9.
36, s. 42 ( 3).
36, s. 2( 4 ).
c. 27 ... ..
c. 28
Northern Ireland ( Tem-
porary Provisions ) Act
1972.
Road Traffic (Foreign
Vehicles ) Act 1972.
Employment Medical
Advisory Service Act
1972.
Saved... ...
S. 1 expired
Ss. 6 rep. , 8(3) rep. in pt.
Apptd. day for whole Act
( 1.2.1973).
S. 1(6 ) am. (E.) (prosp. )
S. 1( 9) am. ( prosp.)
S. 5( 2) rep . (prosp.)
c. 31... .. Sound Broadcasting Act
Rep.
1972.
c. 33 ... Carriage by Railway Act
1972. S. 10( 2) rep.
c. 36... National Insurance Rep. ( prosp. )...
( Amendment) Act 1972. S. 2(2)(b) rep . ...
c. 37... Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1972
S. 3( 2 ) am. (1.4.1974 )...
S. 9(1) am. (1.4.1974 )
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 28.
32, s. 57, sch. 4
para. 137.
50, s. 14(1), sch. 3
para. 14 .
50, s. 14(2), sch .
4 .
19, s. 39(1), sch. 3
Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
38 , s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
37, s . 40 (2), sch. 8
para. 95.
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 96.
ccxxxiv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 37 -cont.
c. 38
c . 41
Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1972
-cont.
...
Matrimonial Proceedings
( Polygamous ages) Act 1972
Marri-
Finance Act 1972...
Ss. 11( 3) rep. (1.4.1974 ),
15( 3) rep. in pt. (1.4.
1974 )
Sch. 1 para. 18 subst.
( 1.4.1974 )
Ss. 1, 4 rep.
37, s. 40(3), sch .
9 .
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 97.
18, s . 54(1 ), sch .
3 .
S. 5(3) rep. in pt.
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
S. 1( 4 ) rep.
36, s . 41(1 ), sch . 6
Pt. II.
S. 2 ( 4 ) am.
S.I. No. 595.
S. 7 ext.
51, s. 4( 6 ).
S. 7( 5) am. (retrosp.)
51, s. 5.
Ss. 8( 5) proviso added,
S.İ. No. 595.
12(5)(6)(8) am.
S. 14 am.
... 51, s. 6.
Ss. 16( 2), 21 (3), 24(1 ) am .
S.I. No. 595.
S. 24( 2A) added (retrosp.) 51, s . 7.
am. S.I. No. 1749.
S. 46(1 )( 4) am.
S.I. No. 595.
S. 47 ext. 51, s . 4 ( 6) .
S. 49 am.
...
S.I. No. 595.
Ss. 56, 60, 61 rep .
...
51 , s. 59( 7) , sch.
22Pt. I.
S. 65( 2 ) rep .
51 , s . 59(7) , sch.
22 Pt. II.
S. 73 ext. (E.)
32, s . 44( 5) .
( S.)
65, s . 220 (5).
S. 75 excl .
51, s . 22( 3).
excl . (6.4.1975)
38, s . 5( 3), sch. 2
para. 3(2)(c) .
mod.
51, s. 32(5)(6).
ext . (6.4.1975)
38, s . 5( 3), sch. 2
para. 3( 4 ).
S. 78(2)(3) excl....
..
51 , s . 19, sch. 8
para. 26.
S. 79(2)(c) subst. , (2A )
51, s. 19, sch. 8
added
para. 4(1) .
S. 79( 4) excl . (retrosp.)
51, s. 19, sch. 8
S. 79(6 )(c) am.
para. 4(2) .
51 , s. 19, sch. 8
para. 4(1).
S. 85 excl .
51, s . 31( 2)( d ).
S. 86 excl .
51, s. 23.
appl.
51, s. 40( 2 ).
Ss. 89, 90 mod.
51, s. 23( 4)(6 ).
S. 90(3) am. (retrosp. )
51, s. 33, sch. 13
para. 9.
S. 92(1 ) am. (retrosp.)...
51 , s. 33, sch. 13
para. 2.
S. 92(2) am (retrosp. )...
51 , s. 33, sch. 13
para. 4.
rep. in pt. 51, ss. 33, 59( 7),
( retrosp. )
sch. 13 para. 3,
sch . 22 Pt. II.
S. 92( 3A ) added (retrosp.) 51 , s. 33, sch . 13
para. 5.
Effect ofLegislation CCXXXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1972 :
c. 41 -cont. Finance Act 1972 -cont. S. 92( 5) am. (retrosp. )... 51, s. 33, sch. 13
para. 6.
S. 92(6 ) (7) rep. in pt. 51, ss. 33, 59( 7 ),
( retrosp. )
sch. 13 para. 3,
sch . 22 Pt. II .
S. 92(8) am. (retrosp.)
...
51, s. 33, sch. 13
para. 7.
S.
92 ( 9) - (11) added
51 , s . 33, sch. 13
( retrosp. )
para. 8.
S. 92 ( 9) am.
51, s . 32( 6 ).
S. 95(1)(2) am. ( retrosp .)
51, s. 34 , sch. 14
para. 2.
S. 96(1) am. (retrosp.)...
51, s. 34, sch. 14
para. 3.
S. 100(4)- ( 6) appl. (mod. )
51 , s. 42( 5) .
S. 103( 5) am. (retrosp. )
51, s. 34, sch. 14
Sch. 4 am.
para. 5.
S.I. Nos. 324,
385, 386, 387,
392, 595, 2151.
Sch. 5 am....
S.I. No. 2151.
Sch. 6 para. 1 am.
S.I. No. 595.
para. 6 subst.
51, s. 8.
para. 7 am.
...
S.I. No. 595.
Sch. 7 para. 2(3) гер.
...
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
51, s. 9.
para. 7 am.
( retrosp .)
Sch. 8 rep. ...
Sch. 12 appl. (mod.)
( prosp. ) Pt. IV para. 5(1),
( 2 )(b) rep. in pt.
Pt. VII paras . 6-9
ext.
Sch. 16 para. 5( 2)( 4)- (8)
appl. ( mod. )
para. 5( 6 ) am.
( retrosp. ), ( 6A) added
( retrosp. ) para. 5( 7) (c) rep.
in pt. (retrosp.)
51 , s . 59( 7), sch .
22 Pt. I.
51, s. 19, sch. 8
paras . 10-34.
51 , ss. 19, 59( 7),
sch. 8 para. 9,
sch . 22 Pt . II .
51, s. 19, sch. 8
para. 35.
51 , s. 16( 4 ) .
51 , s. 21 (1 ), sch. 9
para. 1.
para. 6 ext .
para. 7(6) excl.
para. 7( 7) rep....
para. 10A added
para.
( 2A ) added. 12( 1)( d) ,
51, ss. 21(1), 59
( 7), sch. 9 para.
1( 4), sch. 22
Pt. II.
51, s . 16( 4 ) .
51 , s. 21 (1 ), sch. 9
рага. 2.
51, ss. 33, 59( 7),
sch. 13 para.
10, sch. 22 Pt.
II.
51, s. 21(1 ), sch. 9
para. 3.
51 , s. 21 (1 ), sch. 9
para. 4.
ccxxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 41 -cont.
c. 42
с.46...
Finance Act 1972 -cont. Sch. 16 para. 19 ext.
( retrosp. )
Sch. 17 para. 8 am.
( retrosp . )
Sch. 18 mod.
para. 6 excl .
Sch. 22 para. 3( 3) saved
para. 10(1 ) am.
( retrosp. )
Sch . 23 mod....
para. 9 am....
51 , s. 34, sch. 14
para. 4.
51, s. 21(2 ).
Town and Country Plan-
ning ( Amendment) Act
1972.
Housing (Financial Pro-
visions) (Scotland ) Act
1972.
51, s. 40 ( 2).
51, s. 40 (3 ).
51, s. 22( 5) .
51, s. 34, sch. 14
para. 6.
51 , s. 23( 4)(6 ) .
51, s . 33 , sch. 13
para. 11 .
para. 11 ( 2)(5) am.
51, s. 34, sch. 14
( retrosp. ) para. 19(1) am.
para. 7.
51, s. 21( 3).
( retrosp. )
Sch. 3 paras. 5, 9( 3) am.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
( prosp. ).
para. 15.
Appl. ( temp. )
6, s. 2( 2).
S. 16(1 ) am.
6, s. 2(1), sch. 2
para. 1 .
S. 16( 3) am.
6, s. 2( 1), sch. 2
para. 2.
S. 16( 4)(a) am. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 130 ( 3), sch.
12 para. 23.
S. 16( 5) am.
6, s. 2( 1 ), sch. 2
para. 3.
S. 16( 7)-(10) added
6, s. 2( 1), sch. 2
para. 4.
S. 17(1) excl . (temp. )
6 , s. 2( 2 ).
S. 18A added
6, s. 2(1 ), sch. 2
para. 5.
S. 20(1) am.
6, s. 2 (1 ), sch. 2
рага. 6.
S. 22(1 ) definitions of-
" furnished letting
"
" lessee ", " lessor
"
6, s. 2(1), sch. 2
,
para. 7.
added.
" landlord " rep. in pt. , 6, s. 2(1), sch. 2
"
" rent am.
para. 8.
S. 71(4 ) am.
56, s . 34(7).
S. 78(1) definition of
65, s. 130 ( 3), sch.
“ "
year am. ( prosp.).
12para. 24.
Sch . 2 Pt. I ext .
65, s. 112 ( 3) .
para. 8(1)(2) subst.
S.I. No. 1517.
para. 9(2)(i) am.
38, s. 100(2)(a) ,
( prosp. ).
sch. 27 para.
96.
para. 9( 4) am.
...
S.I. No. 546.
Sch . 3 Pt. I ext.
65, s . 112( 3) .
para. 4(2)(b) am.
S.I. No. 1517.
para . 15(1)(f) am.
6, s. 2(1), sch. 2
рага. 9.
para . 15 (1 ) (g)
6, s. 2(1), sch . 2
added.
para. 10.
para . 15(3A) added
6, s. 2( 1), sch. 2
para. 11.
Effect ofLegislation ccxxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972: -cont.
c. 47
Part III
Housing Finance Act Apptd. day for s. 89( 7 )
1972. ( 1.6.1973) .
S. 18(3) (b) rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 869.
...
6, s. 1 (1), sch. 1
para. 1.
S. 19(1) am.
S. 19(3) rep . in pt.
6, s. 1 ( 1), sch. 1
para. 2.
6, s. 1(1), sch . 1
para. 3.
S. 19( 4) am.
6, s. 1( 1) , sch. 1
para. 4.
S. 19(6 ) am.
... 6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
para. 5.
S. 19( 7 ) am.
.. 6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
para. 6.
S. 19( 8) am.
6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
S. 19(8A ) added
para. 7.
6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
para. 8.
S. 19(10) am.
...
6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
para. 9.
S. 19(12) -(14) added
6, s . 1 (1), sch. 1
para. 10.
S. 20(7) proviso am.
...
6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
S. 23(1) am.
para. 11.
...
6, s . 1 (1), sch. 1
para. 12.
S. 24 ( 5 ) am. ... 6, s. 1 (1), sch. 1
para. 13.
S. 24(6 ) am.
... 6, s . 1(1), sch. 1
para. 14.
S. 24(10) am. 6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
para. 15.
S. 24(11) am.
... 6, s. 1( 1), sch. 1
para. 16.
S. 25(1) am. , proviso 6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
added.
para. 17.
S. 25(2) subst.
6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
para. 18.
S. 25(3A) added...
6, s . 1(1), sch. 1
para. 19.
S. 25( 4) am.
6, s. 1 (1) , sch. 1
para. 20.
S. 25A added
...
6, s. 1(1 ), sch. 1
para. 21.
S. 26(1) definitions of-
" " "
dwelling Part VI
letting " added.
" allowance scheme "
am. , " landlord "
6, s . 1(1), sch. 1
para. 22.
6, s. 1 (1), sch. 1
para. 23.
rep. in pt.
S. 35(2) am.
S.I. No. 752.
S. 89(1 )(2) rep . in pt. , ( 6 ) 9, ss. 14 ( 3), 23( 3),
rep.
S. 94 rep. sch. 6.
26, s. 86, sch . 3.
S. 104(1) definition of 6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
“ dwelling " am.
para. 24.
Schs. 3, 4 am.
S.I. No. 614.
2C
ccxxxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1972
c. 47 -cont.
c.50... ...
c. 52... ...
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Housing Finance Act Sch. 3 para. 1(1)(c) am.
1972 -cont.
Legal Advice and Assis- tance Act 1972. Town and Country Plan-
ning ( Scotland) Act
1972.
6, s. 1 (1), sch. 1
рага. 25.
para. 9(2)( j) am.
( prosp. ).
38, s . 100(2)(a),
sch. 27 para.
97.
Sch. 4 para. 14( 1)( h)
6, s. 1 (1), sch. 1
added.
para. 26.
added . para. 14(3A)
6, s. 1( 1), sch. 1
para. 27.
Sch. 10 para. 9 am. ...
6, s. 1( 1) , sch. 1
para. 29.
para . 9 heading
6, s. 1(1), sch. 1
rep. in pt.
para. 28.
Apptd. day for Pts. I (ss .
1-6 ), III (ss. 11-14 )
( 2.4.1973) -
( Ε .)
S.I. No. 299.
( S. )
...
S.I. No. 320.
S. 4(2 ) am. (E.)
... S.I. No. 1716.
am. (S.) S.I. No. 1738 .
S. 14(5) rep. in pt . 36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
Sch. 1 subst. (E.)... S.I. No. 1716.
subst. (S. )
S.I. No. 1738 .
Ss. 1-3 rep. ( prosp. )..
65, s . 237(1 ) , sch.
29.
Pt. II (ss . 4-18) am.
65, s. 174(1).
( prosp.).
Ss. 4, 5( 3) ext. ( prosp.) ...
65, s . 173(3).
S. 7( 3)( 4) replaced
65, s. 175(1) .
S. 9(1) (2) rep . ( prosp.)...
65, ss. 176(1),
237( 1 ), sch. 29.
S. 10 ( 2 ) rep . in pt. ( prosp . )
65, s . 237(1 ), sch .
29.
S. 12( 4) subst.
65, s. 175( 2) .
S. 13(1 ) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 16.
S. 13( 3) rep. in pt.
65 ,
ss. 175( 3),
237 ( 1), sch. 29.
S. 15(1) am. ( prosp. )
...
65, s . 184, sch. 23
Ss. 25(1) rep. in pt.
para. 17.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp . ) , 28(2)(3 ) rep .
29.
( prosp. ) .
S. 32(1) -(5) ext. (mod. )
65, s. 179(1).
( prosp. ).
S. 33(2) am. (prosp.)
S.42appl. ( mod .)( prosp. )
S. 43(1 ) (3) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 49 appl. ( mod.) ( prosp .)
S. 50 saved
S. 52( 4) am. ( prosp.)
S. 63(1) rep. in pt. (prosp. )
65 , s. 180.
65, s . 181 (2) .
65, SS. 184 ,
237( 1), sch. 23
para. 18, sch.
29.
65, s . 181(2) .
56, s . 22(5).
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 19.
65, ss. 209(1),
237( 1), sch. 25
para. 46, sch.
29 .
Effect ofLegislation ccxxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 52 -cont . Town and Country Plan-
ning (Scotland ) Act
1972 -cont.
S. 63( 3) am. ( prosp .)...
S. 84(1) rep. in pt . ( prosp.)
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 20.
65, ss. 209(1),
237( 1), sch . 25
para. 47, sch.
29 .
S. 96(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
65, s. 237(1), sch.
29.
S. 102(3)(5) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 21 .
S. 107(1 ) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 22( a).
S. 107( 3) rep. in pt. 65,
SS. 184 ,
( prosp. ) .
237( 1), sch. 23
para . 22 (b) ,
sch. 29.
S. 107(5) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 22( c ) .
S. 109( 1) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
65, s. 29 .
237( 1), sch.
S. 109(1)(c) am. ( prosp.)
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 23.
S. 111(1) rep. in pt.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp .) .
29 .
S. 111( 3) am. (prosp. )... 65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 24.
Ss . 112( 2)(3), 113( 2 ) rep. 65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp.), ( 3)(6 ) rep. in
29 .
pt. ( prosp. ), 114(3)( 4)
rep. ( prosp. ), 115(1)
rep. in pt. ( prosp.), ( 2 )
rep . ( prosp. ).
S. 115(3) am. ( prosp. )... 65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 25.
S. 118(1) proviso, ( 2) rep. 65, s. 237( 1), sch.
( prosp .), ( 3) rep. in pt. 29.
( prosp. ) .
S. 120(5) (6) rep .
... 26 , s. 86, sch. 3.
S. 153(1 ) rep. in pt . 65, SS. 184 ,
( prosp. ) . 237(1), sch . 23
para. 26, sch.
29.
Ss. 169-177 ext.... 56, s. 49 ( 5 ).
Ss. 181-196 am.... 56, s . 77( 4 ) .
ext. ... 56 , ss. 73( 2),
77 ( 5 ).
S. 181(1) am. ... ...
56, ss. 67, 68(1 )-
( 4 ), 69, 70 ( 2).
ext.
... 56, s. 71( 1 ).
..
S. 181(1)(a) am.... 56 , s. 64 ( 1 ).
excl.... 56 , s. 67( 2) .
S. 181 (1)(b) am.... 56 , s. 64( 2) .
S. 181 ( 1)(e) am. ... 56, ss. 65, 70(1).
S. 181( 1)(g)(i) am.... 56 , s. 66.
S. 181(1)(i) added
... 56, s. 71( 2 ).
S. 181( 4)( a) appl .
56 , ss. 2(6 ), 43( 2) .
S. 181 ( 6 ) definition of 56, s . 77( 2) .
" blight notice " am.
S. 181(6 ) am. ... ... 56, s. 71( 2 ).
Part III 2C2
ccxl Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 52 -cont.
Town and Country Plan-
ning ( Scotland ) Act
1972 -cont.
S. 182 appl. ( mod.)
56, s . 20(2).
ext.
56, s. 73( 4 ) .
S. 182( 1 )(c) rep. in pt. 26, s. 86, sch. 3.
( saving ) .
S. 182(1)(d) subst .... 56, s. 72.
S. 182(3) rep. ( saving ) 26, s . 86, sch. 3 .
S. 183 (2) (a)- (d) ext . 56, s. 73( 3).
S. 183(2) (b)(c) excl . 56, s . 69( 2).
S. 183(2 )(c) ext. (agricul- 56, s. 75( 2).
tural units ).
S. 183(3A ) added... 56, s . 71( 3) .
S. 183( 4) am. 56, s. 77( 3).
S. 183 ( 5) ( a)(b) am. 56, s. 71( 3).
S. 184 ext . 56, s. 64 (6 ) .
S. 184(5) excl . 56, s . 75(7) .
S. 185 mod. 56, s . 75(6 ) .
S. 185( 1 ) mod. , ( 3) excl. 56, s. 76(1).
S. 189(2) am.
56, s . 76(8) .
S. 190( 1 )(b) rep. in pt.
26, s. 86, sch. 3 .
( saving)
S. 190( 1 )(c) subst.
S. 190(4) (5) expld .
S. 191(2) am.
S. 195(1) am.
S. 195( 2 ) am.... ..
56 , s. 72.
56 , s . 73( 4) .
56, s . 54(1).
56, s. 71( 4).
56, ss. 64( 9), 67
( 3 ) .
S. 196 definitions of-
" annual value ",
56, ss. 2(6 ), 43( 2) .
" hereditament " appl.
( mod. )
S. 201(9) am. ( prosp.)...
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 27.
S. 202(5) am. (prosp. ).. 65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 28.
S. 204( 7) rep. in pt. 65, s. 237( 1), sch.
( prosp. )
29.
S. 242(1 ) am. ( prosp. )...
65, s. 133(1), sch.
14para. 89.
S. 242(3 ) rep . ( prosp. )
...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
S. 243 am. ( prosp.)
...
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 29.
S. 250(3) am. (prosp.)
...
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 30.
S. 260( 1 ) (5) rep. in pt. 65 ,
ss. 209(1),
( prosp.)
237(1), sch. 25
para. 48, sch.
29.
S. 260( 6) rep. in pt.
65, s. 237(1), sch.
( prosp.)
29.
S 260(6)(a) am. ( prosp. )
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 31.
Ss . 261 , 262(2), 275(1 )
65, s. 237(1), sch.
definitions of joint"
29.planning committee ",
“
largeburgh", " small
burgh " rep. ( prosp . )
Effect ofLegislation ccxli
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 52 -cont. Town and Country Plan- S. 275( 1) definitions of
ning (Scotland) Act
"localauthority "
1972 -cont.
subst. ( prosp . ), " plan-
ning authority"
am.
( prosp . ),"district plan-
ning functions" added
( prosp. )
Schs . 1, 2, 10 paras. 3 rep.
( prosp. ), 10 rep. in pt.
( prosp.)
Sch. 10 para. 15 am.
( prosp . )
Sch. 18 para. 1 ( 2)(b)(ii )
am . ( prosp. )
Sch. 22 para. 69 rep.
( prosp. )
Sch. 24 ext....
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 32.
c. 53
c.54
c. 57
c. 58
...
...
65, s. 237(1 ), sch.
29.
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 33 .
65, s. 184, sch. 23
para. 34.
65, s . 237(1 ), sch.
29.
56, ss. 46( 4), 49
( 5 ).
para. 8 mod.
...
para. 26 am.
56, s. 51 .
...
56, s. 54 ( 4 ).
Contracts of Employment Ext.
... ... 38, s . 91( 5).
Act 1972.
S. 1 mod. ( S.)... 65, s . 217( 2).
Ss. 1, 2 expld. ( prosp.)
... 50, s . 7( 3) .
Ss. 4-6 saved... 38, s . 91(3).
S. 4(1) am. (6.4.1975)
... 38, s. 91(1).
Ss. 4( 5), 5(1)(3) am.
38, s. 91( 2 ).
( 6.4.1975 )
S. 6( d ) added ( 6.4.1975 )
38 , s. 91(2)(d ) .
S. 8 excl . (6.4.1975)
38, s. 91( 4).
S. 8(1 ) -(6 ) am. (6.4.1975)
38, s . 91 ( 2)(c) .
Sch. 1 appl. ( prosp.)
British Library Act 1972
National Insurance Act
1972.
50, s. 7( 4)( b) .
Apptd. day for whole
S.I. No. 1125.
Act (1.7.1973)
Apptd. days for certain
S.I. Nos. 833,
specified provisions
1355.
Ss. 1-3 rep. ( prosp. )...
38, s . 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
Ss. 1(1), 3 (except the
42, s . 9( 6 ), sch. 7.
repeal of s . 3(3) does
not apply for the year
1973/4 or earlier years),
4 (1)( 4)(5) rep.
Ss. 4( 5 ) rep. ( prosp.), 5(1),
( 5 )( b ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
38, s . 100(2)( b),
sch. 28 Pt. I.
6( 1) - ( 4) rep. (prosp.),
7( 1)(a) rep. in pt.
( prosp. )
S. 7(1)(b) rep.
... ...
National Health Service
( Scotland ) Act 1972.
Schs. 1-3 rep .
Schs. 1 , 2, 4 Pt. II rep.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 5 paras. 2, 3(a) rep.
in pt. , (b) rep. , 5 rep.
( but not for the year
1973/4 or earlier years).
Apptd . day for ss. 1, 13, 52, 60-63, sch. 6paras.
1, 114 ( 1.3.1973).
36, s. 41 ( 1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
42, s. 9( 6), sch. 7.
38, s . 100(2)( b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
42, s. 9(6 ), sch. 7.
S.I. No. 372.
ccxlii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 58 -cont.
National Health Service
( Scotland ) Act 1972.-
cont.
Apptd. day for ss. 14-16, S.I. No. 1421 .
20-23, 58 , 59 (1.9.1973) ,
42-50 (1.10.1973) .
S. 22(3) added
...
32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
sch. 4, para.
138.
S. 23( 1A ) added
...
32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
sch. 4 para.
139.
S. 34 (2)(g) added
32, ss. 57, 58(5) .
sch . 4 para,
140 .
S. 34A added
32, ss . 57, 58(5),
sch. 4 para.
141 .
S. 43( 2) am.
... 32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 4 para .
142 .
S. 43( 4) гер.
S. 44(2) subst .
32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
sch. 5.
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 4 para .
143.
S. 45( 2 ) subst.
32, ss . 57, 58(5) ,
sch. 4 para.
144 .
S. 46(2)(4) am.
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch . 4 para.
145.
S. 47 rep. in pt.
32 , ss. 57, 58
( 5 )( 6 ), sch. 4
para. 146, sch.
5.
am.
32 , ss. 57, 58
( 5 )( 6 ), sch. 4
para. 146.
S. 65( 3) subst.
..
32, ss . 57, 58( 5),
sch. 4 para.
147.
S. 65(4) added...
32, ss. 57, 58
( 5 )( 6 ), sch. 4
para. 148.
Sch. 6 para. 7 rep .
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 5.
para. 20A added...
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 4 para.
149.
para. 45 am.
( 16.5.1975 ).
65, s . 214(2) , sch .
27 Pt. II para.
203.
para. 98-100, 103
32, ss. 57, 58(5),
rep. , 130 rep. in pt. ,
sch. 5.
131 гер.
para. 132 rep.
( prosp. ).
paras. 133, 142,
153 rep.
65, s. 237(1), sch .
29.
32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
sch. 5.
Effect ofLegislation ccxliii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
National Health Service | Sch. 6 para. 156A added 32, ss. 57, 58(5) ,
c. 58 -cont.
( Scotland ) Act 1972.-
sch. 4 para.
cont.
150.
Sch. 7 rep. in pt.... 32, ss. 57, 58(5),
sch. 5.
c . 59 .. ...
Administration of Justice
( Scotland ) Act 1972 .
Apptd. day for ss. 1, 3 S.I. No. 339.
41
( 2.4.1973).
c.60
Gas Act 1972
S. 3 excl .... ... 65, s. 25(3) .
S. 33(2) rep . in pt.... 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
S. 33( 3 ) rep. in pt. and 51, s . 47(8), sch.
am.
19 para. 18.
S. 39( 3) definition of
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
“ local authority " am.
27 Pt. II para.
( 16.5.1975) .
204 .
Sch. 2 para. 14 am.
...
26, s . 58(2)(a).
para. 24 am.
56, s . 54( 2)(a).
c. 62 Agriculture (Miscel-
laneous Provisions ) Act
1972.
S. 4( 2) definition of
65, s. 214( 2), sch.
" appropriate autho-
27 Pt. II para.
rity " am. (16.5.1975).
205.
S. 7(3) am. (16.5.1975) ...
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para .
206.
c. 63 Industry Act 1972 S. 1(5) am. (prosp. )...
50, s. 14(1), sch. 3
para. 15.
...
c. 65 c . 66 S. 18( 2 ) rep.
National Debt Act 1972 S. 18 rep .... ...
Poisons Act 1972 S. 11( 2 ) definition of
" local authority
para. ( b) subst. (16.5.
1975) .
Companies (Floating S. 19 am. ( prosp. )...
Charges and Receivers)
( Scotland ) Act 1972.
c. 68 .. European Communities Apptd. days for certain
Act 1972.
specified provisions in-
sch . 3 Pt. II
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
36, s. 41( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
65, s. 188, sch. 24
para. 47.
c. 67
38, s. 93, sch . 24
para. 3(1)(b).
c. 70...
sch. 3 Pt. I
Ss. 2( 5) rep. in pt. ,
4 ( 3)(b) rep .
S. 10(1)( 2) am. , ( 2A )
added.
S. 10(3) rep .
Local Government Act Apptd. days for certain
1972. specified provisions.
S. 68 3appl . (mod.)
S. 92 appl... ...
Ss. 94-98 appl. (mod.)
S. 113(1A) , ( 3) added...
Ss. 114-119 appl. (mod. )
S.I. Nos. 135,
1019.
S.I. No. 2176.
36, s . 41 (1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
41, s . 139, sch. 12.
41, s. 139, sch. 13.
S.I. Nos. 373,
375.
37, s . 34(1), sch. 6
para. 4.
37, s . 2(8) , sch. 3
para. 9( 5) .
37, s. 2( 8), sch. 3
para. 17.
32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 151 .
37, s. 2( 8), sch. 3
para. 12.
ccxliv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 70 -cont.
c . 71
Local Government Act Ss. 154-167 appl. (mod.) 37, s. 2( 8), sch. 3
1972 -cont .
Ss . 173-175 appl . para. 39.
... 37, s. 2( 8), sch . 3
para. 11( 2 ).
Ss. 177(1)(b ) , 181 (3) - (8)
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
гер. ( 1.4.1974 ).
9.
S. 201(6 )(a) am.
41 , s. 139, sch .
12 .
S. 209 rep. ( prosp. )
...
50, s. 14(2), sch .
4 .
S. 210 excl .
32, s . 25( 4).
S. 217(1) rep. in pt.
(prosp . ) , ( 4) rep .
15, ss. 19( 1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
( prosp. ).
S. 217(5) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 217(6 ) rep. ( prosp .), ( 7 )
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ).
S. 223(2) am . (1.4.1974)
S. 236 ext. (1.4.1974 )...
S. 250(2)-(5) appl. ( mod. )
appl. ( mod. )
( 1.4.1974 ).
appl. (1.1 .
1975 ).
62, s. 56( 2), sch.
6 .
15 , ss. 19( 1), 20,
sch . 5 Pt. II.
37, s . 40 (2), sch. 8
para. 98.
37, s. 40( 2), sch. 8
para. 73( 2 ) .
37, ss. 2(8), 12( 9),
36 ( 3), sch. 2
para . 15 (2) ,
sch. 4 Pt. I,
sch. 7 paras .
11, 23.
37, s. 12( 9), sch. 4
Pt. II para. 10.
43, s. 20(1)( a) .
S. 254 ext .
... 19, s. 11(8 ).
saved
... 37 , SS. 12 ( 9 ) ,
35( 2 ), sch . 4
Pt. I.
Ss. 254-257, 259, 260 37, s. 34( 1).
appl. ( mod. ) .
S. 261 ( 7) am.... 32, s . 57, sch. 4
para. 152.
S. 262(13) rep. in pt. 37, s. 40(3), sch.
( 1.4.1974 ).
9.
S. 263 excl . (1.4.1974 )
... 37 , s. 33.
S. 269 appl.
{
32, s . 55( 2) .
37, s. 38(2) .
Sch. 14 paras. 17, 48 rep. 32, s. 57, sch. 5.
( prosp. ).
Sch. 23 para. 13 rep.... 18, s. 54(1), sch .
3 .
Sch. 27 paras. 2-4, 11
15, ss. 19(1), 20,
rep. ( prosp. ).
sch . 5 Pt. II .
Sch. 29 para . 24(1) , (4)
37, s. 40( 3), sch .
rep. (1.4.1974)
9.
Criminal Justice Act 1972 Apptd. days for certain
S.I. Nos. 272,
specified provisions .
1472.
Apptd. day for s. 63( 3) ,
S.I. No. 1995.sch. 4(1.1.1974).
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1972:
c. 71 -cont.
Short title or Subject Effect of Legislation ccxlv
How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Criminal Justice Act 1972 Pt. I ( ss. 1-24) (except
-cont.
ss . 6, 23(5)(6), 24(2)-
( 4 ) ) rep. ( prosp. ).
S.23 ( 5 ) am. ( prosp. )...
S. 24(2)(3 ) am. (prosp. )
62, s. 56(2), sch .
6 .
c. 72.. ...
62, s. 56(1 ) , sch. 5
para. 45.
62, s. 56(1), sch. 5
para. 46.
S. 37 rep. ( prosp.)
...
62, s . 56(2) , sch .
6.
S. 39 rep.
...
14, s. 21 ( 2), sch .
2 .
S. 40 rep. ( prosp.)
...
62, s. 56(2), sch .
6.
S. 49(2)(4) am. ( prosp.)
62, s. 56(1), sch . 5
para. 47.
Ss . 51 (3), 52-57 rep.
62, s. 56( 2 ), sch.
( prosp. ).
6.
S. 63(1) rep. , ( 2) rep. in
36, s. 41(1), sch. 6
pt.
Pt. I.
S. 66(3) (4), sch. 1 rep. 62, s . 56( 2), sch .
( prosp. ).
6.
Sch. 2am. ( prosp. ) ... 62, s . 56(1 ), sch . 5
para. 48.
Sch. 3 rep . , sch. 5 rep. in
14 , s. 21(2), sch .
pt .
2 .
Sch. 5 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
62, s. 56(2), sch.
6.
Rep. ( prosp.)... ... 32, s . 57, sch . 5.
c. 74... ...
c. 75
c. 76
c. 77
c. 80
..
National Health Service
( Family Planning)
Amendment Act 1972 .
Counter-Inflation ( Tem-
porary Provisions) Act
1972.
Pensioners and Family
Income Supplement
Payments Act 1972.
...
Northern Ireland (Finan- S. 2 rep.
cial Provisions) Act
1972. S. 3 am.
Northern Ireland ( Border
... Rep.
Poll) Act 1972.
Pensioners' Payments and
National Insurance
Contributions Act
1972.
Apptd. day for rep. ofs. 29, s . 3(2) .
( 2.4.1973 ).
S. 1(1) am.
...
S. 5(2 ) rep.
S.I. No. 73 .
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
... ...
36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. II.
36 , s. 13( 4 ).
...
...
36, s. 41(1 ), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 2 rep. ( prosp.), 3( 3) 38, s. 100(2)(b),
rep. in pt. ( prosp. ). sch . 28 Pt. I.
1973 :
c. 9
Counter- Inflation Act Pt. II (ss. 3-11) rep. 9, s. 4....
1973.
( prosp.).
S. 20( 7) rep . ... c . 13
... ...
с . 14
... ...Supply ofGoods ( Implied
Terms) Act 1973.
Costs in Criminal Cases
Act 1973 .
S. 17(2 ) rep ... 36, s. 41 ( 1), sch . 6
Pt. I.
... 36, s . 41(1), sch. 6
Pt. I.
Ss. 13-17 ext . (mod. )
15, s. 17( 2 ) .
S. 18(1)(b) am. ( prosp.),
62, s. 56(1), sch5
( 4 )(a)-(c) subst.
( prosp. ). para. 49.
ccxlvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 -cont.
c. 15
c. 16
c .17
c. 18
c . 19
c. 26
Administration of Justice Act 1973 .
Ss. 10 (8) rep. in pt. , 14 ( 3),
36, s. 41(1), sch . 6
18 ( 3) rep.
Pt . I.
Sch. 1 para. 8(1) am.
38, s. 100(2)(a),
( prosp. ).
sch. 27 para.
98.
.. ... Education Act 1973 ...
Apptd. day for s. 1 (1)(a ) ,
S.I. No. 1661 .
sch. 2 Pt. III (1.2.1974) .
... Northern Ireland S. 1(1) Power to am....
36, s. 28(5)(6) .
Assembly Act 1973
S. 1 (2) appl . (mod.)...
S. 1 (5) Power to am. 36 , s. 28(1).
36, s . 26(8) .
S. 2(3)- (5) appl ....
36 , s. 29(1).
S. 2(5) am.... ... 36, s. 29( 2 ).
S. 3(1)( 3) am. 36, s. 30 (3).
Sch. appl. (mod.)...
36, s . 28(1) .
Power to am.
36, s . 28(5)(6) .
Matrimonial Causes Act Apptd. day for whole Act
S.I. No. 1972.
1973
( 1.1.1974 )
S. 19(1) rep. in pt. , (2)(5)
rep.
S. 27( 2) am.
S.46 rep.
45, s. 17( 2 ), sch .
6.
45 , s . 6(1) .
45, s. 17( 2), sch.
6.
S. 50(1)(c) rep. in pt. ,
45, s . 6( 2 ).
( e ) added
Independent Broadcast-
S. 11( 6)(b ) am. ( 16.5.
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
ing Authority Act
1975 )
27 Pt. II para.
1973
207.
Land Compensation Act
Ss. 2( 8) rep. , 3(5) rep. in
56, s. 81(1), sch.
1973
pt. , 4(6) , 5(6), 6(7) , 8
2Pt. I.
(8), 10(5), 11(6 ) rep. ,
16 (1) rep. in pt.
S. 16( 2) am.
56, s. 81(1), sch. 2
Pt. II.
Ss. 18( 2) rep. , 19(1)
56, s. 81(1), sch . 2
definitions of " high-
Pt. I.
way rep . in pt . ,
" highway authority ",
6 " land", ( 4 ) rep. , 20
( 10 )(11) rep. in pt. , 22
(11) rep . , 23( 1) (d) rep .
inpt .
S. 23(1)(d ) am....
56 , s. 81 (1 ), sch . 2
Pt. II.
Ss. 24(6 ) rep. , 25, 26(6),
56, s . 81 (1 ), sch . 2
27( 5) rep. in pt . , 28(5)
Pt. I.
rep . 29( 1 ) rep . in pt. ,
( 4)(c) rep . , (5)(7) гер .
inpt.
S. 29(7)(a) (c) am.
Ss. 29(8), 30( 1) rep . in pt. , 31, 32(9) rep .
S. 33( 4) am. ...
Ss. 34( 7) rep . , 35(7)(a)(c),
( 9), 36(5)(6), 37(1 )(2)
rep. in pt.
S. 37( 2) am....
56, s. 81(1), sch. 2
Pt. II.
56, s. 81(1), sch. 2
Pt. I.
56, s. 81(1), sch. 2
Pt. II.
56, s. 81 (1), sch . 2
Pt. I.
56, s. 81(1), sch . 2
Pt. II.
Effect of Legislation ccxlvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1973:
c. 26 -cont.
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
c. 28
с. 32
... ...
...
c. 35 ... ...
Land Compensation Act Ss. 37( 3)(6 ) rep, in pt. , (8)
1973 -cont.
rep . , (9) , 38(3)(a)(4),
39(1) (b), (2) rep. in pt . ,
( 4 )(с) гер . , (5)(6)(7)(9),
rep. inpt. , 41(11) rep.,
42(1 ) (b)(2)(6) rep. in
pt . , 44(3), 46(8), 48( 7),
49 rep. , 50( 4) rep. in pt. ,
51( 7), 52( 13) rep , 53 (5)
( 6 ) rep. in pt. , 54(9),
55(5) , 56( 5) , 57( 4)-(6) ,
58(3), 59(8) , 60, 61 ( 6),
62, 63(2) rep . , 64 rep .
in pt . , 65-67, 83 rep .
S. 87(1 ) definitions of-
" agricultural holding "
am.
agriculture ", " agri-
cultural", " ' agricul-
tural land ", " agricul-
tural holding ", " agri-
cultural unit "
"acquiring authority" ,
"
authority possessing
compulsory purchase
powers " rep. in pt. ,
" cottar ", " croft",
"crofter" ,"landlord",
rep."disabled person",
“
dwelling " rep. in pt. ,
heritable security
,
"
holding", "land-
holder ".
66 owner " .
66
road " statutory
,
"
small tenant rep. ,
"
pt . tenancy " , (3) rep. in
S. 89(4) am.
...
Sch. 1, 2 rep.
... ...
Rate Rebate Act 1973 ...
Rep. ( S.) (16.5.1974)
National Health Service
Reorganisation Act
1973
Apptd. day for sch. 4
paras. 41, 138-140,
142-150, and sch. 5 in
pt. (5.7.1973)
Apptd. day for SS. 31-39,
sch, 3, sch. 4para. 59(1)
( 1.10.1973 )
Employment Agencies S. 13(1) definitions of
Act 1973" licensing authority
"
para. (f ), "local
"
authority am. (16.5.
1975 )
56, s. 81(1), sch . 2
Pt. I.
56, s. 81(1 ), sch. 2
Pt. II.
56, s. 81(1), sch. 2
Pt. I.
56, s . 81 (1), sch. 2
Pt. II.
56, s. 81(1), sch . 2
Pt. I.
65, s . 237(1), sch .
29.
S.I. No. 1185.
S.I. No. 1523 .
65, s. 214(2), sch.
27 Pt. II para.
208.
ccxlviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 -cont.
c. 36... ...
Northern Ireland Con- Apptd. day for Pt. III
S.I. No. 1418.
stitution Act 1973
... ( ss. 17-23) ( 1.9.1973)
Apptd. day for Pt. II
S.I. No. 2162.
( ss . 4-16 ) (1.1.1974)
S. 7( 3)( 4) am.
... ...
69, s. 1( 2).
S. 8(1) - (3) subst.
...
69, s. 1(1) .
c. 37
Water Act 1973
Ss . 19(1 ), 21 ext .
...
S.I. No. 2095.
Am. (regional
water
65, s . 148(8) , sch.
board ) (prosp.).
17para. 64.
c . 38
... ...
Social Security Act 1973 Apptd. days for certain
S.I. Nos. 1249,
specified provisions .
1433.
Power to am.
..
61 , s. 7 sch.
Sch. 23 para. 11(1) am.
62, s. 56(1 ), sch. 5
( prosp . ) .
c .41
.. ...
para. 50.
Fair Trading Act 1973...
Apptd. day for ss. 29-32 ,
S.I. No. 1545.
33(2)(c) , 118-123, 129,
132, 134, 135(2) (a)(b),
137, 140 (14.9.1973).
Apptd. day for remaining S.I. No. 1652.
provisions ofAct (1.11 .
1973).
S. 135( 3) rep. S.I. No. 2163.
c. 42 ... ...
National Insurance and
Apptd. days for whole S.I. No. 13 .
Supplementary Benefit
Act ( G.B. ) .
Act 1973.
c. 43 ... ...
Hallmarking Act 1973 ... S. 20(1)(b) am. (16.5. 65, s . 214(2), sch.
1975).
27 Pt. II para.
209.
c.46... ... International
Cocoa
Apptd. day for whole
S.I. No. 1617.
Agreement Act 1973.
Act (1.10.1973) .
c.47
Protection of Aircraft Act
Apptd. day for ss. 1-5,
S.I. No. 1753 .
1973.
6( 1)(3) (24.11.1973) .
c. 50..
Employment and Train-
Apptd. days for certain
ing Act 1973 .
S.I. No. 2063.
specified provisions .
Sch. 3 para. 7 rep. ( prosp. )
38, s. 100(2)(b),
sch . 28 Pt. I.
c. 51
Finance Act 1973...
Apptd. day for sch. 8 Pts.
S.I. No. 1797.
III ( 1.12.1973).
c. 53
... Northern Ireland ( Emer-
Expiry of Act (except ss .
53, s . 30(2) .
gency Provisions) Act
1, 9, 25-31 , sch . 5 ) see
1973.
s. 30(2).
Sch. 1 paras. 4( 3), 5, 9( 3), S.I. No. 2163 .
10 am.
Sch . 2 am. S.I. No. 1880.
c. 54
...
Nature
Conservancy Apptd . day for s. 1( 7 ) S.I. No. 1721 .
c. 57
Council Act 1973 . ( 1.11.1973).
...
Badgers Act 1973
... Ss . 6(1) , 9(2) (a) am .... 54, s . 1 (1)(b)(7),
sch. 1 para. 12.
c. 60...
S. 11 definitions of-
" authorised person " 54, s . 1 (1 )(b)(7),
para. ( d ) am. authority"sch. 1 para. 12
" local
65, s . 214( 2), sch.
para. (c ) am. (16.5 .
27 Pt. II para.
1975 ).
210.
Breeding of Dogs Act S. 5( 2) definition of
65, s. 214(2), sch .
1973. " local authority " am.
27 Pt. II para.
( 16.5.1975 ).
211.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1973 -cont.
c. 61
c. 63
c.64
...
...
c. 65.. ...
c. 67.. ...
Effect of Legislation ccxlix
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1973
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Pensioners' Payments and
National Insurance Act
Apptd. day for s . 5 (21.1 . S.I. No. 1969 .
1974 )
1973
Government Trading
S. 7(5) rep . (1.1.1975)...
63, s. 7( 5 ) .
Funds Act 1973
MaplinDevelopment Act
1973
Sch. 3 para . 2( 2) rep . in pt.
Local Government ( Scot-
( prosp. ) Apptd.dayforss.7(except
64, s. 5( 2), sch. 3
para. 2( 3).
S.I. No. 1886.
land ) Act 1973
subs. (1) in pt.), 11
( except subs. (3)), 218,
224, 233, sch. 2 (12.11 .
1973).
Apptd, days for remain-
S.I. No. 2181 .
ing provisions of Act.
Fuel and Electricity (Con- trol) Act 1973
Expiry ofss. 1-8 see s. 10.
67, s. 10.
Pre Union Acts of the Parliaments of Scotland
Year and
Chapter
Title or Short Title How affected Chapter of
1424 (Mar. 12 ) :
c . 24 Anent billis of com-
playntis [ 1424 с. 45]
Rep....
1469
с.4
Prescription Act 1469 Rep. (25.7.1976)
[ 1469 с. 28]
...
1474
c . 9
Prescription Act 1474 Rep. (25.7.1976)
[ 1474 с. 54]
...
1503
c . 9
Spuilzie Act 1503 [1503 Rep.
c. 65]
1540
c. 22
... Judges Act 1540 [1540 Rep.
c . 104]
...
1563 :
c. 17
... Notaries Act 1563 [1563 Rep.
c. 79]
..
1579:
с . 19
с. 21
... Prescription (Ejections)
Act 1579 [ 1579 с. 81 ] Rep . (25.7.1976 )...
.. Prescription Act 1579 Rep. (25.7.1976)...
[ 1579 с. 83]
1587:
c. 57
... Criminal Justice Act 1587 [ 1587 с. 91]
S. ( 10 ) rep. in pt.
...
1594
c. 24
Prescription Act 1594 Rep. (25.7.1976 )
[ 1594 с. 218]
..
1617:
c .13 c. 12... Prescription Act 1617 Rep. (25.7.1976 )...
[ 1617 с. 12]
Reduction Act 1617 [ 1617 Rep. ( 25.7.1976)...
с. 13]
1669:
c. 15 c.14 Prescription Act 1669
( 1669 с. 9] Rep. (25.7.1976 ) Interruptions Act 1669 Rep. (25.7.1976 )
[ 1669 с. 10] 1681:
c. 83 Judicial Sale Act 1681 Rep.
[1681 с. 17]
1685:
с .14
Prescription Act 1685 Rep. ( 25.7.1976 )
[ 1685 с. 14]
...
1690:
с.49...
Judicial Sale Act 1690 Rep.
[ 1690 с. 20]
... ...
1973 Act
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
52, s. 16(2), sch. 5
Pt . I.
52, s. 16(2), sch . 5
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
52, s . 16(2 ) , sch . 5
Pt . I.
52, s. 16( 2), sch . 5
Pt . I.
39, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
52, s. 16( 2), sch . 5
Pt . I.
52, s . 16(2), sch. 5
Pt. I.
52, s. 16( 2), sch . 5
Pt. I.
52, s. 16( 2 ) , sch . 5
Pt. I.
52, s. 16( 2), sch . 5
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
52, s. 16( 2), sch. 5
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Pre Union Acts of the Parliaments of Scotland cclii
Year and
Chapter
Title or Short Title How affected
Chapter of
1973 Act
1695 :
c . 7
c. 8 1696 :
c. 9
c . 19
Cautioners Act 1695
[ 1695 с. 5] Judicial Sale Act 1695
[ 1695 с. 6]
Rep. (25.7.1976)...
Rep.
... ... Prescription Act 1696 Rep. (25.7.1976 )...
[ 1696 с. 9]
Interruptions Act 1696 Rep. (25.7.1976 )
[ 1696 с. 19]
52, s . 16(2) , sch . 5
Pt. I.
39, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
52, s . 16( 2), sch . 5
Pt. I.
52, s. 16( 2 ), sch. 5
Pt . I.

[Index removed.]


