1933-34

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

Passed in

The Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the

Reign of His Majesty

King George the Fifth

Being the Third Session of the Thirty-sixth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of

Great Britain and Northern Ireland

And the 11030]

Church Assembly Measures.

Which received the Royal Assent during that Session

with

Tables of the Titles

The Effect of Legislation

and an Index

LONDON

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE LIMITED

FOR WILLIAM RICHARD CODLING, Esq., C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E,

THE KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addresses:

Adastral House, Kiogrway, London, W.C. 2; 120 George Street, Edinburgh 2;

York Street, Manchester 1; 1 St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

80 Chichester Street, Belfast;

or through any Bookseller

Priu 9s. 0 d. Nei

CONTENTS.

Table. Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION .... c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Measures passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the

Royal Assent during the Session ... i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

xiii

III. The Effect of Legislation

IV. Index to Acts and Measures

XXXV

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL

ACTS

Passed in the Third Session of the Thirty-Sixth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland.

(November 21, 1933 —November 16, 1934.)

24 & 25 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1933-34.

Royal Assent, 21st December, 1933.

1. An Act to make further provision with respect to the financial

powers of hoards administering schemes under the

Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931, and with respect to

the contents of such schemes; to extend the power to

make logins to such boards under .section thirteen of the

said Act; and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Agricultural Marketing (No. 2).)

2. An Act to empower His Majesty to issue Letters Patent

making provision with respect to the administration of

Newfoundland, to authorise the making out of public

moneys of advances to the Government of Newfoundland

and the guaranteeing by the Treasury of stock to be issued

by that Government, and to amend the Colonial Development Act, 1929, in its application to Newfoundland.

(Newfoundland.)

Royal Assent, 28th March, 1934.

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund

to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day

of March, one thousand nine hundred and thirty-three,

one thousand nine hundred and thirty-four and one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-five. (Consolidated

Fund (No. 1).)

a 2

A Table of the Statutes. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

4 . An Act to provide for a preference in respect of light hydrocarbon oils manufactured in the United Kingdom from

coal, shale, or peat, indigenous to the United Kingdom

or from products produced from those substances; and

to provide for the collection of information as to the

production of such oils. (British Hydrocarbon Oils Production.)

5 . An Act to extend the maximum period of annual training in

the case of men of the air force reserve who are serving

as pilots or observers, or are qualifying for service as such.

(Air Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers).)

6 . An Act to amend and make permanent the Dyestuffs

(Import Regulation) Act, 1920. (Dyestuffs (Import

Regulation).)

7. An Act to empower the Minister of Health and the Department of Health for Scotland to make contributions

towards expenses to be incurred by local authorities in

providing or improving supplies of water in rural localities.

(Rural Water Supplies.)

8 . An Act to extend the period in respect of which abatements

from pay may be made under the Indian Pay (Temporary

Abatements) Act, 1931, subject to a reduction in the

percentage to which such abatements are limited. (Indian

Pay (Temporary Abatements).)

9. An Act to amend section twenty of the Mining Industry

Act, 1920, and the enactments amending that section.

(Mining Industry (Welfare Fund).)

10 . An Act to provide financial facilities in connection with

the construction of large vessels for the North Atlantic

shipping trade, and in connection with the merger of certain

shipping companies in respect of their interests in that

trade; and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (North Atlantic Shipping.)

Royal Assent, 26th April, 1934.

11 . An Act to provide, dui/ing Twelve Months, for the Discipline

and Regulation of the Army and the Air Force. (Army

and Air Force (Annual).)

12 . An Act to extend the period during which guarantees may

respectively be given and remain in force under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1930. (Overseas Trade.)

Royal Assent, 17th May, 1934.

13 . An Act to allow marriages to be solemnized at any time

between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m, (Marriage (Extension of Hours).)

A.D. 1933-34. Public General Acts. e

14 . An Act to amend the law relating to arbitrations and to

make provision for other matters connected therewith.

{Arbitration.)

15 . An Act to empower statutory water undertakers to give

and to take supplies of water in bulk. (Supply of Water

in Bulk.)

16. An Act to amend the Firearms Act, 1920, as to the age of

persons who may purchase firearms or to whom firearms

may be sold; and to alter the definition of firearms in the

said Act. {Firearms.)

17 . An Act to amend the County Courts Acts, 1888 to 1924, and

certain other enactments relating to county courts.

{County Courts (Amendment).)

18. An Act to amend the law with regard to the enforcement

of enactments prohibiting the use in Scotland of the

methods of fishing known as beam and otter trawling,

and to the penalties that may be imposed in Scotland

for other offences in connection with sea fisheries; and for

purposes connected therewith. (Illegal Trawling (Scotland).)

19 . An Act to amend the enactments relating to the registration of births, deaths, and marriages in Scotland with

respect to the matters which are required to be inserted

in the register of corrected entries; to make provision for

the re-registration of births in certain cases and for 'the

issue of abbreviated certificates of birth; to repeal in

part section twenty-six of the Registration of Births,

Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854; and for

purposes connected with the matters aforesaid. (Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland)(Amendment).)

20. An Act to authorise the Minister of Health, and the Secretary

of State and the Department of Health for Scotland, to

make orders, and to give directions, with a view to meeting

deficiencies in water supplies due to exceptional shortage

of rain, and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders).)

21 . An Act to provide further protection to certain animals.

(Protection of Animals.)

Royal Assent, 22nd June, 1934.

22. An Act to amend the designation of the Assessor of Railways

and Canals in Scotland and the law relating to the appointment of the said assessor and the provision of superannuation allowances for the said asesssor and the clerks and

other officers employed by him. (Assessor of Public

Undertakings (Scotland).)

/ Table of the Statutes. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

23. An Act to provide that the owners of coal mines in Great

Britain shall insure against, or otherwise ensure the

discharge of, their liabilities under the Workmen’s

Compensation Act, 1925; to enable certain mutual

indemnity associations to make deposits with the

Accountant General of the Supreme Court; and for

purposes incidental to, and connected with, the matters

aforesaid. (Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines).)

24. An Act to empower His Majesty to revoke the National

Economy (Statutory Salaries) Order, 1931, and to provide

that while the said Order remains in force the abatement

to be made thereunder from any salary shall be reduced

by one-half, and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Statutory Salaries (Restoration).)

25. An Act to enable courts in Scotland to disqualify for keeping

dogs persons convicted of cruelty to them. (Protection of

Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland).)

26. An Act to make provision with regard to the power to make,

and the validity of, directions under paragraph (b) (i) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section one of the

Licensing Act, 1921, as respects a part of the year only,

and to the power to fix, and the validity of decisions

fixing, the permitted hours on week-days where such

directions are so made. (Licensing (Permitted Hours).)

Royal Assent, 28th June, 1934.

27. An Act to extend to certain other minerals the provisions

of Part II of the Mining Industry Act, 192G, relating to

the grant of facilities for searching for and working coal.

(Mines (Working Facilities).)

28. An Act to amend the law with respect to gas undertakings.

(Gas Undertakings.)

29. An Act to amend the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920

to 1933, and to make further provision for the training

and assistance of persons who are capable of, and available

for, work but have no' work or only part-time or intermittent work; and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid. (Unemployment.)

30. An Act to make temporary provision for enabling statutory

effect to be given to rates of wages agreed between representative organisations in the cotton manufacturing

industry; and for purposes connected with the matter

aforesaid. (Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary

Provisions).)

A.D. 1933-34.

Public General Acte.

9

31. An Act to authorise the setting up of Clearing Offices for

collecting and dealing with certain debts; to authorise

the imposition of restrictions on imports from certain

foreign countries, and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid. (Debts Clearing Offices and Import

Restrictions.)

Royal Assent, 12th July, 1934.

32. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland

Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to

amend the law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue

(including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make

further provision in connection with Finance. (Finance.)

33. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee a loan to be

raised by the Government of Palestine. (Palestine Loan.)

34. An Act to make further and better provision as to the

status of adopted children and of their relatives by

adoption, for the purposes of the enactments relating to

workmen’s compensation. (Adoption of Children (IVorl*-

men’s Compensation).)

35. An Act to authorise during the period of three years commencing on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four, in lieu of sums payable to the Agriculture

(Scotland) Fund under section five of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911, and the Sixth Schedule to the

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, the placing at

the disposal of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland,

of a sum not exceeding two hundred and seventy-five

thousand pounds annually out of moneys voted by

Parliament. (Land Settlement (Scotland).)

36. An Act to vest in the Grown the property in petroleum and

natural gas within Great Britain and to make provision

with respect to the searching arid boring for and getting

of petroleum and natural gas, and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid. (Petroleum (Production).)

Royal Assent, 25th July, 1934.

37. An Act to amend the law with respect to the investment

of moneys received by the trustees of trustee savings banks

in respect of special investments. (Trustee Savings Banks

(Special Investments).)

38. An Act to amend the Architects (Registration) Act, 1931.

(Architeets (Registration).)

h Table of the Statutes. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

39. An Act to extend by eleven months the period in respect

of which subsidies are payable under the British Sugar

(Subsidy) Act, 1925, and to make further provision as to

the rates of subsidy payable under the said Act, as so

amended, and the administration thereof. (British Sugar

(Subsidy).)

40. An Act to provide that no appeal shall lie from the Court

of Appeal to the House of Lords except with the leave of

that Court or the House of Lords, to make further provision

as respects appeals from county courts, and for purposes

connected with the matters aforesaid. (Administration of

Justice (Appeals).)

41. An Act to amend the law as to the effect of death in relation

to causes of action and as to the awarding of interest in

civil proceedings. (Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions).)

42. An Act to regulate the hours of employment of persons

under the age of eighteen years who are employed about

the business of wholesale or retail shops or employed

elsew here in connection with wholesale or retail trade or

business, and to make provision as to the arrangements

in shops and warehouses for the health and comfort of

workers, and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Shops.)

43. An Act to make provision for the establishment of a National

Maritime Museum and for the addition of certain lands

to Greenwich Park, and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid. (National Maritime Museum.)

Royal Assent, 31st July, 1934.

44. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and thirty-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

(A ppropriation.)

45. An Act to prohibit bodies corporate from purporting to

act as solicitors. (Solicitors.)

46. An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the

Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

47. An Act to provide as respects Dominion Stocks an alternative

to the third of the conditions prescribed by the Treasury

under section two of the Colonial Stock Act, 1900.

(Colonial Stock.)

A.D. 1933-34.

Public General Acts.

i

48. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans

out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating

to local loans. (Public Works Loans.)

49. An Act to enable effect to be given to a Convention for the

Regulation of Whaling, signed at Geneva on behalf of

His Majesty on the twenty-fourth day of September,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one; to prohibit the taking

or treating of whales within the coastal waters of the

United Kingdom; and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid. (Whaling Industry (Regulation).)

50. An Act to amend the Road Traffic Act, 1930, and section

thirty-four of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and

for purposes incidental thereto. {Road Traffic.)

51. An Act to provide for temporarily securing to producers

of milk, by means of payments out of moneys provided

by Parliament, a minimum return in respect of milk used

in the manufacture of milk products; for conditionally

requiring repayment to the Exchequer of the amount of

such payments; for making, out of moneys so provided,

payments for the purposes of improving the quality of the milk supply and increasing the demand for milk; for

regulating the manner in which milk is described for the

purposes of advertisement and sale; for imposing and

conferring certain duties and powers on boards administering milk marketing schemes; and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid. {Milk.)

52. An Act to make permanent certain temporary enactments

relating to the relief of the poor in Scotland; and to make

further provision with regard to such relief. {Poor Law

(Scotland).)

53. An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to County

Courts. {County Courts.)

54. An Act to provide for the establishment of a Cattle Fund;

for the making of payments and advances to the said

fund out of moneys provided by Parliament and out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; for the

making of payments out of the Cattle Fund to producers

of cattle in respect of the sale by them, during a limited

period, of certain cattle or carcases of certain cattle; for

the marking of imported cattle; for the appointment of a

Cattle Committee; and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid. {Cattle Industry {Emergency Provisions).)

Royal Assent, 16th November, 1934.

55. An Act to approve an agreement made on behalf of His

Majesty with the Sultan of Perak. {Dindings Agreement

(Approval).)

b

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

j Table of the Statutes.

56 . An Act to make better provision for the prevention and

punishment of endeavours to seduce members of His

Majesty’s forces from their duty or allegiance. (Incitement

to Disaffection.) •

57 . An Act to continue certain expiring laws. (Expiring Laws

Continuance.)

58 . An Act to amend the law with respect to betting on tracks

where sporting events take place, including the law with

respect to totalisators on horse racecourses; to authorise,

subject to restrictions, the establishment of totalisators

on dog racecourses; to prohibit betting on tracks with

young persons and pari mutuel betting except by authorised

totalisators; to amend the law with respect to lotteries

and certain prize competitions; and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid. (Betting and Lotteries.)

59 . An Act to amend the enactments relating to the relief of the poor in England and Wales so as to secure uniformity

throughout Great Britain in the provisions relating to the

disregarding of sick pay, maternity benefit, and wounds or

disability pensions. (Poor Law.)

1

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[24 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to make further provision with respect

to the financial powers of boards administering

schemes under the Agricultural Marketing Act,

1931, and with respect to the contents of such

schemes; to extend the power to make loans

to such boards under section thirteen of the said

Act; and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[21st December 1933.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (1) of section sixteen of the Agricultural Marketing Act, 1933, (which authorises the

payment of compensation under schemes) shall be

deemed to extend so as to enable a scheme to

provide for empowering the board, in such class of

cases as may be specified in the scheme, to pay

compensation to registered producers in respect of

any loss which, in the opinion of the board, has

been occasioned to such producers by the operation

of any scheme, whether administered by that board

or not.

2 . A scheme may provide for empowering the

board, subject to such limitations as may be specified in

the scheme, —

(a) to lend or grant money to any other board;

A '

Payment of

compensation to

producers

under

marketing

schemes.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c.31.

Power of

marketing

boards to

make loans

and grants

2 Ch. 1 . Agricultural Marketing (No. 2) 24 Geo. 5.

Act, 1933.

and to enter (6) to guarantee payment by any other board of

into guaran- any sums which that board may be liable to pay

tees - on account of principal or interest in respect

of any loan made to them;

and in that event may further provide for securing that

any loan, grant or guarantee not specifically authorised

by the scheme shall not be made or given by the board

except in pursuance of a resolution of the board specifying

all material particulars relating to the proposed transaction, being a resolution which has been previously

notified to, and approved by, the registered producers

in accordance with such requirements in that behalf as

may be contained in the scheme.

Application 3 . — (1)The board administering a scheme shall have

of loans and power to accept from any other person any grant to be

grants made applied for any of the purposes for which the board are

to market- empowered to expend money,

uig boards. x r J

(2) A scheme may provide for empowering the

board, in any case where a loan or grant is proposed to

be made to them, to agree with the person proposing to

make the loan or grant, as the case may be, and, in the

case of a loan, with any person proposing to guarantee

the repayment thereof, that if the loan or grant is duly

made or the guarantee duly given, the board will apply

the money obtained by them by means of the loan or

grant subject to such conditions (including conditions as

to the persons on whose advice the board is to act in

applying the said money) as may be specified in the

agreement.

(3) Where a scheme provides for empowering the

board to make any such agreement as aforesaid, the

scheme—

(a) shall impose upon the board the duty of carrying

into effect any such agreement entered into by

them; and

(b) may provide that where such an agreement

contains conditions requiring the board to act

on the advice of any specified persons, the

provisions of the scheme entitling a registered

producer who is aggrieved by any act or omission

of the board to refer the matter to arbitration

shall not apply in relation to anything done,

or omitted to be done, by the board in pursuance

of the agreement.

1933.

Agricultural Marketing [No. 2)

Act, 1933.

Ch. 1.

3

4 . — (1)The Minister may by order empower any

specified board to guarantee, subject to such limitations

and conditions as may be imposed by the order, the payment by any other specified board of any sums which the

last-mentioned board may be liable to pay on account

of principal or interest in respect of any loan made

to them within the period of one year from the

commencement of this Act, and the order may further

provide for securing that where, in pursuance of the

order, a guarantee is given in respect of a loan made

to a board, the money obtained by that board by means

of the loan shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act

or scheme, be applied by the board for such purpose,

and subject to such conditions (including conditions as to

the persons on whose advice the board is to act in applying

the said money), as may be specified in the order.

(2) An order under this section may make such

modifications in any scheme to which the order relates

as appear to the Minister to be necessary for giving

effect to the order.

5. For the purposes of section thirteen of the

principal Act (which enables short term loans to be made

out of the agricultural marketing funds constituted by

that Act) any expenses incurred by virtue of this Act by

the board administering a scheme (whether approved

before or after the commencement of this Act), being

expenses incurred within the period of one year from the

date on which the scheme came into force, shall be

deemed to be* expenses incurred in connection with the

initial working of the scheme.

6. —(1) Section five of the principal Act shall have

effect as if it were extended so as to enable a scheme to

provide for empowering the board—

(a) to buy from the board administering any corresponding scheme any product the marketing

of which is regulated by that scheme;

(b) to produce from anything bought by the board

under any provision contained in the scheme

by virtue of paragraph [a) of this subsection

any commodity which the board are authorised

to produce from the regulated product;

(c) to sell, grade, pack, store, adapt for sale, insure,

advertise and transport anything so bought as

Temporary

power of

Minister to

authorise

marketing

boards to

give

guarantees.

Amendment

of s. 13 of

21 & 22

Geo. 5.C.42.

Extension

of powers of

marketing

boards to

purchase

and deal

with

products.

4

Ch. 1.

Agricultural Marketing (No. 2) 24 Geo. 5.

Act, 1933.

aforesaid and any commodity produced; therefrom by the board;

(d) to exercise, as agents for the board administering

any corresponding scheme, any power of that

board to deal in any manner mentioned in

paragraph (c) of this subsection with any

product the marketing of which is regulated by

that scheme.

In this subsection the expression "corresponding

scheme " means, in relation to a scheme under the

principal Act, any other scheme under that Act or any

scheme under corresponding legislation enacted by the

Parliament of Northern Ireland, being in either case a

scheme for regulating the marketing of the same product

as the product the marketing of which is regulated by

the first-mentioned scheme.

(2) The Minister, at the request of the board administering any scheme submitted before the commencement of this Act, may, during the period of one year from

the commencement of this Act, make an order conferring

upon the board all or any of the powers which might, by

virtue of the foregoing subsection, be conferred on them

by the scheme.

Interpretation of

terms, and

revocation

of orders.

21 & 22.

Geo. 5. c. 42.

7.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to

say :—

" Scheme" means a. scheme under the principal

Act; and

" The principal Act" means the Agricultural

Marketing Act, 1931;

and any expression to which a meaning is assigned by

section eighteen of the principal Act has the same

meaning when used in this Act.

(2) Any order made under this Act by the Minister

may be revoked by a subsequent order made in like

manner.

Short title 8. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

and citation. Marketing (No. 2) Act, 1933, and shall be included

among the Acts which may be cited as the Agricultural

Marketing Acts, 1931 to 1933.

1933.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

Ch. 2.

5

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to empower His Majesty to issue Letters

Patent making provision with respect to the

administration of Newfoundland, to authorise

the making out of public moneys of advances

to the Government of Newfoundland and the

guaranteeing by the Treasury of stock to be

issued by that Government, and to amend the

Colonial Development Act, 1929, in its application to Newfoundland.

[21st December 1933.]

WHEREAS an Address has been presented to His

Majesty by the Legislative Council and House of

Assembly of Newfoundland in the terms set forth in

the First Schedule to this Act:

And whereas the Governor, the Legislative Council

and House of Assembly of Newfoundland have passed

an Act entitled the Loan Act, 1933, which Act is in this Act referred to as " the Loan Act, " and is set out in the

Second Schedule to this Act:

Now, therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty by Power to

any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm issue Letters

to make provision for the suspension of the operation Patent

of the existing Letters Patent dated the twenty- ^)ro !? ding

eighth day of March, eighteen hundred and seventy-six, aj^irdstra-

constituting the office of Governor of Newfoundland, and tion of

of the existing Letters Patent dated the seventeenth day Newfound-

of July, nineteen hundred and five, regarding the absence land, and

of the Governor, and to make provision for the adminis- j^° t vlsl0n

tration of Newfoundland during the period while the revocation

operation of the existing Letters Patent is suspended anc i amend-

on the basis of the recommendations of the Royal ment

Commission referred to in the said Address. thereof.

(2) Any Letters Patent issued under the foregoing

subsection may contain a provision reserving power to

6

Ch. 2.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

24 Geo. 5.

His Majesty to revoke or amend those Letters Patent,

but before the passing of any further Letters Patent

terminating the suspension of the operation of the

existing Letters Patent or making any such altered

provision for the administration of Newfoundland during

the period while the operation of the existing Letters

Patent is suspended as would empower the Governor

to act in the administration of Newfoundland otherwise

than on the advice of a Commission of Government constituted in accordance with the said recommendations,

a draft of the further Letters Patent shall be laid before

each House of Parliament for a period of twenty-one days

during the Session of Parliament and, if an Address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament against any of the provisions contained in the

draft, no further proceedings shall be taken on the draft,

without prejudice to the making of a new draft:

Provided that in reckoning any such period of

twenty-one days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken

of any time during which both Houses of Parliament are

adjourned for more than four days.

Power of

Secretary of

State to

make ad- *

vances to

Newfoundland.

2.—(1) So long as the administration of Newfoundland is vested in the Governor acting on the advice of a

Commission of Government constituted in accordance

with the said recommendations, the Secretary of State

shall have power, with the approval of the Treasury, to

make, out of moneys provided by Parliament, advances

to the Government of Newfoundland for any of the

purposes of the administration of Newfoundland, including the defraying of the expenses of the public

services and the service of the public debt.

(2) An advance under this section shall not be made

except where it appears to the Treasury and the Secretary

of State, as respects any financial year of Newfoundland,

to be probable that the revenues of Newfoundland for

that year will, after provision has been made for such

working balance as the Treasury may consider adequate,

fall short of the amount required to meet any liabilities

incurred for the purposes aforesaid which fall to be

discharged in that year, and the advance made shall not

exceed the estimated amount of the deficiency.

(3) An advance made under this section within the

period commencing on the date of the passing of this Act and ending on the thirty-first day of December,

1933.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

Ch. 2.

7

nineteen hundred and thirty-six, shall be made by way

of grant, and any such advance made thereafter shall

be made either by way of grant or of loan, and on such

terms and subject to such conditions, as the Treasury

may determine.

3. — (1) The Treasury may, for the purposes of any

issue of stock by the Government of Newfoundland

under the provisions of section two of the Loan Act,

guarantee, in such manner and on such conditions as

they think fit, the payment of the principal of, and the

interest on, the said stock, and the payments to be made

to the sinking fund to be established under the Loan

Act.

(2) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling

any guarantee given under this section shall be charged on

and issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing

produce thereof, and any sums received in repayment

of any sum so issued shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) As soon as may be after any guarantee is given

under this section, or any sums are issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the purpose of any such guarantee,

the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee or an

account of the sums issued, as the case may be, before

both Houses of Parliament.

4. — (1) The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, by way of

temporary advance to the Government of Newfoundland,

any sums which that Government has power to borrow

temporarily under the provisions of subsection (4) of

section two of the Loan Act.

(2) Every such advance shall bear interest at such

rate as the Treasury may fix.

5. In the application to Newfoundland of the provisions of the Colonial Development Act, 1929, that Act

shall have effect as if the words "for the Colonies " in

subsection (1) of section one thereof had been omitted.

6. This Act may be cited as the Newfoundland

Act, 1933.

Guarantee

of certain

securities

of Newfoundland.

Power of

Treasury to

make temporary

advances to

Newfoundland.

Amendment

of Colonial

Development

Act, 1929,

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c. 6.

Short title.

8

Ch. 2.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

24 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Address presented to His Majesty by the Legislative Council and House of Assembly of

Newfoundland.

To the King’s Most Excellent Majesty:

Most Gracious Sovereign:

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

Legislative Council and Assembly of Newfoundland, humbly

approach Your Majesty praying that—

Whereas in the present emergency Your Majesty’s Island of

Newfoundland is unable from its own resources to defray the

interest charges on the public debt:

And whereas the Royal Commission appointed by Your

Majesty’s Warrant bearing the date the seventeenth day of

February, 1933, to examine into the future of Newfoundland has

recommended that for the time being, until such time as the

Island may become self-supporting again, the administration of the Island should be vested in His Excellency the Governor

acting on the advice of a specially created Commission of Government and that during such period Your Majesty’s Government in

the United Kingdom should assume general responsibility for the

finances of Newfoundland and should, in particular, make such

arrangements as may be deemed just and practicable with a view

to securing to Newfoundland a reduction in the present burden

of public debt:

And whereas Your Majesty’s Government in the United

Kingdom have signified their readiness subject to the approval

of Parliament to accept the recommendations of the Royal

Commission and have made detailed proposals for carrying those

recommendations into effect:

Now, therefore, Your Majesty may be graciously pleased to

suspend the Letters Patent under the Great Seal bearing the date

at Westminster the Twenty-eighth day of March, 1876, and

Letters Patent under the Great Seal bearing the date at Westminster the Seventeenth day of July, 1905, and to issue new

Letters Patent which would provide for the administration of the

Island, until such time as it may become self-supporting again,

on the basis of the recommendations which are contained in the

1933.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

Ch. 2.

9

Report of the Royal Commission and of which a summary is set

out in the Annex hereto:

And further that Your Majesty may be graciously pleased

to cause to be laid before the Parliament of the United Kingdom

at its present Session such a measure as may enable them to be

given immediate effect.

Annex.

Extract from Report of Royax, Commission appointed by

His Majesty’s Warrant bearing date the seventeenth day of February, nineteen hundred and

thirty-three .

We therefore recommend that the Newfoundland Government, recognising that it is impossible for the Island to surmount

unaided the unprecedented difficulties that now confront it, should

make an immediate appeal for the sympathetic co-operation of

Your Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom in the

adoption and execution of a joint plan of reconstruction, of

which the following would be the main features :—

(a) The existing form of government would be suspended

until such time as the Island may become self-supporting

again.

(b) A special Commission of Government would be created

which would be presided over by His Excellency the

Governor, would be vested with full legislative and

executive authority, and would take the place of the

existing Legislature and Executive Council.

(c) The Commission of Government would be composed of

six members, exclusive of the Governor, three of whom

would be drawn from Newfoundland and three from

the United Kingdom.

(d) The Government Departments in the Island would be

divided into six groups. Each group would be placed

in the charge of a Member of the Commission of Government, who would be responsible for the efficient working

of the Departments in the group, and the Commission

would be collectively responsible for the several Departments.

(e) The proceedings of the Commission of Government

would be subject to supervisory control by Your

Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, and the

Governor-in-Commission would be responsible to the

Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs in the United

Kingdom for the good government of the Island.

(f) Your Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom

would, for their part, assume general responsibility for

the finances of the Island until such time as it may

1 st Sch.

— card.

10

Ch. 2.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

24 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— amt.

Date of

coining into

operation of

provisions of this Act.

Power to

issue Stock,

.and charge

thereof on

revenue and

assets of

Newfoundland. Power

to borrow

temporarily

pending

issue.

become self-supporting again, and would, in particular,

make such arrangements as may be deemed just and

practicable with a view to securing to Newfoundland a

reduction in the present burden of the public debt.

(: g) It would be understood that, as soon as the Island’s

difficulties are overcome and the country is again self-

supporting, responsible government, on request from the

people of Newfoundland, would be restored.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Act op the Legislature of Newfoundland entitled

the Loan Act, 1933.

Be it enacted by the Governor, the Legislative Council and

House of Assembly, in Legislative Session convened, as

follows:—

1. The provisions of this Act shall, except as otherwise

expressly provided in this Act, come into operation on the date

of the commencement of any Act of the Parliament of the United

Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland authorising the

Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in the said United

Kingdom (in this Act referred to as " the Treasury ") to give a

guarantee in respect of the Stock the issue of which is authorised

by the next succeeding section of this Act.

2. —(1) The Governor in Council shall have power to issue on

the credit of Newfoundland at such time or times as he thinks

fit, such an amount of Stock in pounds sterling (in this Act referred

to as " the Stock ") as is required for the purposes'—

(a) of giving to holders of any of the securities specified in

the First Schedule to this Act (in this Act referred to

as " the deferred securities ") the option to surrender

the securities held by them in exchange for a nominal

amount of the Stock equivalent to the nominal amount

of surrendered securities on the basis of one pound of

Stock for every one pound sterling or four dollars and

eighty-six and two-thirds hundredths of dollars of

surrendered securities;

(b) of giving, in the case of any of the obligations of Newfoundland (other than those represented by deferred

securities) selected by the Governor in Council for the

pin-poses of this paragraph with the concurrence of the

1933.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

Ch. 2.

11

Treasury, the option to holders of any securities held in

respect of such obligation to surrender all or any of

such securities held by them in exchange for such

nominal amount of Stock as he may determine;

(c) of raising sufficient money to discharge any of the

obligations of Newfoundland (other than those represented by deferred securities) selected by the Governor

in Council for the purposes of this paragraph with the

concurrence of the Treasury;

(d) of raising sufficient money to defray the expenses of and

incidental to the issue of Stock and the effecting of any

such exchange or repayment as aforesaid.

(2) The principal moneys and interest secured by Stock

and the payments to be made to the Sinking Fund to be

established under this Act, shall be chargeable upon, and payable

out of, the revenue and assets of Newfoundland, with priority,

except as otherwise expressly provided in this Act, over any

charges thereon not existing at the date of the passing of this Act.

(3) If at any time after the thirty-first December, 1936,

any sum is paid by the Treasury on account of any guarantee in

respect of the Stock given by the Treasury, such sum, together

with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may fix, shall

be treated as an advance made to Newfoundland on such terms

as the Treasury may determine, and shall be a charge on the

revenues and assets of Newfoundland, with priority immediately

after the charges created by the last preceding subsection.

(4) The Governor in Council may, in advance of the issue of the stock, borrow temporarily on the security of the revenue

and assets of Newfoundland, for any of the purposes specified

in paragraphs (c) and (d) of subsection (1) of this Section, any

sums not exceeding in the aggregate two million five hundred

thousand pounds.

Sums borrowed under this subsection shall carry interest at

such rate as the Governor in Council may determine, and shall be

repaid within six months after the date of the borrowing by

the means of an issue of the Stock.

3.—(1) The Stock shall carry interest at a rate not exceeding

three per cent, per annum, payable half-yearly.

(2) The Stock shall be redeemable in whole or in part by

drawings or otherwise, at par at the option of the Governor

in Council at any time on or after the first day of July, 1943,

and, so far as not previously redeemed, shall be repayable at par

at such date, not being later than the first day of July, 1963,

as may be specified in that behalf by the Governor in Council

on the first issue of any of the Stock.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Conditions

of issue of

Stock,

Sinking

Fund and

management.

12

Ch. 2.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

24 Geo. 5.

2 nd Sch. (3) A Sinking Fund, equivalents one per cent, per annum of

— c°nt. the total nominal amount of Stock shall be established under the

control of Trustees to be appointed by, or with the approval of,

the Treasury.

The first payment to the Fund shall be made at a date to

be approved by the Treasury, not being later than the first day

of July, 1938, and the Sinking Fund moneys and the income

arising therefrom shall, subject to payment thereout of the

expenses of management of the Fund, be applied in purchase of

Stock, or be invested in such other securities as may, from time

to time, be approved by the Treasury.

(4) Where any Stock is the property of a person not

domiciled or resident in Newfoundland, that Stock and the

interest thereon shall be exempt from any present or future

taxes imposed by Newfoundland, including any Newfoundland

Income Tax.

(5) The Stock shall be issued by the Bank of England (hereinafter referred to as " the Bank ") and the Bank shall have the

management of the Stock upon such terms as to remuneration as

may be approved by the Treasury.

4.'—(1) The Governor in Council shall have power, subject

to the provisions of this Act, '—

(a) to determine the conditions of the issue of Stock, including

the rate of interest thereon;

(6) to determine the conditions upon which any option of

exchange is to be given under this Act, including the

determination of the date as from which interest on the

Stock to be taken in exchange is to accrue, not being a

date earlier than the first day of July, 1933;

(c) to regulate the commencement, management and application of the Sinking Fund to be established under this Act.

(2) The Bank shall have power, subject to the provisions of this Act and with the approval of the Governor in Council, to

regulate the mode of issue and management of the Stock, with

power in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, to regulate the manner in which the Stock

may be transferred, the issue of Stock Certificates to bearers, and

the manner of payment of interest and of moneys payable on

redemption or repayment, and to apply the general practice of the Bank to the matters aforesaid and to any other matters

arising in giving effect to the provisions of this Act.

Power of

Governor in

Council and

of Bank with

respect to

issue and

management

of Stock, to

option and

to Sinking

Fund.

Postponement of

certain

securities.

5. No payment of any interest on, or of any principal of,

the deferred securities shall be made, and no interest shall accrue

thereon, —

(a) during the period commencing with the first day of July,

1933, and ending on the 31st day of March, 1934; or

1933. Newfoundland Act, 1933. Ch. 2.

t

(b) at any time in any financial year of the said United

Kingdom, if before the first day of January in that

financial year an estimate is laid before the Commons

House of Parliament of the said United Kingdom

providing for the making of an advance to Newfoundland,

whether by way of grant or of loan; or

(c) so long as there exists any liability of Newfoundland to

the said United Kingdom arising from the making by

the Treasury of any payment on account of a guarantee

given by the Treasury in respect of any securities of

Newfoundland or from the making by the said United

Kingdom of any advance by way of loan to Newfoundland.

6. The charge on the revenues and assets of Newfoundland Priority of

in respect of — certain

securit'ea.

(a) any of the securities specified in the Second Schedule to

this Act; or

(b) any securities (other than Stock) issued for purpose of

raising money to be applied in repayment of, or for the

purpose of being offered for, any of last mentioned

securities on maturity thereof;

shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) or subsection (3)

of Section two of this Act, have effect in priority to any charge

on those revenues and assets in respect of—

(i) the Stock; or

(ii) any liability of Newfoundland to the said United Kingdom arising from the making by the Treasury of any

payment on account of a guarantee given by the

Treasury in respect of any securities of Newfoundland;

or

(iii) the Deferred Securities; or

(iv) any other obligation of Newfoundland (not being an

obligation represented by securities issued for either of the purposes mentioned in paragraph (6) of this Section)

whether existing or future;

and accordingly if any payment of any sum in respect of which

a charge having priority under this Section exists is not made on

due date, no payment of any sum in respect of which a charge

postponed under this Section exists shall be made until the first

mentioned sum has been paid or tendered.

13

2 nd

— ci? n l.

7. This Act may be cited as the Loan Act, 1933.

[Short Title.]

14

Ch. 2, 3.

Newfoundland Act, 1933.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

24 Geo. 5.

The Deferred Securities.

4 per cent. Inscribed Stock (1938);

3| per cent. Sterling Bond (1941);

3|- per cent. Sterling Bond (1947);

3 Jr per cent. Sterling Bond (1948);

3Jr per cent. Sterling Bond (1953);

3-| per cent. Sterling Bond (1954);

4 per cent. Consolidated Stock (1936);

3 per cent. Sterling Bond (1947);

3J per cent. Sterling Bond (1951);

and all bonds of the Newfoundland Government which confer

on holders the option of payment either in sterling or in

dollars at par of exchange (that is at $4‘86| to £1) or at any

rate equivalent thereto.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

The Trustee Securities.

3£ per cent. Inscribed Stock (1945);

per cent. Inscribed Stock (1950);

31 per cent. Inscribed Stock (1952);

6 per cent. Inscribed Stock (1943).

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending

on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand

nine hundred and thirty-three, one thousand

nine hundred and thirty-four and one thousand

nine hundred and thirty-five.

[28th March 1934.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

1933.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 3.

15

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto

Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do

therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it

may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-three and one thousand

nine hundred and thirty-four, the sum of two million

three hundred and twenty thousand five hundred and

thirty-three pounds fifteen shillings and sevenpence.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-five, the sum of two

hundred and six million six hundred and nine thousand

seven hundred pounds.

3. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and

eight million nine hundred and thirty thousand two

hundred and thirty-three pounds fifteen shillings and

sevenpence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued

under this section shall be a date not later than the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty-five, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act,

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing

produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which

the money was borrowed.

Issue of

2, 320, 5332.

15s. Id. out of the Consolidated Fund

for the service

of the years

ending

31st March

1933 and 1934.

Issue of

206, 609, 7002.

out of the

Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the

year ending

31st March

1935.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

16

, Ch. 3, 4.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Preference

for home

produced

light oils.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge

for the National Debt.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide for a preference in respect of

light hydrocarbon oils manufactured in the

United Kingdom from coal, shale, or peat,

indigenous to the United Kingdom or from

products produced from those substances; and

to provide for the collection of information as

to the production of such oils.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) While this Act is in operation the preference

in respect of light hydrocarbon oils manufactured in the

United Kingdom from coal, shale, or peat, indigenous to

the United Kingdom or from products produced from

those substances (hereinafter referred to as " home

produced light oils ") shall not be less than fourpence

per gallon.

(2) In this Act—

the expression "preference " means—

(a) so long as no excise duty is payable

in respect of home produced light oils, the

amount of the customs duty payable in the

United Kingdom on light hydrocarbon oils;

1934.

British Hydrocarbon

Oils Production Act, 1934.

Ch. 4.

17

(b) if while this Act is in operation any

such excise duty is payable, the difference

between the duty so payable and the

customs duty payable as aforesaid; and

the expression "light hydrocarbon oils]" means

hydrocarbon oils as defined by subsection (9)

of section two of the Finance Act, 1928, being

light oils within the meaning of subsection (3)

of that section.

2. —(1) It shall be the duty of all persons engaged

in the manufacture of home produced light oils to

furnish to the Board of Trade, in such manner and

form as the Board may direct, such particulars,

statistics, and other information, with respect to the

quantities of such oils produced and the types and

quantities of the materials from which they are

produced, as the Board may at any time require; and

if any person fails to comply with any requirement of the Board made under this section, he shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds and to a further fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for every day on which the failure occurs

or continues.

(2) No information furnished to the Board under

this section may be published in such a form as to

disclose information in regard to a particular undertaking unless the owner of the undertaking consents to

the publication thereof.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the British Hydrocarbon Oils Production Act, 1934.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, this Act shall

continue in operation for a period expiring on the thirty-

first day of March nineteen hundred and forty-four:

Provided that as soon as may be after the thirtieth

day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-five and

after the end of every subsequent half-year the Treasury

shall compute in pence to three places of decimals the

average rate throughout the preceding half-year of the

preference extended to home produced light oils in that

half-year, and if that rate has exceeded fourpence per

gallon shall by order reduce the said period by forty-six

B

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 17.

Information

to be furnished to

the Board

of Trade.

Short title

and duration.

18 Ch. 4, 5. British Hydrocarbon 24 Geo. 5.

Oils Production Act, 1934.

days for each penny of the excess, and at the same rate

for any fraction of a penny so computed as aforesaid;

so, however, that this Act shall continue in operation

until it is certified by the Treasury that the preference

thereby provided for has been equivalent to fourpence

per gallon for nine years, and shall expire upon such a

certificate being given.

Annual

training of

airman

pilots and

airman

observers of the air

force

reserve.

7 & 8

Geo. 5. c. 51.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 48.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to extend the maximum period of annual

training in the case of men of the air force

reserve who are serving as pilots or observers,

or are qualifying for service as such.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The power of His Majesty under section six

of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, to apply by

Order in Council to the air force reserve, or to the

officers and men thereof, any of the enactments relating

to the army reserve, or to the officers and men thereof,

shall be extended so as to include power so to apply any

of those enactments with such modifications as may be

necessary to provide that, notwithstanding anything in

subsection (1) of section eleven of the Reserve Forces

Act, 1882, the period or periods for which men of the

air force reserve who are serving therein as qualified

pilots or qualified observers, or are under instruction

with a view to qualifying for service as such, may be

called out for training shall be such period or periods

as may be prescribed, not exceeding in any one year—

(i) in the case of a man who is serving as a qualified

pilot or as a qualified observer, twenty-four

days; and

(ii) in the case of a man who is undergoing instruction with a view to his qualifying for service as

a pilot or as an observer, six months:

1934.

Air Force Reserve

(Pilots and Observers) Act, 1934.

Ch. 5, 6.

19

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any

man who was in the air force reserve at the date of the

passing of this Act or any man who was in the regular

air force at that date and has subsequently been transferred to the air force reserve, unless in either case he

agrees in writing to accept the obligations imposed by

this section in lieu of the obligations originally undertaken

by him.

(2) In this section the expression "prescribed "

means prescribed by orders or regulations made under

the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, as so applied as aforesaid,

and the expression "qualified" means qualified in

accordance with orders or regulations so made.

2. This Act may be cited as the Air Force Reserve

(Pilots and Observers) Act, 1934.

CHAPTER* 6.

An Act to amend and make permanent the

Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act, 1920.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act, 1920 (in

this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") shall, as

amended by this Act, become a permanent Act, and

accordingly subsection (1) of section five of the principal

Act and the reference to the principal Act in the Expiring

Laws Continuance Act, 1933, are hereby repealed.

2. In subsection (1) of section one of the principal

Act, for the words "all synthetic organic dyestuffs,

" colours and colouring matters, and all organic inter-

" mediate products used in the manufacture of any such

" dyestuffs, colours or colouring matters " there shall be

substituted the following words :—

" (a) synthetic organic dyestuffs (including pigment

" dyestuffs), whether soluble or insoluble;

Short title.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 77.

as amended,

to be a

permanent

Act.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c. 48.

Amended

description

of goods

prohibited

to be

imported.

20

Ch. 6.

Dyestuffs (Import

Regulation) Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

" (6) compounds, preparations and articles manu-

" factured from any such dyestuffs, except any

" such compounds, preparations and articles as

" are not suitable for use in dyeing; and

" (c) organic intermediate products used in the

" manufacture of any such dyestuffs."

Constitution 3. For subsection (6) of section two of the principal

of com- Act, there shall be substituted the following subsections—

mittees.

" (6) For the purpose of advising the Board

with respect to the efficient and economical

development of the dye-making industry, there

shall be constituted a committee consisting of the

members for the time being of the committee

constituted under subsection (3) of this section,

together with persons, to be appointed by the

Board, representing—

(a) the textile industry;

(b) the heavy chemical industry;

(c) chemical science; and

(d) any Government Department which

appears to the Board to be specially

concerned with such development.

(7) The person who is the chairman of the

committee constituted under subsection (3) of this section shall be the chairman of the committee constituted under the last foregoing

subsection.

(8) A person to be appointed as aforesaid

as representating chemical science must be

a person recommended by the Committee of the Privy Council for Scientific and Industrial

Research.

(9) A person appointed a member of the

committee constituted under subsection (3) or

a member of the committee constituted under

subsection (6) of this section shall hold office

for such period, not being more than three years

from the date of his appointment, as may be

determined by the Board at the time of his

appointment, but shall be eligible for reappointment on the expiration of that period."

1934.

Dyestuffs (Import

Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 6.

21

4. After section two of the principal Act, the Provision

following section shall he inserted, that is to say— as to

" 3.—(1) Where a representation is made tionsTothe

to the Import Duties Advisory Committee by any Import

persons appearing to them to be, or to be repre- Duties

sentative of, consumers in substantial quantities of Advisory

any of the goods specified in section one of this Committee -

Act, that the interests of consumers of those goods

are unduly prejudiced by the prices charged or

sought to be charged therefor, it shall be the duty of the Import Duties Advisory Committee to consider

the representation and to make a report thereon

to the Board of Trade, and the Board shall, as

soon as may be after receipt by them of a report

made to them under this subsection, lay the

report before both Houses of Parliament.

(2) The Import Duties Advisory Committee

may for the purposes of this section exercise any

powers conferred on them by the Import Duties 22 & 23

Act, 1932, for the purposes of that Act." Geo - 5 - c - 8 -

5. Where by this Act any enactments or words are Provision

directed to be added to, or to be substituted for any as to

other enactments or words in, the principal Act, or any printing,

enactment in the principal Act is repealed, copies of the

principal Act printed under the authority of His Majesty’s

Stationery Office after the direction takes effect may

be printed with those enactments or words added or

substituted as aforesaid, and with the repealed enactment omitted, as the direction requires, and with

sections and subsections numbered in accordance with

the direction and with any consequential renumbering of sections and subsections, and the principal

Act shall be construed as if it had, at the time at which

the direction takes effect, been enacted with such addition,

substitution or omission.

6. This Act may be cited as the Dyestuffs (Import Short title.

Regulation) Act, 1934, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Dyestuffs (Import

Regulation) Acts, 1920 to 1934.

22

Ch. 7.

Rural Water Supplies

Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

Government

contributions

towards

expenses of

local

authorities

for rural

water

supply.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to empower the Minister of Health and the

Department of Health for Scotland to make

contributions towards expenses to be incurred

by local authorities in providing or improving

supplies of water in rural localities.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to such conditions as the Treasury

may determine, the Minister of Health (in this Act

referred to as " the Minister ") may, in any case in

which it appears to him to be desirable so to do, undertake to make a contribution towards the expenses to

be incurred by a local authority in providing a supply,

or in improving an existing supply, of water in a rural

locality.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding

subsection, an undertaking under this section shall

provide for the making of the contribution in the form

of a lump sum, payable either as a whole on the completion of the works to be executed or of the transaction

to be effected for the purposes of the supply, or, in the

case of the execution of works, in instalments on the

completion of parts of the works.

(3) Where the expenses to be incurred by the local

authority are expenses in respect of liabilities arising

from time to time under a lease or a hiring agreement

or a contract for the supply of water, an undertaking

under this section may provide for the making of the

contribution in the form of sums payable from time to

time, within any period not exceeding twenty years from

the date of the undertaking.

(4) The Minister may withhold, or reduce the

amount of, a contribution which he has undertaken to

make towards the expenses to be incurred by a local

1934.

Rural Water Supplies

Act, 1934.

Ch. 7.

23

authority in respect of any works or transaction, if it

appears to him either—

(a) that any of the works have been executed in an

unsatisfactory manner; or

(b) that the effectiveness of any of the works is

substantially less than as estimated in the proposals submitted to him by the local authority,

and that the difference is due to any default,

for which the local authority is responsible, in

the formulation of the proposals; or

(c) that there has been any default in the carrying

out of the transaction.

(5) Any contributions made by the Minister under

this section shall he defrayed out of moneys provided

by Parliament, and shall not, in the aggregate, exceed

one million pounds.

2. Local authorities, for the purposes of this Act,

shall be—

(a) the council of any borough or urban or rural

district;

(b) the council of a county which is for the time

being exercising the functions relating to water

supply of any such council as aforesaid by

virtue of a resolution under section sixteen of the Local Government Act, 1894, or of an

agreement made under subsection (2), or of an

order made under paragraph (6) of subsection

(3), of section fifty-seven of the Local

Government Act, 1929;

(c) a joint board, or joint committee, constituted

under the Public Health Act, 1875, or under a

local Act, for the purposes of the provision of

a common water supply.

3. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the

following modifications, that is to say—

(a) references to the Minister of Health shall be

construed a3 references to the Department of

Health for Scotland;

(6) local authorities, for the purposes of this Act,

shall be, —

(i) the council of any burgh or county;

(ii) a combination of any such councils.

Local

authorities

for the

purposes of this Act.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 73.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 17.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 55.

Application

to Scotland.

24

Ch. 7, 8 .

Rural Water Supplies

Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 38.

Short title

and extent.

Extension

of duration,

and reduction of

limit, of

abatements.

22 & 23

Geo/5.'c. 7.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c.7.

whether constituted under the Public Health

(Scotland) Act, 1897, or otherwise, for the

purposes of the provision of a common water

supply;

(iii) any board or any trustees or other body

constituted under a local Act for the purposes

of the provision of a water supply;

(c) the aggregate amount of any contributions made

by the Department of Health for Scotland under

section one of this Act shall not exceed one

hundred and thirty-seven thousand five hundred

pounds.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Rural Water

Supplies Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to extend the period in respect of which

abatements from pay may be made under the

Indian Pay (Temporary Abatements) Act, 1931,

subject to a reduction in the percentage to

which such abatements are limited.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period in respect of which abatements from

pay may be made under the Indian Pay (Temporary

Abatements) Act, 1931, shall be extended so as to expire

on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

thirty-five, and accordingly proviso (a) to subsection (1)

of section one of that Act, as amended by the Indian

Pay (Temporary Abatements) Act, 1933, shall be further

amended by substituting for the words "thirty-first day

1934. Indian Pay Ch. 8, 9. 25

(Temporary Abatements) Act, 1934.

of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-four" the words

" thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-

five ":

Provided that no abatement exceeding five per cent,

shall be made under the said Act from any pay in so far

as it is payable in respect of any period after the thirty-

first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-three.

2. This Act may be cited as the Indian Pay Short title,

(Temporary Abatements) Act, 1934, and shall be construction

construed as one with the Indian Pay (Temporary and Citation -

Abatements) Acts, 1931 and 1933, and those Acts and

this Act may be cited together as the Indian Pay

(Temporary Abatements) Acts, 1931 to 1934.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend section twenty of the Mining

Industry Act, 1920, and the enactments amending

that section.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period during which payments are to be Continu-

made to the fund constituted under the principal section ance of pay.

(hereafter referred to as "the fund") shall be ex- roents to

tended by sixteen years, and accordingly that section 16 un '

(as amended by the Mining Industry (Welfare Fund) 21 & 22

Act, 1931) shall have effect as if in subsection (2) thereof Gco - 5 c - 2 L

for the words "fifteen years " there were substituted the

words " thirty-one years."

2.—(1) The sum payable into the fund under the Reduction

principal section as respects the output of any coal mine of sums

during the year nineteen hundred and thirty-two and f^d'and* 0

subsequent years shall be a sum equal to one halfpenny recovery

a ton (instead of one penny a ton) of the output of the thereof,

mine.

26

Ch. 9.

Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

(2) Where any person has paid into the fund as

respects the output of a mine during the year nineteen

hundred and thirty-two an amount in excess of the sum

payable under this section, he shall be entitled to deduct

the amount so paid in excess from the sum (if any)

payable by him as respects the output of that or any

other mine during the year nineteen hundred and thirty-

three, or, if no sum is so payable or if the said amount

exceeds the sum so payable, he shall be entitled to

be repaid the said amount or the amount by which it

exceeds the sum so payable, as the case may be, out of the fund.

(3) Proceedings by the Board of Trade for the

summary recovery as a civil debt of any sum payable

into the fund as respects the output of a mine during the

year nineteen hundred and thirty-two may, notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, be commenced

at any time before the expiration of three months from

the commencement of this Act.

(4) The sum payable into the fund under the principal

section as respects the output of a coal mine during any

calendar year shall be and shall be deemed always to

have been, payable by the person being the owner of the mine at the end of that year:

Provided that in a case where different persons

have been owners of the mine for different parts of the

year, the Board of Trade shall have, and shall be deemed

always to have had, power to apportion the said sum

among those persons according to the output of the mine

during the part of the year for which they were owners

thereof, and the amount so apportioned to any person

shall be payable by him accordingly.

Purposes for 3. — (1) The purposes for which the proceeds of the

which fund royalties welfare levy are required to be appropriated

to be under section seventeen of the Mining Industry Act, 1926,

applied. shall include the provision of such accommodation and

16 & 17 facilities for workers in or about coal mines as the Miners

Geo. 6. e. 28. Welfare Committee think can be conveniently and

properly combined with accommodation and facilities

for taking baths and drying clothes.

(2) Until the Board of Trade otherwise direct, the

Miners Welfare Committee shall appropriate (in priority

to any other payments) out of the sums paid into the fund

under subsection (2) of the principal section as respects

1934.

Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1934.

Ch. 9.

27

the output of coal mines during any calendar year,

commencing with the year nineteen hundred and

thirty-four—

(a) for the purposes for which the proceeds of the

royalties welfare levy are required to be appropriated, such sum as will, together -with the

proceeds of the said levy for the financial year

ending next after the end of that calendar year,

amount to three hundred and seventy-five

thousand pounds; and

(b) for the purpose of promoting research into

methods of improving the health and safety

of workers in or about coal mines, the sum of

twenty thousand pounds;

and notwithstanding anything in the proviso to subsection (3) of the principal section no part of the sums

appropriated by virtue of this subsection shall be

required to be allocated for the benefit of any particular

district.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall affect

the power of the Miners’ Welfare Committee to apply for

the purposes therein mentioned any other sums paid into

the said fund, but, where there is established for any

district a committee or body which appears to the Board

of Trade to represent the interests of the owners of, and

workers in and about, coal mines in that district, no sums

required by the said proviso to be allocated for the

benefit of that district shall be applied for those purposes,

except with the approval in writing of that committee

or body.

(4) For the purpose of subsection (1) of the principal

section (which provides that the fund may be applied

for purposes connected with the social well-being, recreation and conditions of living of workers in or about coal

mines), the expression "workers in or about coal mines "

shall include, and shall be deemed always to have

included—

(a) persons who have ceased to be employed as such

workers by reason of age or disability; and

(b) persons who, having ceased to be employed as

aforesaid for any reason, have not subsequently

changed their occupation; and

(c) the dependants of such workers and of such

persons as aforesaid,

28

Ch. 9, 10

Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

Short, title,

citation, interpretation

and extent.

10 & J1

Geo. 5. c. 50.

and the purposes for which the fund may be applied shall

include, and shall be deemed always to have included,

the education of such workers and of such persons as

are mentioned in paragraphs (6) and (c) of this subsection

but shall not include the payment to any persons of

pensions or other similar payments, not being payments

by way of temporary assistance.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1934, and this Act and the Mining

Industry Acts, 1920 to 1931, may be cited together as

the Mining Industry Acts, 1920 to 1934.

(2) In this Act—

(a) the expression "the principal section " means

. section twenty of the Mining Industry Act,

1920, as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act;

(b) the expression "the Miners Welfare Committee"

means the committee constituted under the

principal section;

(c) the expressions " output " and " owner " have

the same meanings as in the principal section.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to provide financial facilities in connection

with the construction of large vessels for the

North Atlantic shipping trade, and in connection with the merger of certain shipping

companies in respect of their interests in that

trade; and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[28th March 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Treasury may from time to time on

such terms as they think fit advance out of the Con-

Power to

Treasury

1934. North Atlantic Shipping Ch. 10. 29

Act, 1934.

solidated Fund or the growing produce thereof to the to make

Cunard Steam Ship Company Limited, or to any company advances

(hereinafter referred to as the "merger company") to certain

formed to take over the interests of that company in the com P anies -

North Atlantic shipping trade and all or any of the

interests in that trade belonging or formerly belonging

to the Oceanic Steam Navigation Company Limited, such

sums, not exceeding in all nine million five hundred

thousand pounds, as it may appear to the Treasury, after

consultation with the Board of Trade, to he expedient

to advance for the purposes of constructing one or

more large vessels for the North Atlantic shipping

trade, and of providing working capital for the merger

company.

(2) For the purpose of providing for the issue of sums

out of the Consolidated Fund under the last foregoing

subsection or for the repayment to that fund of all or

any part of any sum so issued, the Treasury may raise

money in any manner in which they are authorised to

raise money under and for the purpose of subsection (1) of

section one of the War Loan Act, 1919, and any securities 9 & 10

created and issued to raise money under this subsection Geo. 5. c. 37.

shall for all purposes be deemed to have been created and

issued under the said subsection (1).

(3) All sums received by way of interest on advances

made under subsection (1) of this section shall be paid

into the Exchequer, and all sums received in repayment

of such advances shall be applied, in such manner as the

Treasury may direct, to the redemption of debt.

2. —(1) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable and Exemption

shall be deemed not to have been chargeable on any from stamp

agreement, whether made before or after the passing ‘ lut y aud

of this Act, as to the terms on which any such advance tees '

as is mentioned in the last foregoing section is to be

made, or on any instrument executed or given for the

purpose of carrying out any provision of any such agreement, nor shall any fees be payable under section three

of the Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 61 & 62Viet.

1898, in respect of the mortgage of any ship or the transfer c. 44.

of the mortgage of any ship, being a mortgage or transfer

effected for the purpose of carrying out any such

agreement.

(2) Stamp duty shall not be payable under section

one hundred and twelve of the Stamp Act, 1891 (which 54 & 55 Vict.

c. 39.

30

Ch. 10, 11.

North Atlantic Shipping

Act, 1934.

24 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to Cuna rd

(Insurance)

Agreement

Act, 1930.

21 & 22

Geo. 5. c. 2.

Short title.

imposes duties on the capital of limited liability companies) on the statement of the amount which is to

form the nominal share capital of the merger company.

3. — (1) After the formation of the merger company

the Board of Trade may, with the consent of the

Treasury, enter into such agreements with the Cunard

Steam Ship Company Limited and the merger company

as may, in the opinion of the Board, be necessary to

secure that, when the interest of the Cunard Steam Ship

Company Limited in the first vessel mentioned in the

Cunard (Insurance) Agreement Act, 1930, has been

transferred to the merger company, the benefits and

obligations conferred and imposed on the Cunard Steam

Ship Company Limited by and under the said Act shall

(subject to any necessary modifications) also be transferred to the merger company.

(2) The provisions of section three of the said Act

shall apply in relation to any such agreement as aforesaid

as they apply in relation to the principal agreement as

defined in that Act, and references in the other provisions

of that Act to the principal agreement shall be construed

as including references to the principal agreement as

supplemented or modified by any such agreement as

aforesaid.

4. This Act may be cited as the North Atlantic

Shipping Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the

Discipline and Regulation of the Army and the

Air Force.

[26th April 1934.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army

within the United Kingdom in time of peace,

unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against

law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty

and this present Parliament that a body of land forces

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom

1934. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 11. 31

Act, 1934.

and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s

Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should

consist of one hundred and forty-nine thousand five

hundred, including those to be employed at the depots

in the United Kingdom for the training of recruits for

service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the

numbers actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian

possessions, other than Aden:

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the o. 51.

air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole

number of such force should consist of thirty-one

thousand, including those employed as aforesaid, but

exclusive of the numbers serving as aforesaid:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the

safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the

possessions of this realm that a body of Royal Marine

forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and

naval service under the direction of the Lord High

Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners

for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently

be quartered or be on shore, or be sent to do duty or be on

board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or

vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under

other circumstances in which they will not be subject to

the laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s

forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or

limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of

punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any

other manner than by the judgment of his peers and

according to the known and established laws of this

realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the

retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other

persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act,

in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and

that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny,

or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service, or are

guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good

order and military or air force discipline, be brought

to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the

usual forms of the law will allow:

32

Ch. 11.

Short title.

Army Act

and Air

Force Act

to be in

force for

specified

times.

Army and Air Force (Annual)24 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act

will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and

thirty-four on the following days :—

(a) In Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the

Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the

thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, on the thirty-first day of

July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1934.

2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall

be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter

mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by

Parliament, that is to say :—-

(a) Within Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the

Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the

thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-four, to the thirtieth day

of April, one thousand nine hundred and

thirty-five, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day

of July, one thousand nine hundred and thirty-

four, to the thirty-first day of July, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-five, both

inclusive.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in

force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to

the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within

or without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air

Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or Air Force Act by reason only that the

number of the forces for the time being in the service of

His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either

greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

1934.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 11.

33

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling Prices in

house for the accommodation provided by him in respect of

pursuance of the Army Act or the Air Force Act the billeting,

prices specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

AMENDMENTS OF THE ARMY AND AIR FORCE

ACTS.

Part I.

Amendments of the Army Act applicable also

(subject to exceptions and modifications)

to the Air Force Act.

4. At the end of section one hundred and Amendment

eighty-eight of the Army Act (which relates to the of Army

application of that Act to persons on board ships) the Act 8 - 188 -

following subsection shall be added:—

" (2) Where the officer commanding the troops

on board a ship holds an authority empowering

him during the voyage to convene a court-

martial for the trial of any person under his

command who is subject to military law and to

confirm the finding and sentence of a court-martial

convened for the trial of any such person as

aforesaid, or conferring on him either of those

powers, that authority shall, in relation to any

such person as aforesaid, have effect as if it had

been issued at the place where that person

embarked on board the said ship by an officer

or person qualified under this Act to issue such

an authority at that place."

5. The amendments specified in the second column Minor

of the Second Schedule to this Act, being drafting amend-

amendments or amendments of a minor character, shall be

made in the sections of the Army Act specified in the y c '

first column of the said Schedule.

6. References in the foregoing sections of this Application

Part of this Act (including the Second Schedule to this of 1

Act) to the Army Act shall be deemed to include porroAet

references to the Air Force Act, and the provisions

of the said sections and Schedule shall, in their

application to the Air Force Act, have effect subject

to any express exception specified in the said Schedule,

to any of the general modifications set out in Part I

C

34 Ch. 11. Army and Air Force (Annual) 24 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Air Force (Constitution)

— cont. Act, 1917, which apply, and to the following special

modification, namely, that for the expression "the

troops" in section four of this Act there shall he

substituted the expression "the air-force personnel."

Part II.

Amendment of the Army Act.

7. After section one hundred and eighty-four A

of the Army Act, there shall be inserted the following

section—

" 184B. When a body of the regular, reserve

or auxiliary forces and a body of an air force

raised in India are serving together under such

conditions as may be prescribed by regulations

made by the Army Council and the Governor-

General of India, then, if it is so provided by

the regulations, but subject to any exceptions

or limitations specified therein, a member of

either body shall, in relation to the other body—

(a) be treated for the purposes of command

and discipline, and for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to

superior officers; and

(b) have for those purposes all such powers

(other than powers of punishment),

as if he were a member of that other body

holding relative rank.

For the purposes of this section, the relative

rank of members of different forces shall be such

as may be provided by regulations made as

aforesaid

Part III.

Amendments of the Am Force Act.

Minor 8. The amendments specified in the second column

amend- G f the Third Schedule to this Act, being drafting

menta of Air amen(j men t s or amendments of a minor character,

°ree c . j-, e ma(j e j n the sections of the Air Force Act

specified in the first column of the said Schedule.

Relations

between

military

forces and

Indian Air

Force.

1934.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 11.

35

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Prices in Respect of Billeting.

Accommodation to be provided.

Maximum price.

Lodging and attendance for

where meals furnished.

soldier Tenpence a night for

the first soldier

and eightpence a

night for each additional soldier.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the

Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified -

Supper as so specified -

Where no meals furnished, lodging and

attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt,

and the use of fire, and the necessary

utensils for dressing and eating his

meat.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats,

twelve pounds of hay, and eight

pounds of straw a day for each

horse.

Sevenpence each.

Tenpence.

Fourpence.

Tenpence a night for

the first soldier

and eightpence a

night for each additional soldier.

Two shillings and

threepence a day.

Stable room without forage ... Sixpence a day.

Lodging and attendance for an officer - Three shillings a

night.

Note .—An officer shall pay for his food.

In the application of this Schedule to the Air Force,

references to the Air Force Act and to an airman shall be

substituted for references to the Army Act and to a soldier.

Section 3.

36 Ch. 11. Army and Air Force (Annual) 24 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Section 5. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Drafttvq and Minor Amendments oe the Army Act.

l 2

Section. Amendments to be made.

S. 56 - In subsection (5), the word "other " shall be omitted.

S. 91 - In the proviso to subsection (1), for the words "the

mental hospital of" in both places where those

words occur, and for the words "mental hospital

districts " there shall be substituted respectively the

words " the public mental hospital for " and " public

mental hospital districts."

In subsection (3), the words "or Northern Ireland " in

the last place where those words occur, shall be

omitted.

In subsection (4), for the words "a warrant granted by

" two justices under section ten of the Lunacy

" (Ireland) Act, 1867 " there shall be substituted

the words "an urgency order made under section

" twenty of the Mental Treatment Act (Northern

" Ireland), 1932 ".

S. 163 - In paragraph (6) of subsection (1), for the words "or

" the Army Council, or of the Admiralty or of the Air

" Council " there shall be substituted the words "or

" on behalf of the Army Council, the Admiralty, or

" the Air Council ".

The preceding amendment does not apply in the case

of the Air Force Act.

In paragraph (6) of subsection (1), after the words "the

commanding officer " there shall be inserted the

words " or the officer having the custody of the

records."

S. 190 - In paragraph (4), the words "subject to the exceptions

in this Act mentioned " shall be omitted.

For paragraph (27) there shall be substituted the

following paragraph :—

" (27) The expression ‘ governor’in its application to a colony means the officer, however styled,

who is for the time being administering the government of the colony."

1934.

37

Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 11, 12.

Act, 1934.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Drafting and Minor Amendments of the

Air Force Act.

1 2

Section. Amendments to be made.

S. 156 - In paragraph (a) of subsection (9), for the word

" military " there shall be substituted the word

" air-force ".

S. 163 - In paragraph (6) of subsection (1), for the words

" or the Air Council, or the Army Council, or of the Admiralty " there shall be substituted the

words " or on behalf of the Air Council, the Admiralty

or the Army Council ".

S. 176 - In paragraph (1), for the words Royal Warrant

" for regulating the pay and promotion of the

" regular air force " there shall be substituted the

words " order of His Majesty defining that term ".

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to extend the period during which

guarantees may respectively be given and remain

in force under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to

1930.

[26th April 1934.]

BE it enacted by the Kong’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, The period within which new guarantees may be

given under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1930, in

connection with export transactions shall be extended

so as to expire on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and forty, and the period during which

guarantees so given (including renewed guarantees) may

remain in force shall be extended so as to expire on the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty.

Section 8.

Extension of

periods during

which guarantees under

Overseas

Trade Acts.

1920 to 1930,

may be given

and remain in

force.

38

Ch. 12, 13. Overseas Trade Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Hours for

solemnization of

marriages.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 14.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 23.

Extent of

Act.

Short title

and citation.

2. This Act may be cited as the Overseas Trade Act,

1934, and the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1930, and

this Act, may be cited together as the Overseas Trade

Acts, 1920 to 1934.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to allow marriages to be solemnized at

any time between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) From or after the passing of this Act it

shall be lawful to solemnize a marriage at any time

between the hours of eight in the forenoon and six in

the afternoon.

(2) The Marriage Act, 1886, and the Foreign

Marriage Act, 1892, shall have effect as if the words

" eight in the forenoon and six in the afternoon " were

substituted therein for the words "eight in the forenoon and three in the afternoon" wherever the same

occur.

2. This Act, except in so far as it amends the

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892, shall not extend to Scotland

or Northern Ireland.

3. This Act may be cited as the Marriage (Extension of Hours) Act, 1934, and this Act and the Marriage

Acts, 1811 to 1932, may be cited together as the Marriage

Acts, 1811 to 1934; and this Act and the Foreign

Marriage Act, 1892, may be cited together as the Foreign

Marriage Acts, 1892 and 1934.

1934.

Arbitration Act, 1934.

Ch. 14.

39

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the law relating to arbitrations

and to make provision for other matters

connected therewith.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

General Amendments of the Law relating to

Arbitration.

1.—(1) An arbitration agreement shall not be dis- Arbitration

charged by the death of any party thereto, either as agreement

respects the deceased or any other party, but shall in 1x3

such an event be enforceable by or against the personal tv deathof

representative of the deceased. party

(2) The authority of an arbitrator shall not be theret0 *

revoked by the death of any party by whom he was

appointed.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the operation of any enactment or rule of law by virtue of

which any right of action is extinguished by the death of

a person,

2.—(1) Where it is provided by a term in a contract Provisions

to which a bankrupt is a party that any differences in case of

arising thereout or in connection therewith shall be bankruptcy

referred to arbitration, the said term shall, if the trustee

in bankruptcy adopts the contract, be enforceable by or

against him so far as relates to any such differences.

(2) Where a person who has been adjudged bankrupt

had before the commencement of the bankruptcy become

a party to an arbitration agreement and any matter

to which the agreement applies requires to be determined

in connection with or for the purposes of the bankruptcy

proceedings, then, if the case is one to which subsection (1)

of this section does not apply, any other party to the

agreement or, with the consent of the committee of

inspection, the trustee in bankruptcy, may apply to the

40 Ch. 14. Arbitration Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Court having jurisdiction in the bankruptcy proceedings

for an order directing that the matter in question shall

be referred to arbitration in accordance with the agreement, and that Court may, if it is of opinion that, having

regard to all the circumstances of the case, the matter

ought to be determined by arbitration, make an order

accordingly.

3. — (1) Where an arbitrator (not being a sole

arbitrator), or two or more arbitrators (not being all the

arbitrators) or an umpire who has not entered on the

reference is or are removed by the Court, the Court may,

on the application of any party to the arbitration agreement, appoint a person or persons to act as arbitrator or

arbitrators or umpire in place of the person or persons so

removed.

(2) Where the appointment of an arbitrator or

arbitrators or umpire is revoked by leave of the Court, or

a sole arbitrator or all the arbitrators or an umpire who has

entered on the reference is or are removed by the Court,

the Court may, on the application of any party to the

arbitration agreement, either—

(a) appoint a person to act as sole arbitrator in

place of the person or persons removed; or

(b) order that the arbitration agreement shall cease

to have effect with respect to the dispute referred.

(3) A person appointed under this section by the

Court as an arbitrator or umpire shall have the like

power to act in the reference and to make an award as

if he had been appointed in accordance with the terms

of the arbitration agreement.

(4) Where it is provided (whether by means of a

provision in the arbitration agreement or otherwise),

that an award under an arbitration agreement shall be a

condition precedent to the bringing of an action with

respect to any matter to which the agreement applies,

the Court, if it orders (whether under this section or under

any other enactment) that the agreement shall cease to

have effect as regards any particular dispute, may further

order that the provision making an award a condition

precedent to the bringing of an action shall also cease to

have effect as regards that dispute.

Provisions 4. — (1) WTiere an arbitration agreement provides

on the that the reference shall be to three arbitrators, one to be

Power of

Court where

arbitrator is

removed or

appointment of

arbitrator is

revoked.

1934.

Arbitration Act, 1934.

Ch. 14.

41

appointed by each party and the third to be appointed by

the two appointed by the parties, the agreement shall

have effect as if it provided for the appointment of an

umpire, and not for the appointment of a third arbitrator,

by the two arbitrators appointed by the parties.

(2) Where an arbitration agreement provides that

the reference shall be to three arbitrators to be appointed

otherwise than as mentioned in the foregoing subsection, the award of any two of the arbitrators shall be

binding.

5. —(1) The following paragraph shall be substituted

for paragraph (b) of \he First Schedule to the principal

Act (which sets out certain provisions which are to be

implied in an arbitration agreement unless the contrary

intention is expressed therein):—

" (b) if the reference is to two arbitrators,

the two arbitrators shall appoint an umpire immediately after they are themselves appointed ":

and in paragraph (c) of section five of the principal

Act after the word "arbitrator " there shall be inserted

the words "or where two arbitrators are required to

appoint an umpire."

(2) At any time after the appointment of an umpire,

however appointed, the Court may, on the application of

any party to the reference and notwithstanding anything

to the contrary in the arbitration agreement, order that

the umpire shall enter on the reference in lieu of the

arbitrators and as if he were a sole arbitrator.

6. —(1) The Court may, on the application of any

party to a reference, remove an arbitrator or umpire who

fails to use all reasonable dispatch in entering on and

proceeding with the reference and making an award.

(2) An arbitrator or umpire who is removed by the

Court under this section shall not be entitled to receive

any remuneration in respect of his services.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of

section ten of the principal Act and to anything to the

contrary in the arbitration agreement, *an arbitrator or

umpire shall have power to make an award at any time.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression

" proceeding with a reference " includes, in a case w T here

appointment of

three

arbitrators.

Provisions

relating to

umpires.

Arbitrators

and umpires

to use due

dispatch.

42

Ch. 14.

Arbitration Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of Sch. 1 of

principal

Act.

Additional

powers of

Court.

Statement

of case by

arbitrator or

umpire.

two arbitrators are unable to agree, giving notice of that

fact to the parties and to the umpire.

7. The following provisions shall be added at the

end of the First Schedule to the principal Act:—

" (j) the arbitrators or umpire shall have the

same power as the Court to order specific performance of any contract other than a contract

relating to land or any interest in land:

" (Jc) the arbitrators or umpire may, if they

think fit, make an interim award."

8. —(1) The Court shall have, for the purpose of

and in relation to a reference, the same power of making

orders in respect of any of the matters set out in the

First Schedule to this Act as it has for the purpose of

and in relation to an action or matter in the Court:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provision

shall be taken to prejudice any power which may be

vested in an arbitrator or umpire of making orders with

respect to any of the matters aforesaid.

(2) Where relief by way of interpleader is granted

and it appears to the Court that the claims in question

are matters to which an arbitration agreement, to which

the claimants are parties, applies, the Court may direct

the issue between the claimants to be determined in

accordance with the agreement.

(3) Where an application is made to set aside an

award the Court may order that any money made

payable by the award shall be brought into court or

otherwise secured pending the determination of the

application.

9. —(1) An arbitrator or umpire may, and shall if so

directed by the Court, state:—

(a) any question of law arising in the course of the reference; or

(b) an award or any part of an award,

in the form of a special case for the decision of the Court.

(2) A special case with respect to an interim award

or with respect to a question of law arising in the course

1934.

Arbitration Act, 1934.

Ch. 14.

43

of a reference may be stated, or may be directed by the

Court to be stated, notwithstanding that proceedings

under the reference are still pending.

(3) A decision of the Court under this section shall

be deemed to be a judgment of the Court within the

meaning of section twenty-seven of the Supreme Court 15 & 16

of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which relates to Geo. 5. c. 49.

the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to hear and

determine appeals from any judgment of the Court),

but no appeal shall lie from the decision of the Court on

any case stated under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section without the leave of the Court or of the

Court of Appeal.

10. Where leave is given under section twelve of the Entry of

principal Act to enforce an award in the same manner as judgment in

a judgment or order, judgment may be entered in terms terms of

oftht award. rf -

11. A sum directed to be paid by an award shall. Interest on

unless the award otherwise directs, carry interest as awards -

from the date of the award and at the same rate as a

judgment debt.

12. —(1) Any provision in an arbitration agreement Provision as

to the effect that the parties or any party thereto shall in to costs,

any event pay their or his own costs of the reference or

award or any part thereof shall be void; and the principal

Act shall in the case of an arbitration agreement containing any such provision have effect as if that provision

were not contained therein:

Provided that nothing herein shall invalidate such

a provision when it is part of an agreement to submit to

arbitration a dispute which has arisen before the making

of such agreement.

(2) If no provision is made by an award with respect

to the costs of the reference, any party to the reference

may within fourteen days of the publication of the award

or such further time as a Court or a judge may direct

apply to the arbitrator for an order directing by and to

whom such costs shall be paid, anc^ thereupon the

arbitrator shall after hearing any party who may desire

to be heard amend his award by adding thereto such

directions as he may t hin k proper with respect to the

payment of the costs of the reference.

44

Taxation of

arbitrator's

or umpire’s

fees.

Power of

Court to

give relief

where

arbitrator is

not impartial or

dispute

referred

involves

question of

fraud.

Ch. 14. Arbitration Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

13. —(1) If in any ease an arbitrator or umpire

refuses to deliver his award except on payment of the

fees demanded by him, the Court may, on an application

for the purpose, order that the arbitrator or umpire shall

deliver the award to the applicant on payment into Court

by the applicant of the fees demanded, and further that

the fees demanded shall be taxed by the taxing officer

and that out of the money paid into Court there shall be

paid out to the arbitrator or umpire by way of fees such

sum as may be found reasonable on taxation and that the

balance of the money, if any, shall be paid out to the

applicant.

(2) An application for the purposes of this section

may be made by any party to the reference unless the

fees demanded have been fixed by a written agreement

between him and the arbitrator or umpire.

(3) A taxation of fees under this section may be

reviewed in the same manner as a taxation of costs.

(4) The arbitrator or umpire shall be entitled to

appear and be heard on any taxation or review of taxation

under this section.

14. —(1) Where an agreement between any parties

provides that disputes which may arise in the future

between them shall be referred to an arbitrator named

or designated in the agreement and after a dispute has

arisen any party applies, on the ground that the arbitrator

so named or designated is not or may not be impartial

for leave to revoke the submission or for an injunction

to restrain any other party or the arbitrator from proceeding with the arbitration, it shall not be a ground for

refusing the application that the said party at the time

when he made the agreement knew, or ought to have

known, that the arbitrator by reason of his relation

towards any other party to the agreement or of his

connection with the subject referred might not be capable

of impartiality.

(2) Where an agreement between any parties provides that disputes which may arise in the future between

them shall be Referred and a dispute which so arises

involves the question whether any such party has been

guilty of fraud, the Court shall, so far as may be

necessary to enable that question to be determined by

the Court, have power to order that the agreement shall

1934.

Arbitration Act, 1934.

Ch. 14.

45

cease to have effect and power to give leave to revoke

any submission made thereunder.

(3) In any case where by virtue of this section the

Court has power to order that an arbitration agreement

shall cease to have effect or to give leave to revoke a

submission, the Court may refuse to stay any action

brought in breach of the agreement.

15. Section eleven of the principal Act (which Amend-

empowers the Court to remove an arbitrator and set merit of

aside an award) shall be amended by the insertion of the 8 - 11, of

words " or the proceedings " after the words "has cipal

misconducted himself " in both places where those words

occur in the said section.

Miscellaneous.

16.—(1) The statutes of limitation shall apply to Limitation

arbitrations as they apply to proceedings in the Court. of time for

commencing

(2) Notwithstanding any term in an arbitration arbitration

agreement to the effect that no cause of action shall proceedings,

accrue in respect of any matter required by the agreement

to be referred until an award is made under the agreement,

a cause of action shall, for the purpose of the statutes of

limitation both as originally enacted and as applying to

arbitrations, be deemed to have accrued in respect of any

such matter at the time when it would have accrued

but for that term in the agreement.

(3) In subsection (3) of section four hundred and

ninety-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which 57 & 58 Vict,

requires a sum deposited with a wharfinger by an owner o. 60.

of goods to be repaid unless legal proceedings are

instituted by the shipowner), the expression "legal

proceedings " shall be deemed to include arbitration.

(4) For the purpose of this section and for the

purpose of the statutes of limitation as applying to

arbitrations and of the said section four hundred and

ninety-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as

amended by this section, an arbitration shall be deemed

to be commenced when one party to the arbitration

agreement serves on the other party or parties a notice

requiring him or them to appoint an arbitrator, or.

46

Ch. 14.

Arbitration Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

where the arbitration agreement provides that the reference shall be to a person named or designated in the

agreement, requiring him or them to submit the dispute

to the person so named or designated.

(5) Any such notice as is mentioned in subsection (4)

of this section may be served either :—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to

be served; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of

abode in England of that person; or

(c) by sending it by post in a registered letter

addressed to that person at his usual or last

known place of abode in England;

as well as in any other manner provided in the arbitration

agreement; and where a notice is sent by post in manner

prescribed by paragraph (c), service thereof shall, unless

the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been effected

at the time at which the letter would have been delivered

in the ordinary course of post.

(6) Where the terms of an agreement to refer future

disputes to arbitration provide that any claims to which

the agreement applies shall be barred unless notice to

appoint an arbitrator is given or an arbitrator is appointed

or some other step to commence arbitration proceedings

is taken within a time fixed by the agreement, and a

dispute arises to which the agreement applies, the Court,

if it is of opinion that in the circumstances of the case

undue hardship would otherwise be caused, and notwithstanding that the time so fixed has expired, may, on such

terms, if any, as the justice of the case may require, but

without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this

section, extend the time for such period as it thinks

proper.

(7) Where the Court orders that an award be set

aside or orders, after the commencement of an arbitration,

that the arbitration agreement shall cease to have effect

with respect to the dispute referred, the Court may

further order that the period between the commencement

of the arbitration and the date of the order of the Court

shall be excluded in computing the time prescribed by

the statutes of limitation for the commencement of

proceedings (including arbitration) with respect to the

dispute referred.

1934.

Arbitration Act, 1934.

Ch. 14.

47

(8) For the purposes of this section the expression

" the statutes of limitation " includes any enactment

hmiting the time within which any particular proceeding

may be commenced.

17. Section sixty-nine of the Solicitors Act, 1932

(which empowers a Court before which any proceeding is

being heard or is pending to charge property recovered

or preserved in the proceeding with the payment of

solicitors’ costs), shall apply as if an arbitration were a

proceeding in the Court, and the

declarations and orders accordingly.

Application

of s. 69 of

22 &23

Geo. 5. c. 37

to solicitors ’

costs in

Court may make arbitrations,

18. The following subsections shall be inserted

after subsection (5) of section sixteen of the Agricultural

Holdings Act, 1923 :—

" (5a) Sections one hundred and ten, one

hundred and eleven and one hundred and twelve

of the County Courts Act, 1888 (which provide

for the issue of summonses to witnesses in County

Court actions and the enforcement of such summonses and the bringing up of prisoners to give

evidence in such actions) shall apply to any

arbitration under this Act as if that arbitration

was an action or matter in the County Court.

16

Amendment of 8.

of Agricultural

Holdings

Act, 1923

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 43.

9.

(5b) The High Court may order that a writ

of habeas corpus ad testificandum shall issue to

bring up a prisoner for examination before any

arbitrator appointed under this Act, if the prisoner

is confined in any prison under process in any civil

action or matter."

19. Subject as hereinafter provided, the provisions Saving for

of this Act shall not affect any arbitration which has been pending

commenced within the meaning of section sixteen of this arbitrations.

Act before the date on which this Act comes into operation,

but shall apply to any arbitration so commenced after

the said date under an arbitration agreement made

before the said date:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the

operation of the provisions of this Act amending the

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

20. This Act, except the provisions thereof set out Application

in the Second Schedule to this Act, shall apply in relation to statutory

to every arbitration under any other Act passed before arbitrations.

48

Ch. 14.

Arbitration Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Short title,

interpretation, application,

extent,

repeal and

commencement.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 49.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 39.

20 & 21

Geo. 6. c. 15.

or after the commencement of this Act, as if the arbitration were pursuant to an arbitration agreement and as if

that other Act were an arbitration agreement, except

in so far as this Act is inconsistent with that other Act

or with any rules or procedure authorised or recognised

thereby:

Provided that this Act shall not apply to any arbitration to which the principal Act does not apply and no

provision of this Act which expressly amends a provision

of the principal Act shall apply to any arbitration to

which that provision of the principal Act does not apply.

21.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Arbitration

Act, 1934.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires :—

The expression "the principal Act" means the

Arbitration Act, 1889:

The expression "arbitration agreement" means a

written agreement to submit present or future

differences to arbitration, whether an arbitrator

is named therein or not.

(3) References in this Act and in the principal Act

to an award shall include references to an interim award.

(4) This Act shall be construed as one with the

principal Act, and the principal Act, the Arbitration

Clauses (Protocol) Act, 1924, and the Arbitration (Foreign

Awards) Act, 1930, and this Act may be cited together

as the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934.

(5) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

(6) The enactments mentioned in the Third

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(7) The Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

1934.

Arbitration Act, 1934.

Ch. 14.

49

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Matters in respect of which the Court may make Section 8.

Orders.

(1) Security for costs:

(2) Discovery of documents and interrogatories:

(3) The giving of evidence by affidavit:

(4) Examination on oath of any witness before an officer

of the Court or any other person, and the issue of a commission

or request for the examination of a witness out of the jurisdiction:

(5) The preservation, interim custody or sale of any goods

which are the subject matter of the reference:

(6) Securing the amount in dispute in the reference:

(7) The detention, preservation or inspection of any property

or thing which is the subject of the reference or as to which any

question may arise therein, and authorising for any of the purposes

aforesaid any persons to enter upon or into any land or building

in the possession of any party to the reference, or authorising any

samples to be taken or any observation to be made or experiment

to be tried which may be necessary or expedient for the purpose

of obtaining full information or evidence:

(8) Interim injunctions or the appointment of a receiver.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Act which do not apply to Statutory Section 20 .

Arbitration.

Subsection (1) of section one.

Section two.

Section three.

Subsection (2) of section eight.

Subsection (1) of section twelve.

Section fourteen.

Section sixteen.

D

50

Ch. 14, 15.

Arbitration Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Section 21.

Supply of

water in

bulk.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

52 & 53 Vict.

The Arbitration Act,

Paragraph (b) of section

c. 49.

1889.

seven; section nineteen;

paragraphs (c) and (e) of the First Schedule, and in

paragraph (d) of that

schedule the words "have

" allowed their time or ex-

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

I

The Administration of

" tended time toexpirewith-

" out making an award or."

Section sixteen.

c. 81.

Justice Act, 1920.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to empower statutory water undertakers

to give and to take supplies of water in bulk.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act any

statutory water undertakers may enter into and carry

into effect agreements with any other statutory water

undertakers for the giving by the one and the taking by

the other of a supply of water in bulk.

(2) An agreement under this Act—

(a) may provide for the giving and taking of the

supply for any period and on any terms and

conditions and either within or beyond the

limits of supply of the supplying undertakers;

1934.

Supply of Water in Bulk

Act, 1934.

Ch. 15.

51

(b) shall not be entered into except with the

consent of the Minister of Health;

(c) where the undertakers taking the supply are a

local authority, and the area to be supplied is

within the limits of supply of any other

statutory water undertakers, shall not be

entered into except with the consent of those

other undertakers.

(3) The Minister of Health shall not give his consent

to an agreement if it appears to him that the giving of the supply would be likely to interfere with the supply

of water for domestic or other purposes within the limits

of supply of the supplying undertakers.

(4) For the purpose of giving or taking a supply

of water in pursuance of an agreement made under this Act, statutory water undertakers may exercise either

within or beyond their limits of supply any of the powers

which, under sections twenty-eight to thirty-four of the

Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847 (which relate to the

breaking up of streets for the purpose of laying pipes) are

exercisable by undertakers within the limits of a special

Act for the purpose of supplying water to the inhabitants

of the district included within those limits:

Provided that the consent of the persons, under

whose control or management a street or bridge is, shall

be required to the opening or breaking up thereof, but

that consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and any

question whether or not consent is unreasonably withheld

shall be decided by the Minister:

Provided also that, where the undertakers propose

to open or break up any length of a street which forms

a level crossing or crosses over or under a railway or

works of a railway company or railway committee or

crosses over or under a canal or inland navigation

maintained by a navigation authority and the railway

company or committee or navigation authority are not

the persons having the control or management of that

length of the street, the undertakers shall give the like

notice to the railway company or railway committee or

navigation authority as they are required by section thirty

of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, to give to the

persons under whose control or management the street

10 & 11 Vict,

o. 17.

52

Ch. 15.

Procedure

on application for the Minister’s

consent.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c. 51.

Supply of Water in Bulk 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

is, and if and in so far as the proposed opening or

breaking up of the street would be likely to affect the

structure of any bridge or other works belonging to the

company or committee or authority, the undertakers

shall carry out their proposals under the superintendence

and to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the

company or committee or authority in accordance with

plans to be submitted to and approved by him, and

any dispute or difference which may arise between the

undertakers and the company or committee or authority

shall be referred to the arbitration of an engineer to be

appointed on the application of either party by the

President of the Institution of Civil Engineers.

For the purposes of this proviso the expressions

‘‘railway company" and "railway committee" shall

include the London Passenger Transport Board.

(5) The powers conferred by this Act on statutory

water undertakers shall be deemed to be in addition

to, and not in substitution for, any powers conferred

upon them under any other enactment:

Provided that this Act shall not be deemed to

authorise statutory water undertakers who have power

under any Act of Parliament, other than this Act, or

under any Order confirmed by Parliament to supply

water in bulk, subject to a prohibition against supplying

water outside the catchment area which includes their

limits of supply, to supply water in bulk outside that

catchment area.

2.—(1) Statutory water undertakers who propose

to enter into an agreement under this Act shall cause a

notice to be published in one or more local newspapers

circulating within their respective limits of supply,

stating the effect of the proposals, and that objections

with respect to the proposals may be made to the Minister

within twenty-one days after the publication of the notice,

and shall send a notice in similar terms to the Catchment

Board of any area from which water is obtained by the

undertaker who proposes to give the supply.

(2) The provisions of section two hundred and ninety

of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relates to the

holding of local inquiries in certain cases, including where

the Minister is authorised by that Act to give a consent

1934.

Supply of Water in Bulk

Act, 1934.

Ch. 15.

53

to any matter) shall have effect, before as well as after

the coming into operation of that Act, as if the consent of the Minister to an agreement under this Act were a

consent which he is authorised to give under that Act.

3. In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby assigned to them :—

" Limits of supply" means in relation to any undertakers the limits within which they are for the

time being authorised, under any Act of Parliament other than this Act, or under any order

confirmed by Parliament, to supply water:

" Statutory water undertakers " means—

(a) the following local authorities, that is to

say, the council of any borough or urban or

rural district and a joint board, or joint

committee, constituted under the Public

Health Act, 1875, or under a local Act for

the purposes of the provision of a common

water supply; and

(b) any company, board or persons empowered

by Act of Parliament, or an order confirmed

by Parliament, to supply water:

" Navigation authority" means any person or body

of persons having powers under any Act of

Parliament to work or maintain a canal or

other inland navigation:

" Supply of water in bulk" means supply of water

for distribution by the undertakers taking the

supply.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Supply of

Water in Bulk Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or

Northern Ireland.

Interpretation.

38 *39Viet,

c. 55.

Short title

and extent.

54

Ch. 16.

Firearms Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of 10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 43.

s. 3.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Firearms Act, 1920, as to

the age of persons who may purchase firearms

or to whom firearms may be sold; and to alter

the definition of firearms in the said Act.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The following subsections shall be substituted

for subsection (1) of section three of the Firearms Act,

1920, that is to say, —

" (1a) A person under the age of seventeen

years shall not purchase or hire a firearm or

ammunition, and a person shall not sell or let for

hire a firearm or ammunition to any person whom

he knows or has reasonable ground for believing to

be under the age of seventeen years.

(1b) A person under the age of fourteen years

shall not have in his possession, use or carry a

firearm or ammunition, and a person shall not

give, lend, transfer or part with the possession

of a firearm or ammunition to a person whom he

knows or has reasonable ground for believing to

be under the age of fourteen years."

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the proviso to the

definition of the expression "firearm " contained in

subsection (l) of section twelve of the said Act, a smooth

bore shot gun or air gun or air rifle and ammunition

therefor shall if the gun or rifle is a lethal weapon

be deemed to be a firearm and ammunition for the

purpose of subsection (1a) of the said section three;

and accordingly the said proviso shall be amended

by inserting after the words "provisions of this Act

other than" the words "those of subsection (1a) of

section three or ".

(3) Subsection (2) of section twelve of the said

Act shall be amended by inserting after the words

55

1934. Firearms Act, 1934. Ch. 16, 17.

" provisions of this Act " the words "(other than those of

subsection (1a) of section three)."

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Firearms Act, Short title

1934. ' and extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the County Courts Acts, 1888

to 1924, and certain other enactments relating

to county courts.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Courts, Judges and Registrars.

1. The following section shall be substituted for Amendment

section three of the principal Act and section five of that as . to cou -

Act shall cease to have effect:— stitution of

courts.

" 3.—(1) For the purposes of this Act England

(excluding the City of London) shall be divided

into districts, and a court shall be held under this Act for each of the said districts at one or more

places therein, and throughout the whole of each

district the court so held for the district shall have

such jurisdiction and powers as are conferred by

this Act and any other enactment for the time

being in force.

(2) Every court so held shall be called a

county court and shall be a court of record, and

there shall be at least one judge for every district.

(3) Subject to any alterations made in

pursuance of this Act, county courts shall

continue to be held for the districts and at

the places and by the names appointed at the

commencement of this Act under the enactments repealed by this Act."

56

Provisions

as to

deputy

judges.

Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

2.—(1) Where the hearing of any proceedings duly

commenced before a deputy judge is adjourned, or

judgment is reserved therein, the deputy judge shall,

notwithstanding that before the hearing is resumed or

judgment is delivered the period of his appointment

expires or a successor is appointed to the judge for

whom he was acting as deputy, have power to resume

the hearing and determine the proceedings or, as the

case may be, to deliver as the judgment of the court the

judgment which he has reserved.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to

the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Lord

Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, remove a deputy judge

for inability or misbehaviour.

(3) It is hereby declared—

(a) that a deputy judge may be appointed to act

for a judge in all or any of the districts for

which the judge was appointed, or at all or

any of the places at which the court for any

such district is held;

(b) that a deputy judge appointed under section

nineteen or twenty-one of the principal Act

is required to have the same qualifications

as a deputy judge appointed under section

eighteen of that Act;

(c) that in section twenty of the principal Act

(which prohibits a deputy judge from

practising in any court within the district

of a court in which he acts) the expression

"any court" means any county court or

other court.

(4) The provisions of section twenty-one of the

principal Act (which deals with the appointment of

deputy judges on the death or resignation of a judge)

shall apply in the case of the vacation of his office by

a judge from any cause whatsoever in the same manner

as they apply in the case of the death or resignation

of a judge, and the remuneration payable to a deputy

judge under that section shall, instead of being a

rateable proportion of the judge’s salary and allowances,

be such remuneration as the Lord Chancellor may, with

the approval of the Treasury, in any case determine.

1934.

County Courts

(. Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

57

(5) In this section the expression "deputy judge, "

unless the context otherwise requires, means a person

appointed to act as the deputy of a judge under any of the provisions of the principal Act.

3.—(1) When the judge of a district to which this

section applies ceases to be the judge thereof, whether

by reason of his vacating office or by reason of any

alteration in the distribution of the districts among the

judges made by the Lord Chancellor under section

thirteen of the principal Act, the appointment of his

successor shall, unless it is made under the said section

thirteen, be made by the Chancellor of the Duchy of

Lancaster (in this section referred to as " the Duchy "),

and not by the Lord Chancellor.

(2) Before appointing any person to be a judge, the

Chancellor of the Duchy shall take steps to satisfy himself

that the health of that person is satisfactory.

(3) The power of removing a judge under section

fifteen of the principal Act shall, in the case of a judge

of a district to which this section applies, be exerciseable

by the Chancellor of the Duchy and not by the Lord

Chancellor.

(4) The judge of a district to which this section

applies shall not, except in the case of his illness or

unavoidable absence, appoint a deputy under section

eighteen of the principal Act except with the approval of the Chancellor of the Duchy, but shall not be required

to obtain the approval of the Lord Chancellor before

making such an appointment.

(5) The power of appointing under section twenty-

one of the principal Act a deputy of a judge of a district

to which this section applies shall be exerciseable by the

Chancellor of the Duchy instead of by the Lord Chancellor.

(6) The power of removing a deputy judge conferred

by this Act and the power of ordering under section

twenty-one of the principal Act that a deputy judge

shall cease to act as such shall, in the case of the deputy

of a judge of a district to which this section applies

(other than a deputy appointed by the Lord Chancellor)

be exerciseable by the Chancellor of the Duchy and not

by the Lord Chancellor.

Provisions

as to

Duchy of

Lancaster.

58

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Provision

of courthouses, &o.

33 & 34 Vict,

c. 15.

(7) The Lord Chancellor shall not, except with the

consent of the Chancellor of the Duchy—

(a) make any order under section four of the

principal Act with respect to a district to

which this section applies; or

(b) direct under section twelve of the principal Act

that there shall be two judges of any such

district; or

(c) make any alteration under section thirteen of the principal Act in the distribution among the

judges of the districts to which this section

applies.

(8) This section applies to a district wholly or partly

within the Duchy, being a district the judge of which is

not judge of any other district wholly outside the

Duchy, or, in a case where there is more than one judge

of the district, being a district no judge of which is judge

of any other district wholly outside the Duchy:

Provided that the Lord Chancellor may by order

provide that a district adjacent to the Duchy shall be

treated for the purpose of this subsection as if it were

wholly or partly within the Duchy.

(9) The Lord Chancellor may, with the consent of the Chancellor of the Duchy, revoke any order made

under the last foregoing subsection.

(10) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

have effect in substitution for the provisions of the

principal Act relating to the powers and duties of the

Chancellor of the Duchy as respects judges and deputy

judges.

(11) The powers conferred upon the Chancellor of the Duchy by section twenty-seven of the principal Act

as respects registrars shall be transferred to the Lord

Chancellor.

(12) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the limit on the number of judges imposed by section

eight of the principal Act.

4.—(1) Nothing in section one hundred and

seventy-nine of the principal Act shall be taken to affect

the duty of the Commissioners of Works under section

four of the County Court (Buildings) Act, 1870, to build,

purchase, hire or otherwise provide a court-house, offices

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

59

or buildings in any town or place where a county court

is held, if it appears to the said Commissioners, on the

representation of the Lord Chancellor made with the

concurrence of the Treasury, that there is no town hall,

court-house or other public building in that town or

place which is suitable for the purpose of holding and

carrying on the business of the court.

(2) For the purpose of providing a court-house,

offices and buildings for holding and carrying on the

business of a county court under the said section four of the County Courts (Buildings) Act, 1870, it shall be lawful

for the said Commissioners, with the approval of the Lord

Chancellor, to contribute, on such terms as the Treasury

may approve, to the expenses incurred by any local or

other public authority in erecting or reconstructing a

town hall, court-house or other public building.

Amendments as to Jurisdiction.

5. —(1) In section fifty-six of the principal Act Amend-

(which deals with the ordinary jurisdiction of the court) ments as to

the expression "actions founded on contract or on ? rdinai 7

tort " shall be substituted for the expression "personal Juns1C 10n ‘

actions."

(2) In section fifty-seven of the principal Act

(which provides for cases where the claim is reduced

by a set off) the expression "admitted set off " shall

mean a set off admitted by the plaintiff in the particulars

of his claim or demand.

(3) A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear

and determine any action for the recovery of any

penalty, expenses, contribution or other like demand

which is recoverable by virtue of any enactment for the

time being in force, if it is not expressly provided by that

or any other enactment that the demand shall be recoverable only in some other court and if the amount claimed

in the action does not exceed one hundred pounds:

Provided that for the purposes of this subsection

the expression "penalty " shall not include a fine to

which any person is liable on conviction on indictment

or on summary conviction.

6. —(1) Actions for the recovery of land shall be Actions f or

commenced in a county court only under section fifty-nine the recovery

of the principal Act, and accordingly sections one hundred of lant! -

60 Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

and thirty-eight to one hundred and forty-five of the

principal Act (which provide an alternative procedure for

the recovery of land in a county court in certain cases)

shall cease to have effect, and throughout the principal

Act references* to actions for the recovery of land shall be

substituted for references to actions of ejectment.

(2) References in any enactment (except in the

County Courts Acts, 1888 to 1924) to section one hundred

and thirty-eight or one hundred and thirty-nine of the

principal Act, or to any provision which is repealed by

the principal Act and re-enacted in either of those sections, shall be construed as a reference to section

fifty-nine of the principal Act.

(3) In the proviso to subsection (1) of section fifty-

nine of the principal Act (which provides for actions

for the recovery of land commenced in a county court

being tried in the High Court on the application of the

defendant) the words "transferred to the High Court "

shall be substituted for the words "tried in the High

Court", in both places where those words occur, and

the words from "and thereupon" to the end of the

section shall cease to have effect.

(4) Where, in an action for the recovery of land

commenced in a county court, no application is made

by the defendant to the High Court in accordance with

the proviso to the said section fifty-nine, or where such

an application is made but no order is made for the

transfer of the action, the county court shall have jurisdiction to try the action notwithstanding the provisions

of the principal Act relating to actions in which the title

to hereditaments comes in question.

15 & 16 (5) Section one hundred and forty-five of the Law

Geo. 6 . c. 20. of Property Act, 1925 (which requires a lessee of any

premises to give notice to the lessor of any writ for

the recovery of the premises) shall have effect as if the

expression "writ" included a summons issued from a

county court.

(6) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects actions in the county

court to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture for nonpayment of rent, and as respects relief against any such

forfeiture.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

61

(7) Nothing in this section, or in the provisions of this Act repealing sections one hundred and thirty-eight

to one hundred and forty-five of the principal Act, or in

the provisions of this Act repealing certain words in

sections fifty-nine and one hundred and twenty of the

principal Act and in section seven of the County Courts

Act, 1924, shall affect any proceedings commenced in

a county court before this section comes into operation.

7. — (1) The following paragraph shall be substituted

for paragraph 1 of section sixty-seven of the principal

Act (which gives a county court jurisdiction in certain

equity proceedings), that is to say, —

" 1. For the administration of the estate of a

deceased person where the estate does not

exceed in amount or value the sum of five

hundred pounds."

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the

provisions of the said section sixty-seven, a county

court shall have jurisdiction (including power to receive

payment of money or securities into court) under the

enactments set out in the first column of the Second

Schedule to this Act in the cases respectively mentioned

in the second column of that schedule.

(3) If, as respects any proceedings in which a

county court would have jurisdiction by virtue of section

sixty-seven of the principal Act or subsection (3) of

section one hundred and thirteen of the Settled Land

Act, 1925, or the Second Schedule to this Act but for the

limitation of the jurisdiction of the court provided in

those enactments, the parties agree, by a memorandum

signed by them or by their respective solicitors or agents,

that any county court specified in the memorandum

shall have jurisdiction in the proceedings, that court

shall, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, have

jurisdiction to hear and determine the proceedings

accordingly.

(4) Section seventy of the principal Act shall cease

to have effect.

8. —(1) Where there is commenced in the High

Court any action or matter to which this section applies,

any party thereto may apply to the High Court or a

judge thereof for an order that the action or matter be

transferred to a county court, and thereupon the court

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 17.

Jurisdiction

in equity

proceedings.

15 & 16

Geo. 6. c. 18.

Transfer of

equity proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court.

62

Procedure

where

proceedings

beyond

jurisdiction

are commenced in

county

court.

Transfer of

proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court by

agreement.

Jurisdiction

as to

counterclaims.

Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

or judge may, if it or he thinks fit, order the action or

matter to be transferred to any county court which the

court or judge may deem the most convenient to the

parties.

(2) This section applies to any action or matter

commenced after this section comes into operation

which is assigned for the time being to the Chancery

Division of the High Court and is, by virtue of .any

enactment for the time being in force, within the

jurisdiction of a county court.

(3) Section sixty-five of the principal Act shall

not apply to any action to which this section applies.

9. Where any proceedings are commenced in a

county court in which a county court has no jurisdiction,

the court shall, unless it is given jurisdiction by an agreement made under the provisions of this Act or of section

sixty-four of the principal Act, transfer the proceedings

to the High Court:

Provided that where, on the application of any

defendant, it appears to the court that the plaintiff or

one of the plaintiffs knew or ought to have known that

the court had no jurisdiction in the proceedings, the

court may, if it thinks fit, instead of ordering the proceedings to be transferred as aforesaid, order them to be

struck out.

10 . If, where proceedings have been commenced

in the High Court, an agreement is made under the

provisions of this Act or of section sixty-four of the

principal Act that a county court shall have jurisdiction

in those proceedings, the High Court or a judge thereof

shall, on the application of any party to the proceedings,

transfer the proceedings to that county court.

11 . — (1)Where in any action or matter commenced

in a county court, any counterclaim or set off and

counterclaim of any defendant involves matter beyond

the jurisdiction of a county court, any party to the action

or matter may, within such time as may be prescribed

by rules of the Supreme Court, apply to the High Court or

a judge thereof for an order that the whole proceedings,

or the proceedings on the counterclaim or set off and

counterclaim, be transferred to the High Court.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

63

(2) On any such application the High Court or

judge may, as it or he thinks fit, order either—

(a) that the whole proceedings he transferred to the

High Court; or

(b) that the whole proceedings be heard and determined in the county court; or

(c) that the proceedings on the counterclaim or set

off and counterclaim be transferred to the High

Court and that the proceedings on the plaintiff’s

claim and the defence thereto other than the

set off (if any) be heard and determined in the

county court:

Provided that, where an order is made under paragraph (c) of this subsection, and judgment on the claim is

given for the plaintiff, execution thereon shall, unless the

High Court or a judge thereof at any time otherwise orders,

be stayed until the proceedings transferred to the High

Court have been concluded.

(3) If no application is made under this section

within the prescribed time, or if on such an application

it is ordered that the whole proceedings be heard and

determined in the county court, the county court shall

have jurisdiction to hear and determine the whole

proceedings, notwithstanding any enactment to the

contrary.

(4) Section two hundred and three of the Supreme 15 & 16

Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which Geo. 5. c. 49.

deals with the jurisdiction of inferior courts over counterclaims) shall cease to have effect as respects proceedings

before a county court, and section two hundred and two

of that Act shall have effect in relation to a county

court as if a reference to this section were substituted

for a reference to the said section two hundred and three.

(5) Nothing in this section or in the provisions of this Act repealing the said section two hundred and

three shall affect any proceedings commenced in a

county court before this section comes into operation.

Admiralty Proceedings.

12.— (1) Section two of the Act of 1868 (which pro- Amendment

vides for the appointment of county courts for admiralty of a. 2

purposes) shall be amended as follows:— 31 & 32

(a) the powers conferred by the section shall be Vict- c - 71 •

exercised by the Lord Chancellor by order

64

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1934.

Jurisdiction

in Admiralty proceedings.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 60.

instead of by His Majesty in Council on the

representation of the Lord Chancellor;

(6) where an order is made under the section for

the discontinuance of the admiralty jurisdiction

of any county court, whether wholly or within

a part of the district assigned to it for admiralty

purposes, provision may be made in the order

with respect to any admiralty proceedings

commenced in that court before the order

comes into operation;

(c) an order made under the section (including an

Order in Council made thereunder before the

commencement of this Act) may be revoked as

well as varied by a subsequent order made

thereunder.

(2) In this Act the expression "admiralty proceedings" means proceedings in which the claim would not

be within the jurisdiction of a county court but for the

provisions of the said section two of the Act of 1868 and

the next following section of this Act, and the expression

" admiralty cause " in the Act of 1868 shall have the

same meaning.

13.—(1) An admiralty county court shall, in relation

to admiralty matters, have jurisdiction to hear and

determine any of the following claims :—

(a) any claim for damage received by a ship;

(b) any claim for damage done by a ship;

(c) any claim in the nature of salvage for services

rendered to a ship (including, subject to the

provisions of sections five hundred and forty-

four and five hundred and forty-five of the

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, services rendered

in saving life from a ship);

(d) any claim in the nature of towage;

(e) any claim for necessaries supplied to a foreign

ship, and, unless it is shown to the court

that at the time of the institution of the

proceedings any owner or part owner of the

ship was domiciled in England, any claim for

any necessaries supplied to a ship elsewhere

than in the port to which the ship belongs;

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

65

(f) subject to the provisions of sections one hundred

and sixty-five and one hundred and sixty-seven

of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, any claim

by a seaman of a ship for wages earned by him

on board the ship, whether due under a special

contract or otherwise, and any claim by the

master of a ship for wages earned by him on

board the ship and for disbursements made by

him on account of the ship;

(g) any claim—

(i) arising out of an agreement relating to

the use or hire of a ship; or

(ii) relating to the carriage of goods in a

ship; or

(iii) in tort in respect of goods carried in a

ship;

and the jurisdiction of the court to hear and determine

any claim mentioned in this subsection shall, save as

provided by paragraph (e) thereof, be exerciseable

wherever the owners or part owners of any ship in

respect of which the claim is brought may be domiciled.

Provided that, subject to the provisions of this

section, no county court shall have jurisdiction to hear and

determine any claim mentioned in this subsection for an

amount exceeding three hundred pounds, except in the

case of a claim in the nature of salvage where the value of the property saved does not exceed one thousand pounds.

(2) If, as respects any proceedings as to any such

claim as is herebefore in this section mentioned, the

parties agree, by a memorandum signed by them or by

their respective solicitors or agents, that any admiralty

county court specified in the memorandum shall have

jurisdiction in the proceedings, that court shall, notwithstanding anything in the proviso to the last foregoing

subsection, have jurisdiction to hear and determine the

proceedings accordingly.

(3) The provisions of this section which confer

admiralty jurisdiction in respect of claims for damage

shall be construed as extending to claims for loss of fife

or personal injuries.

(4) The jurisdiction conferred by this section may be

exercised either in proceedings in rem or in proceedings

in personam.

E

66 Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

' (5) Nothing in this section, or in the Act of 1868 or

any order made thereunder, shall be taken to confer on

a county court the jurisdiction of a prize court within the

meaning of the Naval Prize Acts, 1864 to 1916.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the jurisdiction of any county court to hear and determine

any proceedings in which it has jurisdiction by virtue of

sections fifty-six, fifty-seven or eighty-one of the principal

Act.

(7) In this section, unless the context otherwise

requires, the expression "ship " includes any description

of vessel whatsoever.

(8) The provisions of sections five hundred and

forty-seven, five hundred and forty-eight and five

himdred and forty-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act,

1894, shall cease to have effect as respects the summary

determination in a county court of disputes as to salvage.

Assessors in 14 .—(1)Section one hundred and three of the

admiralty principal Act (which provides for the appointment of

proceedings. agse ssors) shall apply to admiralty proceedings as it

applies to other proceedings in a county court, and

accordingly sections ten, eleven, fourteen, fifteen and

sixteen of the Act of 1868 and section five of the Act

of 1869 shall cease to have effect.

(2) Where, in any proceedings pending in a county

court at the date on which this section comes into

operation, any assessors have been summoned before

that date under the sections aforesaid of the Acts of

1868 and 1869, they shall be deemed to have been

summoned under section one hundred and three of the

principal Act.

Appeals in 15 . — (1)If any party to any admiralty proceedings

admiralty in a county court is dis-satisfied with the determination

proceedings. G f the judge on a question of fact, the party aggrieved

by the judgment or order of the judge may, subject to

the provisions of section one hundred and twenty-three

of the principal Act (which provides that no appeal shall

lie where the parties have agreed not to appeal), appeal

therefrom to the High Court:

Provided that, without the leave of the judge, there

shall be no appeal under this subsection unless the amount

claimed in the proceedings exceeds one hundred pounds.

1934. County Courts Ch. 17. 67

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

(2) Sections twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight,

thirty and thirty-one of the Act of 1868 shall cease to

have effect, but nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken to affect the right of any

party to any admiralty proceedings in a county court to

appeal to the High Court under section one hundred and

twenty of the principal Act and any such party may

appeal under that section in like manner, and subject

to the like conditions, as a party to an action of contract

or tort.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this

section or in the provisions of this Act repealing the

said sections of the Act of 1868 shall affect any proceedings commenced in a county court before this section

comes into operation.

(4) Section thirty-two of the Act of 1868 (which

provides for the transfer to the High Court of proceedings for the sale of a vessel or property on an

appeal to the High Court relating thereto) shall apply

to appeals under this section and to appeals in admiralty

proceedings under section one hundred and twenty of the principal Act as it applied to appeals under the

first-mentioned Act as originally enacted.

16 . —(1) In any action commenced in the High Transfer of

Court to which this section applies, any party may at admiralty

any time apply to the High Court or a judge thereof

for an order that the claim and counterclaim (if any) or, 0 o urt to g

if the only matter remaining to be tried is a counter- county

claim, the counterclaim, shall be transferred to an court,

admiralty county court, and the court or judge may

thereupon, if it or he thinks fit, order the claim and

counterclaim (if any) or, if the only matter remaining to

be tried is a counterclaim, the counterclaim, to be

transferred to any admiralty county court which the

court or judge may deem the most convenient to the

parties.

(2) This section applies to any action commenced

after this section comes into operation where the

plaintiff’s claim is any such claim as is mentioned in sub-

paragraph (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) or (xii) of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

and the amount claimed or remaining in dispute in respect

68

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1934.

Amendment

as to trial

by jury.

thereof does not exceed the amount by which the jurisdiction of an admiralty county court in respect of the

claim is limited—

(a) whether the action could or could not have been

commenced in a county court; and

(b) whether the defendant does or does not set up or

intend to rely on a counterclaim; and

(c) whether the counterclaim (if any), if it had been

a claim in an action, would or would not have

been within the jurisdiction of a county court.

(3) Where an action is transferred to a county court

under this section, any vessel or other property, which

has been arrested in the action before the transfer, shall,

notwithstanding the transfer, remain in the custody of the Admiralty Marshal who shall, subject to any

directions of the High Court, comply with any orders

made by the county court with respect to that vessel or

property.

(4) Section sixty-five of the principal Act shall cease

to apply to any action to which this section applies.

Mode of Trial.

17 . —(1) In all admiralty proceedings in a county

court the trial shall be without a jury, and in all other

proceedings in a county court the trial shall be without

a jury unless the court otherwise orders on an application

made in that behalf by any party to the proceedings in

such manner and within such time before the trial as

may be prescribed.

(2) In a case where the court is satisfied on any

such application—

(a) that a charge of fraud against the party making

the application is in issue; or

(b) that a claim in respect of libel, slander, malicious

prosecution, false imprisonment, seduction or

breach of promise of marriage is in issue;

the court shall order the proceedings to be tried with

a jury, unless the court is of opinion that the trial

requires any prolonged examination of documents or

accounts or any scientific or local investigation which

cannot conveniently be made with a jury.

1934. County Courts Ch. 17. 69

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

(3) In any other case the court on any such application may, as it thinks fit, either order the proceedings

to he tried with a jury or dismiss the application.

(4) Nothing in this section or in the provisions of this Act repealing section nineteen of the Administration 15 & ie

of Justice Act, 1925, shall affect any proceedings Geo. 5. c. 28.

commenced in a county court before this section comes

into operation.

18 . —(1) On the first occasion in any year on which Summoning

an order is made by a county court for the trial of any of jurors,

proceedings with a jury, the registrar of that court shall

obtain copies of the last published registers of electors

for all such registration units as are comprised in whole

or in part within the district of the court.

(2) For the purpose of complying with the order

aforesaid, and with any other order made by the court

during the same year for the trial of proceedings with

a jury, the registrar shall cause the prescribed number

of persons, being persons who are shown by the

registers aforesaid to be residing or occupying property

within the district of the court and who are marked in

those registers as jurors or special jurors in pursuance of

section one of the Juries Act, 1922, to be summoned to 12 & 13

attend on the jury at the time and place specified in the Geo. 5. c. 11 .

summons:

Provided that no person shall be summoned to attend

on a jury in the same county court more than twice in

the same year.

(3) A summons issued in pursuance of this section

may be served either by post or in such other manner as

may be prescribed.

(4) If any person duly summoned to attend on a

jury in a county court fails to attend at the time and

place mentioned in the summons, he shall forfeit such

sum not exceeding five pounds as the court may direct:

Provided that any person summoned as aforesaid to

attend on a jury shall be excused from attending on that

jury if he satisfies the court in the prescribed manner—

(a) that he has within the six months next before

the service of the summons attended on a jury

in some other court; or

(b) that there is any other good reason why he

should be excused from attending on the jury.

70

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Power of

registrar to

try cases by

consent.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 73.

Extension

of judge’s

power to

refer.

Rules as

to funds in

court.

(5) For the purpose of this section a notice requiring

a jury to be summoned, given to the registrar by a party

to any proceedings commenced in a county court before

the last foregoing section of this Act comes into operation, shall be treated as if it were an order of the court

for the trial of those proceedings with a jury.

19. Subsection (1) of section five of the County

Courts Act, 1919 (which provides that a registrar may,

on the application of the parties and by leave of the

judge, hear and determine any case in which the sum

claimed or the amount involved does not exceed five

pounds) shall have effect as if the words "ten pounds "

were substituted for the words "five pounds."

20. Notwithstanding anything in section six of the

County Courts Act, 1919, the judge shall have power,

whether with or without the consent of the parties, to

refer in accordance with the provisions of that section—

(a) any action or matter which requires any prolonged examination of documents or any scientific or local investigation which cannot, in the

opinion of the judge, conveniently be made

before him;

(b) any action or matter where the question in dispute

consists wholly or in part of matters of account;

(c) subject to any right to have particular cases

tried with a jury, any question arising in any

action or matter.

Financial Provisions.

21 .—(1) The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence

of the Treasury, may make rules (in this Act referred to

as " the County Court Funds Rules ") regulating the

deposit, payment, delivery and transfer in, into and out

of a county court of money and securities which belong

to suitors, or are otherwise capable of being deposited in

or paid or transferred into a county court or are under

the custody of a county court, and regulating the evidence

of such deposit, payment, delivery or transfer, and the

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

71

manner in which money and securities in court are to be

dealt with, and in particular—

(a) regulating the placing of money in court (with

such exceptions as may be prescribed) to

deposit accounts or investment accounts and

prescribing the rate of interest on money placed

to such accounts, so however that the rate

of interest on money placed to a deposit

account shall be equal to the rate of interest

for the time being payable on deposits in the

Post Office Savings Bank;

(b) requiring registrars to pay from time to time to

the Accountant-General of the Supreme Court

(in this Act referred to as " the Accountant-

General") all money in court which is not

required by them for meeting current demands,

and requiring the Accountant-General to pay to

the National Debt Commissioners (in this Act

referred to as "the Commissioners") all money

received by him under the rules which is not

required by him for meeting current demands;

(c) requiring the annual publication of lists of

accounts which have not been dealt with for

such period as may be prescribed (not being

less than fifteen years in the case of deposit

and investment accounts or five years in the

case of other accounts), and requiring the closing

of any account included in any such list if the

money standing to the credit of the account is

not claimed within such period after the publication of the list as may be prescribed;

(d) making provision as respects the matters specified

in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) The County Court Funds Rules shall not apply

to the Mayor’s and City of London Court, but the Lord

Chancellor may make separate rules for that court

(in this Act referred to as " the Mayor’s and City of

London Court Funds Rules ") regulating or making provision for any matter which may be regulated, or for

which provision may be made, by the County Court

Funds Rules, with the substitution of the Chamberlain

of the City of London for the Accountant-General and

the Commissioners.

72 Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

(3) Any rules made under this section shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be

after they are made and shall cease to have effect if

either House, within the next subsequent twenty-eight

days on which that House has sat after the date on

which the rules are laid before it, resolves that the

rules shall be annulled, but without prejudice to anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of new

rules.

(4) The Accountant-General and the Commissioners

shall keep such accounts of their transactions under the

County Court Funds Rules as the Treasury may direct,

and those accounts shall be examined from time to time

by the Comptroller and Auditor General, and copies of the accounts certified by the Comptroller and Auditor

General, together with his report thereon, shall be laid by

the Lord Chancellor before both Houses of Parliament.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 19.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 84.

(5) The following enactments shall have effect as if

references to rules of court or county court rules included

references to the County Court Funds Rules or the

Mayor’s and City of London Court Funds Rules, as the

case may be, that is to say, section sixty-three of the

Trustee Act, 1925, paragraphs 1 and 3 of the Second

Schedule to the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925,

and subsection (1) of section two hundred and five of the

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(6) In this section and the Third Schedule to this Act, the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

the County Court Funds Rules, and the expressions

" money in court " and " securities in court " mean

money or securities, as the ease may be, deposited, paid,

delivered or transferred in or into a county court in

pursuance of the principal Act or any other Act or in

pursuance of county court rules.

(7) The following enactments shall cease to have

effect, that is to say, sections seventy-one and one

hundred and seventy-three of the principal Act, the

63 & 64 County Courts (Investment) Act, 1900, paragraphs 4, 5, 6

Vict. c. 47. and 7 of the Second Schedule to the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, and subsections (3) and (5) of section

two hundred and five of the Supreme Court of Judicature

(Consolidation) Act, 1925:

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

73

Provided that, if this section comes into operation

after the end of the month of February in any. year,

section one hundred and seventy-three of the principal

Act shall not cease to have effect until the first day of

January next following the date on which this section

comes into operation.

22.—(1) If the Lord Chancellor, whether on a

representation made to him by any person interested or

not, certifies that the Accountant-General—

(a) has failed to pay any money received by him

under the County Court Funds Rules, or to

transfer or deliver any securities vested in him

under those rules whether solely or jointly

with any other person, being money or securities

required by any order of a county court to be

paid, transferred or delivered by him; or

(b) has been guilty of any default with respect to

any such money or securities;

the Treasury shall cause to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such

sum as may be certified by the Lord Chancellor to

be necessary for the purpose of paying the money so

required to be paid, or of replacing the securities so

required to be transferred or delivered, or of making

good such default.

(2) If at any time the money in the hands of the

Commissioners under the County Court Funds Rules is

insufficient to pay any amount payable by them in

pursuance of those rules, the Treasury shall either direct

the Commissioners to realise a sufficient portion of the

securities purchased by them under the rules and to

apply the proceeds of such realisation in paying the

amount so payable by them, or cause the required sum

to be issued to the Commissioners out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(3) If in any year the aggregate sum received by the

Commissioners by way of interest on the money invested

by them under the County Court Funds Rules exceeds

the aggregate amount of the interest due to be paid or

credited in respect of that year on money placed to deposit

Liability of

Consolidated Fund

for funds in

court and

provision as

to dormant

funds.

74

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Accounts of

registrar

and duties

as to fees,

&c. collected

by him.

and investment accounts, the surplus, or such part thereof

as the Treasury may direct, shall either be paid into the

Exchequer or be applied as an appropriation in aid of the

moneys provided by Parliament for the salaries and

expenses connected with the county courts, and if in any

year the said sum is less than the said amount, the deficiency shall, if not otherwise provided for, be made good

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof.

(4) All moneys standing to the credit of accounts

which are closed in pursuance of the County Court

Funds Rules shall be paid to the Commissioners and

applied by them in redemption of debt:

Provided that where, after any account has been

closed as aforesaid, any person proves to the satisfaction

of the court on behalf of which the account was kept

that, if the account had not been closed, he would have

been entitled to the money standing to the credit of the

account or any part thereof, the court shall make an order

for the payment to that person of the money to which he

would have been entitled, together (if the court so directs)

with all or any part of the interest on that money which

would have been credited to the account if the account

had not been closed, and the amount required to comply

with the order of the court shall, if not otherwise provided

for, be paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing

produce thereof to the Accountant-General.

23.—(1) A registrar shall, in addition to the

accounts required to be kept by him under the County

Court Funds Rides, keep such accounts as the Lord

Chancellor, after consultation with the Treasury, may

direct, and all accounts kept by a registrar shall be

audited at such times and in such maimer as the Lord

Chancellor, after consultation as aforesaid, may direct.

(2) All fees, fines, penalties and forfeitures paid

to a registrar under the principal Act or any other Act

shall be dealt with by him in such manner as the Lord

Chancellor, after consultation with the Treasury, may

direct.

(3) This section shall not apply to the registrar of the Mayor’s and City of London Court.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

75

Provisions as to Solicitors.

24. Such of the provisions of section one hundred

and eighteen of the principal Act as relate to the taxation

of costs and charges between solicitor and client shall

cease to have effect, and the remuneration of a solicitor

in respect of contentious business done by him in a county

court shall be regulated in accordance with the provisions

of sections fifty-nine to seventy of the Solicitors Act, 1932,

and for that purpose those sections shall have effect

subject to the following provisions :—

(a) for the purpose of paragraph (i) of subsection (9)

of section sixty a county court shall be deemed

to be a court having jurisdiction to enforce and

set aside agreements;

Remuneration of

solicitors

for contentious

business

done in

county

court.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 37.

(6) a county court shall have the same jurisdiction

as the High Court to make orders for the

delivery by a solicitor of a bill of costs and for

the delivery up of, or otherwise in relation to,

any deeds, documents or papers in his possession,

custody or power, in cases where the bill of

costs, deeds, documents or papers relate wholly

or partly to contentious business done by the

solicitor in that county court;

(c) where a bill of costs relates wholly or partly

to contentious business done in a county court

and the amount of the bill does not exceed

one hundred pounds, the powers and duties of the High Court relating thereto under sections

sixty-five, sixty-six and sixty-seven may be

exercised and performed by a county court in

which any of the business was done;

(d) the registrar of a county court shall be the

taxing officer of that court but any taxation

of costs by him may be reviewed by the judge on

the application of any party thereto;

(e) on the taxation of any costs or bill of costs,

the amount which may be allowed in respect of

any item relating to proceedings in a county

court shall not exceed the amount which could

have been allowed in respect of that item as

between party and party in those proceedings.

76

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

having regard to the nature of the proceedings

and the amount of the claim and counterclaim

(if any) therein.

Miscellane- 25.—(1) No roll of solicitors shall be kept in a county

ous provi- court and a person qualified to act as a solicitor may

solid tors^° P rac ce a county court notwithstanding that no such

so ci ors. ro u . g therein and notwithstanding anything in

section forty-four of the Solicitors Act, 1932.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section seventy-two

of the principal Act, a county court may refuse to hear

a person claiming to address the court as a solicitor unless

that person has signed and delivered to the court a

statement of his name and place of business and the name

of the firm (if any) of which he is a member.

(3) A county court shall have the same power to

enforce an undertaking given by a solicitor in relation

to any proceedings in that court as the High Court has

to enforce an undertaking so given in relation to any

proceedings in the High Court.

Miscellaneous and General.

Payment of 26. Notwithstanding anything in section one hun-

money pay- dred and five of the principal Act, where a judgment is

able under m Ven or an order is made by a county court under which

or order of a sum mone y of any amount is payable, whether by

court. way of satisfaction of the claim or counterclaim in the

proceedings or by way of costs or otherwise, the court

may, as it thinks fit, order the money to be paid either—

(a) in one sum, whether forthwith or within such

period as the court may fix; or

(b) by such instalments payable at such times as

the court may fix.

Amendment of

e. 158 of

principal

Act.

27.—(1) In section one hundred and fifty-eight of the principal Act (which provides for the execution of

- orders of commitment out of the jurisdiction of the

court) the expression "order of commitment " shall be

construed as including any order or warrant for the

committal of any person to prison, whether issued in

pursuance of the principal Act or any other Act or of

county court rules:

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

77

Provided that in the case of a warrant of attachment

the said section shall have effect subject to the following

modification, namely, that where the person, in respect

of whom the warrant of attachment js issued, is apprehended in pursuance of the section, he shall be kept in

the prison to which he is conveyed until further order of the court by which the warrant of attachment was

ordered to be issued.

(2) Where a warrant of execution, or an order of

commitment under the Debtors Act, 1869, is sent by the

registrar of one county court to the registrar of another

county court for execution under the provisions of the

said section one hundred and fifty-eight, the judge of

that other court shall have the same power of staying

or suspending the execution as respects any goods

and chattels within the jurisdiction of that other court

or of ordering the discharge of the debtor, as the case may

be, under section one hundred and fifty-three of the

principal Act, as the judge of the first-mentioned court.

28 . — (1)The power, under section twenty-four of the Act of 1868 and section one hundred and eighty-three

of the principal Act, of prescribing that certain judgments,

decrees and orders are to be registered shall be exercised

by the Lord Chancellor by regulations instead of being

exercised by county court rules.

(2) The power conferred upon the Lord Chancellor

by the said section one hundred and eighty-three to make

regulations as to the keeping of the register of judgments,

decrees and orders shall include power to make provision

by the regulations—

(a) for exempting from registration any judgment

or order which is proved, in such manner and

within such time as may be prescribed by the

regulations, to have been satisfied or complied

with either wholly or to such an extent that the

sum (if any) owing in respect thereof is less than

ten pounds; and

(b) for cancelling the registration of any judgment

or order which is proved in manner aforesaid to

have been wholly satisfied or complied with.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 62.

Registration of

judgments

and orders.

78

Minor

amendments.

Amendment

as to rules of

court.

Penalty for

representing

document

Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

29. The amendments specified in the second column

of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, being minor amendments of enactments relating to county courts which

it is expedient to consolidate, shall be made in the provisions of those enactments specified in the first column

of that Schedule.

30 . —(1) The power to make rules under section one

hundred and sixty-four of the principal Act shall, without

prejudice to the generality of the provisions of that

section, extend to—

(a) prescribing the court in which proceedings are to

be commenced and the procedure to be adopted

where proceedings are commenced in one court

which should under the rules have been commenced in another court;

(b) prescribing the circumstances in which proceedings may be transferred from one court to

another and the procedure consequent on any

such transfer;

(c) regulating or making provision for any matters

which were regulated or provided for by the

county court rules in force at the passing of this Act;

(d) regulating or providing for any other matter

which was regulated or provided for before the

commencement of this Act by such of the

provisions of the enactments set out in Part III

of the Fifth Schedule to this Act as are mentioned in the third column of that Part of that

Schedule.

(2) The rules made under paragraphs (a) and (b)

of the last foregoing subsection may make different

provision as respects different kinds of proceedings

and may make special provision as respects proceedings

in courts for districts in or adjacent to the County of

London and as respects proceedings by or against judges

-and officers of the courts.

31 . — (1)It shall not be lawful to deliver or cause

to be delivered to any person any document which,

not having been issued under the authority of a county

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

79

court, has, by reason of its form or contents or both, the to have

appearance of having been issued under such authority, been issued

from county

(2) If any person contravenes the provisions of this court,

section, he shall for each offence be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the provisions of section one hundred and eightjr of the

principal Act.

32. —(1) For the definition of the expressions Amendment

" court " and " county court " in section one hundred of s. 186 of

and eighty-six of the principal Act, the following provision principal

shall be substituted, — Act ‘

" ‘ Court’and ‘ county court’mean any court held

for a district under this Act, and any jurisdiction

and powers conferred on any such court by this

or any other Act may be exercised by any judge

of the court or by any deputy of any such judge

or, to the extent authorised by this or any other

Act or by county court rules, by any registrar

of the court or any person authorised as aforesaid to perform the functions of the registrar

of the court."

(2) At the end of the said section one hundred and

eighty-six the following definition shall be inserted, —

" ‘ Officer’in relation to a court, means any

registrar, deputy registrar, or assistant registrar of that court, and any clerk, bailiff, usher

or messenger in the service of that court."

(3) The words " or any future Act relating to county

courts " in the said section one hundred and eighty-six

shall cease to have effect.

33. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpreta-

requires, the following expressions have the meanings tion.

hereby respectively assigned to them, —

"The principal Act" means the County Courts 51 &52Viet.

Act, 1888; c. 43.

"The Act of 1868" means the County Courts 31 &32Viet.

Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868, and " the 71.

Act of 1869" means the County Courts Ad- 32 & 33 Vict.

miralty Jurisdiction Amendment Act, 1869; c - 51 •

80 Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

" Admiralty county court" means a county court

appointed to have admiralty jurisdiction under

the Act of 1868;

" County court rules" means rules made under

section one hundred and sixty-four of the

principal Act;

" Hearing " includes trial, and the expression

" heard " shall be construed accordingly;

" Proceedings" means actions and matters.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

a reference to any enactment shall be construed as a

reference to that enactment as amended by any other

enactment, including this Act.

Repeals. 34. — (1) The enactments set out in Part I of the

Fifth Schedule to this Act, being enactments which to

the extent specified in the third column of that Part

of that Schedule should be repealed in view of the

foregoing provisions of this Act, are hereby repealed

to the extent so specified:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect

subject to the foregoing provisions of this Act relating to

section one hundred and seventy-three of the principal

Act.

(2) The enactments set out in Part II of the said

Fifth Schedule, being enactments which, to the extent

specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule,

have by lapse of time or otherwise become obsolete or

unnecessary and which should be repealed with a view

to the consolidation of enactments relating to county

courts, are hereby repealed to the extent so specified.

(3) The enactments set out in Part III of the said

Fifth Schedule, being enactments which, to the extent

specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule,

regulate or provide for matters which, by virtue of the

provisions of this Act and otherwise, it is lawful and

expedient for county court rules to regulate or provide

-for, are hereby repealed to the extent so specified.

35.—(1) This Act may be cited as the County

Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, and shall be construed

as one with the County Courts Acts, 1888 to 1924, and

this Act and those Acts may be cited together as the

County Courts Acts, 1888 to 1934.

Short title,

saving,

construction,

extent and

commencement.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

81

(2) Nothing in any provision of this Act shall restrict

the jurisdiction of a county court to hear and determine

any proceedings commenced in the court before that

provision comes into operation.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

(4) The provisions of this Act shall come into operation on such date as His Majesty in Council may appoint,

and different days may be appointed for different purposes

and different provisions of this Act.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Forfeiture for Non-Payment of section 6.

Rent.

1. Where a lessor is proceeding by action in a county court

(being an action in which a county court has jurisdiction) to

enforce against a lessee a right of re-entry or forfeiture in respect

of any land for non-payment of rent, the following provisions shall

have effect:—•

(a) If the lessee pays into court not less than five clear days

before the return day all the rent in arrear and the costs

of the action, the action shall cease, end the lessee

shall hold the land according to the lease without any

new lease;

(b) If the action does not cease as aforesaid and the court

at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture, the court shall

order possession of the land to be given to the lessor

at the expiration of such period, not being less than

four weeks from the date of the order, as the court

thinks fit, unless within that period the lessee pays into

court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the

action;

F

82

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 6.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

1st Sch.

— cont.

(c) If, within the period specified in the order, the lessee

pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the

action, he shall hold the land according to the lease

without any new lease, but if the lessee does not, within

the said period, pay into court all the rent in arrear

and the costs of the action, the order shall be enforced

in the prescribed manner, and so long as the order remains

unreversed, the lessee shall be barred from all relief:

Provided that, where the lessor is proceeding in the same

action to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture on any other

ground as well as for non-payment of rent, or to enforce any other

claim as well as the right of re-entry or forfeiture and the claim

for arrears of rent, sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph shall

not apply, and nothing in this paragraph shall be taken to affect

the power of the court to make any order which it would otherwise

have pow er to make as respects the right of re-entry or forfeiture

on that other ground.

2. Where any such action as aforesaid is brought in a county

court and, at the time of the commencement of the action, one-half

year's rent is in arrear and the lessor has a right to re-enter for

non-payment thereof and no sufficient distress is to be found on

the premises countervailing the arrears then due, the service

of the summons in the action in the prescribed manner shall

stand in lieu of a demand and re-entry.

3. Where a lessor has enforced against a lessee, by

re-entry without action, a right of re-entry or forfeiture as

respects any land for non-payment of rent, the lessee may,

if neither the annual value of the land nor the annual rent

payable in respect thereof exceeds one hundred pounds, at any

time within six months from the date on which the lessor

re-entered apply to the county court for relief, and on any such

application the court may, if it thinks fit, grant to the lessee

such relief as the High Court could have granted.

4. Nothing in this Schedule shall be taken to affect the provisions of subsection (4) of section one hundred and forty-six of the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which empowers the Court to

give certain relief to under-lessees).

5. Subsection (5) of the said section one hundred and forty-

six (w r hich defines the expressions " lessee " and " lessor " and

certain other expressions) shall apply for the purpose of this

Schedule as it applies for the purpose of that section.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

83

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Extent of Jurisdiction of Court under certain

Enactments.

Enactment. Limit of jurisdiction.

The Law of Property Act,

1922-

Subsection (1) of section one

hundred and twenty-nine,

paragraph (v) of subsection

(1) of section one hundred

and thirty-nine, and paragraphs (6) and (8) of the

Twelfth Schedule.

Section one hundred and

thirty-two.

The Trustee Act, 1925—

Subsection (1) of section

forty-one, sections forty-

two, fifty-one, fifty-seven,

sixty, sixty-one and sixty-

two.

Sections forty-four, forty-

five, and forty-six.

Sections forty-seven and

forty-eight.

Sections fifty and fifty-six. -

In a case where the land

which is to be dealt with in

the court does not exceed in

capital value five hundred

pounds or in annual rateable

value thirty pounds.

In a case where the lord is

proceeding by action in the

court to enforce the right of

forfeiture. -

In a case where the trust estate

or fund to be dealt with in

the court does not exceed in

amount or value five hundred

pounds.

In a ease where the land or the

interest or contingent right in

land which is to be dealt with

in the court forms part of a

trust estate which does not

exceed in amount or value

five hundred pounds.

In a case where the judgment

is given or order is made by

the court.

In a case where a vesting

order can be made by the

court.

Section fifty-three. - - In a case where the amount

or value of the property to

be dealt with in the court

does not exceed five hundred

pounds.

Section fifty-nine. - - In the case of any proceedings

before the court.

Section 7.

84

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

2nd Sch.

— font.

Enactment.

Limit of jurisdiction.

The Trustee Act, 1925— cont.

Section sixty three.

The Law of Property Act,

1925-

Subsections (4) and (5) of section three, sections thirty,

forty-nine, and sixty-six,

proviso (iii) to paragraph 3

of Part III of the First

Schedule, and proviso (v)

to sub-paragraph (3) and

provisos (iii) and (iv) to

sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 1 of Part IV of the

First Schedule.

Subsection (1) of section

eighty-nine, subsection (1)

of section ninety, and sections ninety-one and

ninety-two.

The proviso to subsection (1)

of section one hundred and

thirty-six.

Section one hundred and

forty-six.

Section one hundred and

forty-seven.

In a case where the money or

securities to be paid into court

do not exceed in amount or

value five hundred pounds.

In a case where the land which

is to be dealt with in the court

does not exceed in capital

value five hundred pounds

or in annual -rateable value

thirty pounds.

In a case where the amount

owing in respect of the mortgage or charge at the date of the commencement of the

proceedings does not exceed

five hundred pounds.

In a case where the amount or

value of the debt or thing in

action does not exceed one

hundred pounds.

In a case where the lessor is

proceeding by action in the

court to enforce the right of

entry or forfeiture, or, if the

lessor is proceeding to enforce

the said right otherwise than

by action, in a case where

neither the rent nor the value

of the property comprised in

the lease exceeds the sum of

one hundred pounds by the

year.

In a case where neither the

rent nor the value of the

house or other building exceeds the sum of one hundred

pounds by the year.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

85

Enactment. Limit of jurisdiction. 2nd Sch.

_ _ — com.

The Law op Property Act,

1925— cont.

Sections one hundred and In a case where the amount

sixty-nine, one hundred or value of the property or

and eighty-one and one of the interest in the property

hundred and eighty-eight. which is to be dealt with in

the court does not exceed

five hundred pounds.

The Land Charges Act, 1925—

Subsection (6) of section two. In a case where the action was

brought or the petition in

bankruptcy was filed in the

court.

Subsection (5) of section six. In a case where the order

affecting land has been made

by the court.

Subsection (3) of section eight. In a case where an application

under section twenty-three of the Deeds of Arrangement

Act, 1914, could be entertained by the court.

Subsection (8) of section ten. In a case where the land charge

is within one of the following

classes specified in the said

section ten, viz.. Class C (i),

C (ii), or D (i), if the amount

does not exceed five hundred

pounds.

In a case where the land

charge is within Class C (iii), if

the charge is for a specified

capital sum of money not

exceeding five hundred

pounds, or, where the charge

is not for a specified capital

sum, if the land affected does

not exceed in capital value

five hundred pounds or in

annual rateable value thirty

pounds.

Subsection (8) of section ten. In a case where the land charge

is within one of the following

classes specified in the said

section ten, viz., Class A,

Class B, Class C(iv), Class D(ii),

Class D (iii) or Class E, if the

86

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section 21.

Enactment.

Limit of Jurisdiction.

The Land Charges Act, 1925— cont .

Subsection (8) of section ten— land affected does not exceed

cont. in capital value five hundred

pounds or in annual rateable

value thirty pounds.

The Administration of Estates Act, 1925—

Subsection (2) of section

thirty-eight, proviso (ii) to

subsection (1) of section

forty-one, and subsection

(2) of section forty-three.

Section seventeen.

In a case where the estate in

respect of which the application is made does not exceed

in amount or value five

hundred pounds.

In a case where the legal proceeding is pending in the

court.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Matters as respects which Provision may be made

by County Court Funds Rules.

1. The investment of money paid to the Commissioners

under the rules and (subject to the provisions of this Act) the

manner in which the interest received by the Commissioners on

money so invested is to be dealt with.

2. The payment or crediting of interest on money placed

to deposit accounts and investment accounts respectively.

3. The smallest amount which is to be placed to an investment

account (unless ordered by the court to be invested notwithstanding the smallness of the amount); the smallest amount which is

to be placed to, or remain in, a deposit account; the smallest

amount of money placed to a deposit account on which interest

is to be credited.

4. The time at which money in court is to be placed to a

deposit account or investment account and on which interest on

money placed to any such account is to begin and cease, and the

mode of computing any such interest.

5. The circumstances in which interest on money placed to

a deposit or investment account, or interest on any securities in

court, is to be placed to a deposit account or an investment

account.

6. The manner in which money is to be furnished to registrars

by the Accountant-General, and to the Accountant-General

by the Commissioners, for the purpose of enabling registrars and

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

87

the Accountant-General to comply with orders of court as to the 3 rd Sch.

payment of money out of court. — cont.

7. The accounts to be kept by registrars for the purposes

of the rules.

8. The vesting of money and securities in court in the holders

of such offices as may be prescribed and their successors in office

without any conveyance, assignment or transfer.

9. The discharge of the functions of the Accountant-General

under the rules by deputy.

10. The manner in which money or securities in court before

the rules come into operation are to be dealt with and the transition to the provisions of the rules from the provisions of the

enactments mentioned in subsection (7) of the section of this Act which refers to this Schedule.

11. Such matters as are incidental to or consequential on the

foregoing provisions of this Schedule or the provisions of subsection (1) of the section of this Act which refers to this Schedule

or are necessary for giving effect to "those provisions.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. section 29.

Minor Amendments.

Enactment. Amendment.

The County Courts

Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868.

Section 22 - - After the words "there shall " there

shall be inserted the words "notwithstanding anything in section two

hundred and two of the Supreme

Court of Judicature (Consolidation)

Act, 1925."

The County Courts

(Buildings) Act, 1870.

Section 4 After the words "Commissioners of

Works, " there shall be inserted the

words " on the representation of the

Lord Chancellor made, " and the

words " and give such directions to

" the Registrar of each court with

" regard to the hiring and dismissing

" of servants as shall seem fit " shall

cease to have effect.

88

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Enactment.

Amendment.

The Bankruptcy Act,

1883.

Section 42

Section 122 -

The County Courts Act,

1888.

Section 1 - -

Section 10

Section 13

References to the commencement of the bankruptcy shall be construed as

references to the date of the making

of an order for the administration

of the estate of a debtor under

section one hundred and twenty-two

of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883; references to the bankrupt shall be

construed as references to the debtor;

and references to the bankruptcy

shall be construed as references to

the order aforesaid.

There shall be inserted at the beginning

of subs. (5) the words "Subject to

the provisions of subsection (4) of

" this section and of section forty-

" two of this Act, " and there shall

be inserted after the w ords " county

court, " where those words first occur,

the words "or which has been

scheduled to the order."

The following subsection shall be inserted at the end of the section :—

" (2) This Act shall not extend to

Scotland or Northern Ireland."

For the words "his powers w here the

" defendant does not appear or ad-

" mits the debt " there shall be

substituted the words "any powers

" which he is authorised to exercise

" by or under this Act or any other

" enactment."

For the words "to remove any judge

" from all or any of the districts of

" which he is judge for the purpose

" of appointing him to any other

" district or districts " there shall be

substituted the words "to direct

" that any judge shall cease to be

" the judge of any district or

" shall be transferred from all or any

" of the districts of which he is

" judge to any other district or

" districts."

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

89

Enactment.

The County Courts Act,

1888— cont.

Section 23 For the words "the Treasury " where

they first occur there shall be substituted the words "the Lord Chancellor, " and for the words "the

" Treasury shall in each case with

" the concurrence of the Lord Chan-

" cellor " there shall be substituted

the words "the Lord Chancellor

" shall in each case with the ap-

" proval of the Treasury."

Section 28 - For the words from the beginning of the section to the words "seal of the

court and" there shall be substituted

the words "The registrar of every

" court shall keep or cause to be kept

" such records of and in relation to

" proceedings in the court as the

" Lord Chancellor may by regula-

" tions direct, and any entry in a

" book or other document required

" by the regulations to be kept for

" the purposes of this section, or a

" copy thereof."

Section 31 - - References to the death or removal of

a registrar shall be construed as

including references to the vacation

of office by a registrar from any

cause whatsoever; and for the words

" a rateable proportion of the salary

attached to the office of registrar"

there shall be substituted the words

" such remuneration as the Lord

" Chancellor may, with the approval

" of the Treasury, direct."

Section 32 References to the death or removal of

a registrar shall be construed as

including references to the vacation

of office by a registrar from any

cause whatsoever; after the words

" duties of registrar " there shall be

inserted the words "and may at

" his pleasure remove any person so

" appointed "; and for the words

" a rateable proportion of the salary

attached to the office of registrar "

Amendment.

4th Sch.

— cont.

90

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Enactment.

Amendment.

The County Courts Act,

1888— cont.

Section 32— cont.

Section 40

Section 41

Section 48

Section 50

Section 51

Section 54

Section 60

there shall be substituted the words

" such remuneration as the Lord

" Chancellor may, with the approval

" of the Treasury, direct."

For the words "The treasurer, regis-

" trar and high bailiff of every

" court who may receive any moneys

" in the execution of his duty " there

shall be substituted the words "Every

" registrar other than a whole-time

" registrar within the meaning of the

" County Courts Act, 1924, and

" every high bailiff."

The words " registrar, treasurer, high

bailiff or other " in both places

where they occur shall cease to

have effect, and for the words

" forfeit and pay the sum of fifty

" pounds to any person who shall

" sue for the same by action of

" debt " there shall be substituted

the words "be liable on summary

" conviction to a fine not exceeding

" fifty pounds."

The words " or bailiff " shall cease to

have effect.

The words " registrar, bailiff or " shall

cease to have effect in both places

where they occur.

The words " treasurer, registrar, bailiff

or other " shall cease to have effect,

and for the words "a treasurer,

registrar or high bailiff " there shall

be substituted the words "an officer

appointed by the Lord Chancellor."

For the words "compliance therewith "

there shall be substituted the words

" failure to comply therewith."

For the word "judge " there shall be

substituted the word "court ";

after the word "action " there shall

be inserted the words "which would

" otherwise be within the jurisdiction

" of the court, and " and the word

" reserved " shall cease to have effect.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

91

Enactment. Amendment. 4 th Sch.

- - - — cont.

The County Counts Act,

1888— card.

Section 02 For the words from " all proceedings

in the court " to the end of the

section there shall be substituted

the words "the action shall be

transferred to the High Court."

Section 63 There shall be inserted at the end of the section the words "or any other

court in England."

Section 64 There shall be inserted after the word

" assigned " the words "for the

time being "; the words "the judge

of" shall cease to have effect; and

for the word "judge " where that

word secondly occurs there shall be

substituted the word "court."

Section 72 - For the word "judge " in the first

and second places where it occurs

there shall be substituted the word

" court."

Section 78 - - For the words from " shall incur " to

the end of the section there shall be

substituted the words "shall be

" liable on conviction on indictment

" to imprisonment for any term not

" exceeding two years or on sum-

" mary conviction to imprison-

" ment for a term not exceeding

" six months or to a fine not ex-

" ceeding fifty pounds, or to both

" such imprisonment and fine."

Section 83 The following section shall be substituted :—

" An affidavit to be used in a

county court may be sworn before

any justice of the peace, or before

the judge or registrar of any court,

or before an officer of any court

being an officer appointed by the

judge of that court for the purpose,

as well as before any person

authorised to take affidavits under

the Commissioners for Oaths Acts,

1889 to 1891, and an affidavit

92

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Amendment.

The County Courts Act,

1888— cont.

Section 83— cont. sworn before a judge or registrar

or before any such officer as

aforesaid may be sworn without

the payment of any fee.

Section 93 For the words "except as in this Act

provided " there shall be substituted the words "except as pro-

" vided by this Act or county court

* " rules."

Section 94 For the word "judge " there shall be

substituted the word "court."

Section 100 - - After the word "actions " there shall

be inserted the words "or matters."

Section 104 - - After the word "action " in both

places where that word occurs there

shall be inserted the words "or

matter."

Section 111 - - For the words from the beginning of the section to the word "allowances "

there shall be substituted the words

" Every person duly summoned as

" a witness to whom at the same

" time such sum in respect of his

" expenses (including in such cases

" as may be prescribed compensa-

" tion for loss of time) as may be

" prescribed for the purposes of this

" section shall have been paid or

" tendered."

Section 115 - - The section shall cease to have effect.

Section 121 - - For the words "at the expense of"

there shall be substituted the words

" on the application of and on

" payment of the fee prescribed

" under section one hundred and

" sixty-five of this Act by " and

the words "or allow a copy to

" be taken of the same by or on

" behalf of such person or persons "

shall cease to have effect.

4th Sch.

— cont .

Enactment.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

93

Enactment. Amendment. 4 th Sch.

_ _ — cant.

The County Courts Act,

1888— cont.

Section 126 - - The words " under the provisions of this Act " shall cease to have effect.

Section 137 - - For the words "unless the replevisor

" shall discontinue or shall not

" prosecute such action or shall

" become nonsuit therein " there

shall be substituted the words "un-

" less the action is discontinued or

" dismissed for want of prosecution."

Section 151 - - For the words "exclusive of costs "

there shall be substituted the words

" whether by way of satisfaction of

"a claim or counterclaim or by way

" of costs or otherwise."

Section 157 - - For the words "in any court " there

shall be substituted the words "in

any county court or other court."

Section 160 - - After the words "rent thereof " there

shall be inserted the words "in

arrear at the date of such taking ":

for the word "poundage " there

shall be substituted the word "fees."

Section 161 - - For the words from the beginning of the section to " any court " there

shall be substituted the words

" Whenever any order or warrant

" for the committal of any person

" to prison shall have been made by

" a county court, whether in pur-

" suance of this or any other Act

" or of county court rules, the

" order or warrant shall be directed

" to the high baihff of the court."

Section 162 - - The words from " and in default of

payment " to the end of the

section shall cease to have effect.

Section 163 - For the words "either for contempt or

" in pursuance of the Debtors Act,

" 1869 " there shall be substituted

the words "in pursuance of this or

" any other Act or of county court

" rules."

94 Ch. 17. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1934.

4th Soh. Enactment. Amendment.

— cont. _ _

The County Courts Act,

1888— cont.

Section 166 - - The following section shall be substituted—

" (1) In default of the payment

of any fees as provided by the

fees orders for the time being

in force, payment thereof shall be

enforced by order of the court

in like manner as payment of any

debt adjudged by the court to be

paid.

(2) A copy of the fees orders for

the time being in force shall be

posted in some conspicuous place

in every courthouse and registrar’s

office.

(3) In this section the expression fees orders’means orders

made under the last foregoing

section of this Act."

Section 175 - - The words " or other person " shall

cease to have effect.

The Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894.

Section 555 - - After the word "agreement " there

shall be inserted the words "or

by a county court in England."

The County Court

Judges (Retirement,

Pensions and Deputies Act), 1919.

Section 4 - - In subsection (1) for the words "the

" Treasury may on the recommenda-

" tion of the Lord Chancellor " there

shall be substituted the words "the

" Lord Chancellor may with the

" approval of the Treasury."

The County Courts Act,

1919.

Section 4 - - In subsection (1) the words "under any

" of the provisions of the principal

" Act or this Act " shall cease to

have effect.

1934. County Courts Ch. 17. 95

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Enactment. Amendment. 4th Sch,

_ _ —c ont.

The County Courts Act,

1924.

Section 3 For the purpose of subsection (4)

assistant registrars shall be deemed

not to be included in the expression

" officers."

The Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Section 33 - In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) for

the words "otherwise than sum-

" marily in manner provided by

" section five hundred and forty-

" seven of the Merchant Shipping

" Act, 1894 " there shall be substituted the words "otherwise than

in a county court."

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Sections 30

and 34»

Enactments Repealed.

Part I.

Repeals Consequential on Provisions of Act.

Session and

Chapter.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 71.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

The County Courts

Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868.

Sections three, four, seven, ten,

eleven, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen,

twenty - six, twenty - seven,

twenty - eight, thirty and

thirty-one.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 51.

The County Courts Sections two, three, four and

Admiralty Juris- five,

diction Amendment Act, 1869.

96

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

5th Sch.

— writ.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

33 & 34 Vict,

c. 15.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

The County Court

(Buildings) Act,

1870.

The County Courts

Act, 1888.

In section four the words "and

" give such direction to the

" registrar of each court with

" regard to the hiring and dis-

" missing of servants as shall

" seem fit."

In section four the words from

" Any such order " to the end of the section; section five; in

section eight the words from

" Provided that " to " the said

duchy "; in section fifteen the

words " or the chancellor of the

duchy of Lancaster (as the case

may be) " and the words "by

them respectively "; in section

eighteen the words "or the

chancellor of the duchy (as the

case may be) " and the words

" or chancellor of the duchy

(as the case may be) "; in

section twenty-one the words

" or the chancellor of the duchy

" of Lancaster (as the case may

" be) "; in section twenty-

seven the words "or the chan-

" cellor of the duchy of Lan-

" caster (as the case may be) "

and the words "or chancellor

of the duchy "; in section

forty-one, the words "regis-

" trar, treasurer, high bailiff

" or other " in both places

where they occur; in section

forty-eight, the words "or

bailiff in section fifty, the

words " registrar, bailiff or " in

both places where they occur;

in section fifty-one, the words

" treasurer, registrar, bailiff or

other "; in section fifty-nine

the words from " and thereupon " to the end of the

section; in section sixty the

word " reserved "; section

sixty-one; in section sixty-four

the words "the judge of ";

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

97

Session and

Chapter.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43— cont.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

The County Courts

Act, 1888— cont.

paragraph 5 of section sixty-

seven; sections sixty-eight, sixty-

nine, seventy and seventy-one;

in section one hundred and two

the words from the beginning of the section to " before the delivery of such summons"; in section one hundred and eleven the

words from " and the remainder

thereof " to the end of the section; sections one hundred and

fourteen and one hundred and

fifteen; in section one hundred

and eighteen the words from

" All costs and charges between

solicitor and client " to the

end of the section; in section

one hundred and twenty the

words " nor in any action for the

" recovery of tenements where

" the yearly rent or value of

" the premises does not exceed

" twenty pounds "; in section

one hundred and twenty-one

the words "or allow a copy to

" be taken of the same by or

" on behalf of such person or

" persons "; in section one hundred and twenty-six, the words

" under the provisions of this Act "; sections one hundred and

thirty-eight to one hundred and

forty-five; in section one hundred and sixty-two the words

from " and in default of payment " to the end of the

section; in section one hundred and sixty-eight the words

" and accounted for by him to

the treasurer "; sections one

hundred and sixty-nine, one

hundred and seventy-one and

one hundred and seventy-three;

in section one hundred and

seventy-five the words "or other

person "; in section one hundred

and eighty-six, the words "or

" any future Act relating to

" county courts."

G

5th Kch.

— cont.

98 Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

6th Sch.

— cont. Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

67 & 68 Vict.

The Merchant Ship-

Sections five hundred and forty-

c. 60.

ping Act, 1894.

seven to five hundred and forty-

nine in so far as they relate to

the summary determination in

a county court of disputes as

to salvage.

63 & 64 Vict

c. 47.

The County Courts

(Investment) Act,

1900.

The whole Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 6.

The Maritime Con-

Section five in so far as it relates

c. 57.

ventions Act, 1911.

to county courts.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The County Courts

In subsection (1) of section four

c. 73.

Act, 1919.

the words "under any of the

" provisions of the principal

" Act or this Act "; subsection

(2) of section eighteen; subsection (3) of section twenty-two.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The County Courts

In subsection (1) of section seven

c. 17.

Act, 1924.

the words from " and as if " to

the end of the subsection.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

The Administration

Subsection (1) of section nineteen

c. 28.

of Justice Act, 1925.

in so far as it relates to county

courts, and in subsection (2) of

that section the words from

" and the expression " to the

end of the subsection.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

The Supreme Court

In sub-paragraph (v) of para-

c. 49.

of Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1925.

graph (a) of subsection (1) of

section twenty-two the words

from the beginning of the paragraph to " salvage disputes ";

section two hundred and three in

so far as it relates to proceedings

before county courts; subsections

(3), (5) and (6) of section two

hundred and five.

16 & 16 Geo.5.

The Workmen’s

Paragraphs 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the

c. 84.

Compensation Act,

1925.

Second Schedule.

22 & 23 Geo. 5.

c. 37.

The Solicitors Act,

1932.

Paragraph (iv) of section seventy.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

Ch. 17.

99

Part II.

Obsolete or Unnecessary Enactments.

5th Sch.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 77.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 71.

36 & 37 Vict,

c. 62.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 27.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

The Court of Probate

Act, 1857.

The County Courts

Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868.

The Intestates Act,

1873.

The Intestates Act,

1875.

The County Courts

Act, 1888.

In section fifty-six the words

" subject to the rules and orders

under this Act "; in section

fifty-seven the words from " and

no such grant " to " three hundred pounds "; section fifty-

eight.

Sections five, twelve, thirteen,

eighteen and nineteen; in section

twenty-three the words from the

beginning to " Provided that ";

sections thirty-three, thirty-five

and thirty-six.

The wholq Act.

The whole Act.

Section six; the proviso to section

eleven; in section fourteen the

words " or as a special pleader

or equity draftsman "; section twenty-six; in section

twenty-seven the words from

" and from time to time " to

the end of the section; in section

thirty-three the words "or the

" chancellor of the duchy of

" Lancaster (as the case may

" be) "; in section thirty-four

the words from " and they shall

be paid " to the end of the

section; in section thirty-five the

words from the beginning of the section to " of the judge:

and"; section thirty-nine; in

section fifty-four the words

" and the seal of the court "

and the words "or sealed ";

in section fifty-five the words

" under the seal "; section

fifty-eight; in section sixty-

seven the words from " and the

treasurer" to the end of the

section; in section seventy-two

the words "on either side but

100

Ch. 17.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

6th Sch.

— ccml.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43— cont.

The County Courts

Act, 1888— cant.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 7.

The Commissioners

for Oaths Amendment Act, 1890.

" without any right of exclusive

" audience " and the words from

" subject to such regulations "

to " business of the court ";

in section one hundred and

twelve the words "and the

seal of the court "; section

one hundred and twenty-seven;

in section one hundred and

thirty-one the words from

" and in any event " to the

end of the section; in section one hundred and forty-six

the words "under the seal of the

court "; in section one hundred

and fifty-eight the words "under

the seal of the court" and

" seal or stamp the same with

the seal of his court and "; in

section one hundred and fifty-

nine the words "and shall be

entitled to the poundage "

and the words "and are entitled to "; in section one

hundred and sixty-two the

words " and sealed with the

seal of the court "; sections one

hundred and seventy-four, one

hundred and seventy-seven

and one hundred and seventy-

eight; in section one

hundred and eighty-one the

words " by the Treasury "; in

section one hundred and eighty-

five the words from the beginning of the section to " Provided that."

The whole Act.

3 Edw. 7. The County Courts

~c. 42. Act, 1903.

Section five.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 49.

The Supreme Court

of Judicature(Con-

solidation) Act,

1925.

In paragraph (a) of section one

hundred and fifty the words

from " and the Judge thereof "

to the end of the paragraph.

1934.

County Courts

(Amendment) Act. 1934.

Ch. 17.

101

Part III.

Enactments Regulating or Providing for Matters which

can be Regulated or Provided for by Rules of Court.

5th Sch.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

31 & 32 Vict. The County Courts

c. 71. Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868.

51 & 52 Vict. The County Courts

c. 43. Act, 1888.

In section eight the words "in

some other county court or"

and " to such other county

court or " and " as the case

may be."

Section twenty-two; in section

thirty-three the words from

" Every bailiff duly appointed "

to the end of the section;

sections forty-two and forty-

three; in section fifty-

six the words from " and

all such actions " to " provisions of this Act "; in section

fifty-nine the words "of the

"district in which the lands,

" tenements or hereditaments

" are situate "; sections seventy-

three, se vent y-f our, seventy-

five, seventy-six, seventy-seven,

seventy-nine, eighty, eighty-

two, eighty-four, eighty-five,

eighty - seven, eighty - eight,

eighty-nine, ninety, ninety-one;

in section ninety-two the

words from the beginning of the section to " judgment of the court "; in section ninety-

three the words from " but

the court " to the end of the section; section one hundred

and one; in section one hundred

and six the words from " may

in any case " to " and also " and

from " or the hearing " to the

end of the section; sections one

hundred and seven, one hundred

and eight, one hundred and nine,

one hundred and ten, one hundred and thirteen; in section

one hundred and eighteen the

words from the beginning to

" then in force " where those

102

Ch. 17, 18.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1934.

5th Sch.

— com.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

51 & 52 Vict.

The County Courts

words first occur; section one

c. 43— cont.

Act, 1888 —cont

hundred and nineteen; in section one hundred and twenty-

nine the words from " but if a

copy " to the end of the section; sections one hundred and

thirty and one hundred and

thirty-three.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The County Courts

Subsections (2), (3) and (4) of

c. 73.

Act, 1919.

section five; sections seven,

eight, ten and thirteen;

subsection (2) of section twenty-

four.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The County Courts

Section eight.

c. 17.

Act, 1924.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

The Settled Land

In subsection (3) of section one

c. 18.

Act, 1925.

hundred and thirteen the words

from " within the district " to

the end of the subsection.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the law with regard to the

enforcement of enactments prohibiting the use

in Scotland of the methods of fishing known as

beam and otter trawling, and to the penalties

that may be imposed in Scotland for other

offences in connection with sea fisheries; and for

purposes connected therewith.

[17th May 1934.]

Penalties

for illegal

trawling.

BE it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Any person who is guilty of illegal trawling

shall be liable, on summary conviction,

(a) to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or

to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three

months; and

1934.

Illegal Trawling

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Ch. 18.

103

(b) on a second conviction, to a fine not exceeding

two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a

period not exceeding six months; and

(c) on a third or subsequent conviction, to both

such last mentioned fine and imprisonment.

(2) Any superintendent of the herring fishery or

other officer employed in the execution of the Herring

Fishery (Scotland) Acts may seize any net and gear

(exclusive of warps) used or attempted to be used for

the purpose of illegal trawling. Any net and gear so

seized shall be forfeited to the Fishery Board for Scotland

if the owner of the vessel in or from which such net or

gear was used or attempted to be used as aforesaid shall

be convicted of illegal trawling or of an offence under

subsection (3) of this section in respect of such use or

attempted use, and if there shall be no such conviction

the owner of such net and gear shall be entitled to

recover them and to compensation for any damage

occasioned to them by the seizure.

(3) Where any vessel is used for the purpose of

illegal trawling and the skipper of such vessel at the date

of such offence is a person who has, within the immediately preceding two years, been convicted of illegal

trawling, or who has been so convicted within the immediately preceding five years and has been more than

once so convicted, the owner of the vessel shall be guilty

of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding, on a first conviction one hundred

and fifty pounds, on a second conviction two hundred

and fifty pounds, and on a third or subsequent conviction

five hundred pounds:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to any

charge under this subsection, if it is proved that, at the

commencement of the voyage during which the first

mentioned offence was committed the fist required by

subsection (6) of this section to be kept at mercantile

marine offices did not include the previous conviction

or convictions of illegal trawling founded on in the

charge.

(4) Where any penalty imposed on the owner of a

vessel in pursuance of the immediately preceding subsection falls to be, or is ordered to be, recovered by civil

104

8 Edw. 7.

c. 65.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 60.

Penalty for

contravention of

regulations

regarding

registering

lettering

and numbering of sea

fishing

boats.

Ch. 18. Illegal Trawling 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

diligence, such penalty may, without prejudice to any

method of execution authorised by section forty-nine

of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, be

levied by distress or poinding and sale of the vessel in

like manner as if it were a sum directed to be so levied

under section six hundred and ninety-three of the

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

(5) Where a penalty is imposed on the owner of a

vessel in pursuance of subsection (3) of this section, the

court may make an order directing that the vessel be

detained until such penalty is paid, and thereupon the

provisions of section six hundred and ninety-two of the

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply to such vessel

in like manner as they apply to a ship which is to be

detained under that Act.

(6) The clerk of the court by whom any person shall,

after the passing of this Act, be convicted of illegal

trawling shall send particulars of such conviction to

the Board of Trade and to the Fishery Board for Scotland, and the Board of Trade shall take such steps as

may to them seem necessary to secure that a list containing the names of the persons who have been so

convicted and particulars of such convictions is available

at each mercantile marine office for inspection by the

owner of any fishing boat or his authorised representative.

(7) For the purpose of any reference in subsection (1)

of this section to a second, or third, or subsequent conviction, and for the purposes of subseption (3) of this

section, no account shall be taken of any conviction of

illegal trawling dated before the passing of this Act.

2. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, it shall be lawful for a court

in Scotland on convicting any person of a contravention

of any regulations for the registering lettering and

numbering of British Sea Fishing Boats made by Order

in Council under Part IV of that Act to sentence such

person to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding sixty days or where such

conviction is a second or subsequent conviction, to a

fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months.

1934.

Illegal Trawling

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Ch. 18.

105

3. Subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Sea

Fisheries Act, 1883, both as originally enacted and as

applied by section five of this Act shall, in the case of a

conviction in Scotland, have effect as if the words "two

hundred poupds " were substituted for the words "fifty

pounds."

4. —(1) While any vessel carrying trawling gear is

within any area in which the methods of fishing known

as beam trawling and otter trawling are illegal by virtue

of section six of the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act,

1889, or of any byelaw for the time being in force of the

Fishery Board for Scotland, the boards of the trawl and

the net shall be inboard.

(2) In the event of a contravention of the foregoing

provisions of this section, the skipper of the vessel shall

be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

5. For the purpose of the enforcement of the enactments relating to illegal trawling, sections twelve and

fourteen of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883 (which relate to

powers and protection of sea fishery officers) shall apply

as if they were herein re-enacted with the following

modifications:—

(a) the expression "this Act " shall mean the

aforesaid enactments, and any reference to an

Order in Council shall not apply;

(b) for any reference to a sea fishery officer there

shall be substituted a reference to a superintendent of the herring fishery or other officer

employed in the execution of the Herring

Fishery (Scotland) Acts.

6. In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires—

the expression "Herring Fishery (Scotland) Acts "

means the Acts specified in the First Schedule

to the Fishery Board (Scotland) Act, 1882, and

the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889;

the expression "illegal trawling" means any contravention of section six of the Herring Fishery

Increased

penalty for

obstruction

of sea fishery

officer.

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 22.

Trawling

gear to be

inboard

while in

prohibited

area.

52 & 53 Vict

c. 23.

Application

of 46 & 47

Vict. c. 22.

ss. 12 & 14.

Interpretation.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 78.

106

Ch. 18.

Repeal.

Short title.

Section 7.

Illegal Trawling 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

(Scotland) Act, 1889, or of any byelaw for the

time being in force of the Fishery Board for

Scotland prohibiting the methods of fishing

known as beam trawling and otter trawling, and

the expression "enactments relating to illegal

trawling" means the said section six and any

such byelaw, and sections one and four of this Act.

the expressions " fishing boat, " " mercantile marine

office " and " voyage " have the like meanings

as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

7. The enactments set forth in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third

column of that Schedule.

8. This Act may be cited as the Illegal Trawling

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

53 & 64 Vict.

The Herring Fishery (Scotland)

The whole Act.

c. 10.

Act Amendment Act, 1890.

58 & 59 Vict.

The Sea Fisheries Regulation

Subsections (4), (5)

c. 42.

(Scotland) Act, 1895.

and (6) of section

ten.

1934.

Registration of Ch. 19.

Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland)

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

107

CHAPTER, 19.

An Act to amend the enactments relating to the

registration of births, deaths, and marriages in

Scotland with respect to the matters which are

required to be inserted in the register of

corrected entries; to make provision for the

re-registration of births in certain cases and for

the issue of abbreviated certificates of birth;

to repeal in part section twenty-six of the

Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages

(Scotland) Act, 1854; and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. No entry shall be made in the register of corrected

entries respecting the legitimation per subsequent matri-

monium of any child registered in the register of births

as illegitimate, except where such legitimation is found

by decree of a competent court; and section thirty-six of the Act of 1854 (which relates to the correction of the

registration of children so legitimated) is hereby repealed.

2. If any child registered in the register of births

as illegitimate has, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, been legitimated per subsequent

matrimonium, the Registrar General may, upon production of an extract of the entry of such marriage in the

register of marriages, and of such further evidence as

appears to him to be satisfactory, authorise at any time

the re-registration of the birth of such child, and such

re-registration shall be effected in such manner as may

be prescribed:

Provided that the Registrar General shall not

authorise the re-registration of the birth of any such

child in any case where the paternity of the child has

not been registered in pursuance of section thirty-five of

Certain entries not to

be made in

the register

of corrected

entries.

Re-registration of the

births of

children

legitimated

per subsequent malri-

monium.

108

Re-registra-

tion of births,

where certain

matters are

contained in

the register

of corrected

entries.

Abbreviated

certificates

of birth.

Amendment

of 17 & 18

Vict. c. 80.

s. 26.

Interpretation.

17 & 18 Vict,

o. 80.

Ch. 19. Registration of 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland)

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

the Act of 1854, save with the sanction of the sheriff

granted upon the joint application of both parents, or,

where one of the parents is dead, upon the application

of the surviving parent, of which intimation shall be

made as the sheriff may direct, and after due enquiry,

and hearing any parties having interest who may

appear to oppose such application.

3. If the entry of the birth of any child is affected

by any matter contained in the register of corrected

entries respecting his status or paternity, the Registrar

General may, at any time, authorise the re-registration

of the birth of such child, and such re-registration shall

be effected in such manner as may be prescribed.

4. Without prejudice to the provisions of any Act

entitling a person to obtain, at a reduced fee, a certified

copy of the entry of a birth in the register of births, any

person shall, on payment of a fee of sixpence (which fee

shall be inclusive of any charge for a search), be entitled

to obtain a certified copy in such form as may be prescribed of the particulars contained in any such entry

regarding the name and sex and date and place of

birth of the person therein referred to.

5. So much of section twenty-six of the Act of 1854

as requires the registrar of the parish of the birth of a

child to transmit a copy of the entry of the birth to

the registrar of the parish of the domicil of the parents

of the child, and the registrar of the parish of the domicil

to transcribe such entry in the register of such parish,

and to mark on the margin of such entry the name of the parish of the birth, shall cease to have effect.

6. —(1) In this Act—

" the Act of 1854" means the Registration of

Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland)

Act, 1854;

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations

made under section six of the Act of 1854.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the Act of 1854

shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed

as a reference to that Act as amended by any subsequent

enactment.

1934. Registration of Ch. 19, 20.

Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland)

(Amendment) Act, 1934.

7. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Registration

of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) (Amendment)

Act, 1934, and shall be construed as one with the Births,

Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1860,

and the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages

(Scotland) Amendment Act, 1910, and this Act and those

Acts may be cited as the Registration of Births, Deaths,

and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1934.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

(3) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to authorise the Minister of Health, and the

Secretary of State and the Department of Health

for Scotland, to make orders, and to give

directions, with a view to meeting deficiencies

in water supplies due to exceptional shortage

of rain, and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Minister of Health (in this Act referred

to as "the Minister"), where he is satisfied that by

reason of an exceptional shortage of rain a serious

deficiency of supplies of water in any locality exists or

is threatened, may make an order in relation to any

water undertakers who are authorised by any enactment

to supply water, or who are lawfully supplying water,

in the locality, containing such provisions for any of the following purposes, and such supplemental incidental

and consequential provisions, as appear to him to be

109

Short title,

construction,

commencement and

extent.

10 Edw. 7.

and 1 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

Power to

make orders

and duration, variation and

revocation

of orders.

110 Ch. 20. Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

expedient with a view to meeting the deficiency, that is

to say, —

(a) for authorising the undertakers, subject to any

specified conditions, to take water from any

specified source;

(b) for the suspension or modification, subject to

any specified conditions, of any restriction or

obligation to which the undertakers are subject

as respects—

(i) the ta kin g of water from any source;

(ii) the discharge of compensation water;

(iii) the supply of water in any quantity

or manner; or

(iv) the filtration or gther treatment of

water;

(c) for authorising or requiring any other water

undertakers to give the undertakers (either

within or beyond the limits of supply of those

other undertakers) a supply of water in bulk

on such terms as may be agreed between the

undertakers concerned with the approval of the Minister or, in default of agreement, on

such terms as may be determined by the Minister or by a person appointed by him for

the purpose;

(d) for authorising the undertakers to prohibit the

use for any particular purpose of water supplied

by them in the locality, or to impose limitations

on the use by consumers generally, or by any

particular class of consumer, or for any particular

purpose, of water supplied by the undertakers

in the locality;

(e) for prohibiting, or imposing limitations on, the

taking by any person (including other water

undertakers) of water from a specified source

(including a source from which any person to

whom the prohibition or limitation applies

has, by virtue of an enactment, or of the

ownership of land, or of an agreement, a

right to take water), if the Minister is satisfied

that the taking of water from that source

seriously affects the supplies available for the

undertakers;

1934.

Water Supplies Ch. 20.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

Ill

(f) for requiring persons having the control of

sluices or other works for drawing down or

keeping back water in a source to operate

them in accordance with the provisions of the order or of any direction given thereunder.

(2) In any order made for the suspension or

modification of a restriction as respects the taking of

water from a source from which water is supplied to

an inland navigation or of an obligation to discharge

compensation water into a canal or into any river or

stream which forms part of, or from which water is

supplied to, an inland navigation, the Minister may

include provisions for prohibiting or imposing limitations

on the taking of water from the navigation or for the

suspension or modification of any obligation to which

the navigation authority are subject as respects the

discharge of water from the navigation.

(3) An order which confers on water undertakers

power to prohibit, or to impose limitations on, the

use of water supplied by them, may provide that, in

exercising the power as respects the use of water

for other than domestic purposes, the undertakers

shall observe such conditions as to the reduction or

suspension of charges regulated otherwise than by

reference to quantities of water consumed as may be

specified.

(4) In the exercise of his power to make orders, the Minister shall have regard to the interests of all persons

concerned in the use of the water to which the order

relates, whether for the purposes of agriculture, fisheries,

industry, or navigation, or for other purposes.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an order

shall cease to have effect at the expiration of such period

(not exceeding six months) from the date on winch it

comes into operation as may be specified, and if no

period is specified, at the expiration of six months from

the date on which it comes into operation, but without

prejudice to the power of the Minister to make a

new order.

(6) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall

have effect in relation to the procedure to be followed

in connection with the making of orders.

112

Ch. 20. Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

Power to

authorise

the execution of

works, and

entry on,

and use of,

land.

10 & 11

Vict. c. 17.

Power to

authorise

the taking

of water for

an indefinite

period and

the purchase of

land.

(7) An order may be varied by a subsequent order

made in accordance with the like procedure, or may be

revoked by order of the Minister.

2. An order may authorise undertakers on whom

it confers any power or imposes any duty to execute

any works required for the discharge of their functions

thereunder and may authorise them for that purpose—

(a) to exercise in any specified locality the powers

contained in sections twenty-eight to thirty-four

of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847; and

(b) to enter upon any specified land after giving to

the owner and occupier thereof not less than

seven days notice in writing and to occupy and

use the land to such extent and in such manner

as may be requisite for the execution of the

works.

3. —(1) Where an order is made for the purpose of

authorising under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of

section one of this Act the taking of water from any

specified source and the Minister is satisfied that the

purposes of the order cannot be attained without the

execution of works of a permanent character, and

also that the construction of such works can be

completed within a period of six months after their

commencement and that having regard to all relevant

matters (including the interests of persons who may

sustain damage by reason of the taking of water under

the authority of the order) the powers to be conferred

on the undertakers under this section are such as might

properly have been conferred on them, if apart from

any exceptional shortage of rain the taking of water

from a new source had become necessary for the purposes

of the undertaking, the order may authorise the

undertakers to take water from that source for an

indefinite period and to purchase, either compulsorily or by agreement, any specified land which, in

the opinion of the Minister, is required for the purposes

of the order.

(2) An order under this section may authorise

undertakers on whom it confers any power or imposes

any duty to execute any works required for the discharge

of their functions thereunder.

1934. Water Supplies Ch. 20. 113

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

(3) An order under this section which confers a

power to take water from any source, or to purchase

any land, whether compulsorily or by agreement, shall

incorporate, with the necessary adaptations, the provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, with respect

to the construction of the waterworks, or of the Lands

Clauses Acts, as the case may require, and may incorporate, with the necessary adaptations, other provisions

of the Waterworks Clauses Acts, 1847 and 1863.

(5) In construing, for the purposes of this Act or of

an order under this section, any enactment incorporated

in the order, this Act, together with the order, shall be

deemed to be the special Act, and the undertakers shall

be deemed to be the promoters of the undertaking, and

the word " land " shall have the meaning assigned to it

in this Act and the word "stream " shall be deemed to

include canals, reservoirs, lakes and ponds.

(6) As regards any land in respect of which undertakers have acquired under an order under this section

an easement or other right for the execution of works

intended to be constructed underground, the undertakers shall not be required or entitled to fence off or

sever the land from the adjoining land, but the owners

or occupiers for the time being shall, subject to that

easement or right, have the same rights to use and

cultivate the land at all times as if the order had not

been made, and every notice to treat for the acquisition

of such an easement or right as aforesaid shall either

contain or be endorsed with notice of this provision.

(7) Where undertakers are authorised by an order

under this section to purchase land compulsorily, then, at

any time after notice to treat has been served, the undertakers may, after giving to the owner and occupier of the

land not less than seven days’ notice in writing, enter

on and take possession of the land, or such part thereof

as is specified in the notice, without previous consent

or compliance with sections eighty-four to ninety of the

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, but subject to 8 & 9

payment of the like compensation for the land of which Vict. c. 18.

possession is taken and interest on the compensation

awarded as would have been payable if those provisions

had been complied with.

(8) The provisions of subsection (5) of section one

of this Act shall not apply to an order in so far as it

H

114

Ch. 20. Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

Power to

authorise

the raising

of money.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c. 51.

Penalties.

is made under this section, and the expiration of this Act shall not affect the operation of an order in so far as

it is so made.

4. —(1) A local authority shall have power, before

as well as after the coming into operation of the Local

Government Act, 1933, to borrow under that Act any

money required for the discharge of their functions under

an order.

(2) An order may authorise water undertakers,

being a company, board or persons empowered by an

enactment to supply water, to raise money required for

the discharge of their functions under the order by

the issue of further capital or by borrowing, and for that

purpose may apply with any necessary adaptations any

provisions with respect to the raising of capital, or to

borrowing, contained in any enactment conferring on the

undertakers power to raise money:

Provided that, where under any enactment the

amount which the undertakers have power to raise by

borrowing is limited by reference to a proportion of their

share capital, an order under this subsection shall preserve that limitation.

5. —(1) If any water undertakers who are required

by an order to give a supply of water in bulk make

default in compliance with any of the provisions in that

behalf contained in the order, they shall, without prejudice

to the right of any person to enforce compliance with

those provisions by mandamus or otherwise, be liable on

summary conviction in respect of each day on which the

default occurs to a fine not exceeding one hundred

pounds.

(2) If any person uses or takes water in contravention of a prohibition or limitation imposed by or under

an order, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, in the case of a second

or subsequent conviction, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(3) If any person contravenes any provision contained in, or direction given under, an order with respect

to the operation of a sluice or other works for drawing

down or keeping back water, he shall be liable on

1934. Water Supplies Ch. 20. 115

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds

and to a further fine not exceeding forty shillings for

each day on which the contravention continues after

conviction therefor.

6. — (1) Compensation in respect of the following Compen-

matters, that is to say, — sation.

(a) the taking of water from a source under the

authority of an order, except in so far as the

water is taken under the authority of an order

which authorises the taking thereof for an

indefinite period;

(b) the taking, under the authority of an order, of

water from a source otherwise than in accordance with a restriction which has been suspended

or modified by the order;

(c) the entry upon or occupation or user of land

under the authority of an order made under

section two of this Act;

shall be made by the undertakers in relation to whom

the order is made to the owners and occupiers of, and all

other parties interested in, the source or land, as the case

may be, or injuriously affected by the taking of the

water, or by the entry upon or occupation or use of the

land, as the case may be, for damage sustained by them

by reason of the matters aforesaid.

(2) Compensation shall be made by the undertakers

in relation to whom an order is made prohibiting, or

imposing a limitation on, the taking of water from a

source, to the persons to whom the prohibition or

limitation applies, for damage sustained by them by

reason of the prohibition or limitation.

(3) In assessing compensation to be made under

paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (1), or

under subsection (2), of this section, the arbitrator may,

if he thinks fit, have regard to the amount of water

which, on an equitable apportionment of the water

available from the source between the claimant, the

undertakers and other persons taking water from the

source, might fairly be apportioned to the claimant.

(4) Compensation shall be made by the undertakers

in relation to whom an order is made suspending or

modifying an obligation as respects the taking of water

116

Ch. 20. Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

from a source, or as respects the discharge of compensation water, to persons who but for the order would have

been entitled to institute proceedings in respect of a

failure to comply with the obligation, for damage sustained by them by reason of water being taken without

compliance with the obligation, or of compensation

water not being discharged, or being discharged otherwise

than in accordance with the obligation.

In assessing compensation to be made under this

subsection the arbitrator may, if he thinks fit, have

regard to the amount of water which, under the conditions existing by reason of the shortage of rain, would

have been available to the claimant during the period

during which the deficiency of supplies of water has

continued, if the undertaking in relation to which the

obligation was imposed had never been carried out.

Making and

determination of

claims for

compensation.

7.—(1) A claim for compensation under this Act

shall be made by serving upon the undertakers a notice in

waiting stating the grounds of the claim and the amount

claimed.

(2) A claim for compensation under this Act may

be made at any time during the continuance of the

order to wdiich it relates, or within three months from

the date on which the order ceases to have effect.

(3) Any question as to the right of a claimant tc

recover compensation, or as to the amount of compensation recoverable, shall in default of agreement be

referred to, and determined by, an arbitrator agreed

between the parties or, in default of agreement, to be

appointed by the Minister.

(4) Where a claim is made during the continuance

of an order, the arbitrator may, if he thinks fit, award

a sum representing the damage which is likely to be

sustained by the claimant in respect of each day on

which water is taken, or is taken otherwise than in

accordance with a restriction or obligation, or on which

compensation water is not discharged or is discharged

otherwise than in accordance wdth an obligation, or on

which a prohibition or limitation on the taking of water

is in effect, as the case may be.

(5) The decision of an arbitrator upon a question

of fact shall be final and binding on the parties and

the persons claiming under them respectively, but an

1934.

Water Supplies Ch. 20.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

117

arbitrator may, and shall if the High Court so directs,

state at any stage of the proceedings, in the form of a

special case for the opinion of the High Court, any

question of law arising in the course of the proceedings,

and may state his award as to the whole or part thereof

in the form of a special case for the opinion of the High

Court.

(6) The decision of the High Court upon any case so

stated shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be

subject to appeal to any other court.

(7) An arbitrator appointed for the purposes of this section may, in any case in which he thinks

it expedient to do so, call in the aid as assessor

of a person to be selected by the arbitrator from

a panel of persons to be nominated by the

President of the Institution of Civil Engineers and he

may hear the case wholly or partially with the assistance

of the assessor.

Where the arbitrator calls in the aid of a person as

assessor, there shall be payable by such of the parties

and in such proportions as may be determined by the

arbitrator such sum in respect of the remuneration and

expenses of the assessor as may be so determined.

8.—(1) Where a local authority are under obligation

to commence to make payments towards a sinking fund

on a date which is dependent on the bringing into use of

a reservoir or other works, and the Minister is satisfied

that the immediate use of the reservoir or works is

rendered necessary by a deficiency of water supplies due

to an exceptional shortage of rain, he may direct that

the obligation shall be modified in any manner which

appears to him to be expedient in the circumstances.

(2) Where- a local authority are authorised in connection with a water undertaking to borrow money for

the purpose of paying interest accruing during the

period of construction of a reservoir or other works, and

the Minister is satisfied that the immediate use of the

reservoir or works is rendered necessary by such a

deficiency as aforesaid, he may give directions authorising

the local authority, subject to any specified conditions,

to borrow money for the purpose of paying interest

during such period after completion of the works as he

thinks expedient.

Power

to give

directions

as to sinking funds

and borrowing with a

view to

bringing

reservoirs

into immediate use.

118

Validity of

orders.

Interpretation.

Ch, 20. Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

9. —(1) If any person aggrieved by an order desires

to question its validity, he may, within twenty-one days

after the publication of the notice of the making of the

order in accordance with the provisions of the Schedule

to this Act, make an application for the purpose to the

High Court, and if upon any such application the court

is satisfied that the order is invalid and, where the

invalidity of the order arises from a failure to comply

with any provision governing the procedure for the

making thereof, is further satisfied that the interests

of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by

that failure, the court may quash the order either

generally or in so far as it affects any property of the

applicant.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the last preceding

subsection an order shall not, either before or after its

making, be questioned by prohibition or certiorari or in

any legal proceedings.

(3) Except by leave of the Court of Appeal no

appeal shall lie to the House of Lords from a decision

of the Court of Appeal in proceedings under this section.

10 . —(1)In this Act, except where the context

otherwise requires, the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

" Compensation water" means water which any

water undertakers are under an obligation to

discharge into a river, stream, brook or other

running water or into a canal as a condition of

carrying on their undertaking;

" Enactment " includes a provision in an order

confirmed by Parliament;

" Inland navigation " includes any canal or navigable river;

" Land " includes an interest in land, and an

easement or right in, to or over land;

" Limits of supply" means any limits specified

in an enactment as the limits within which

water undertakers are authorised to supply

water and includes, in relation to water undertakers who are supplying water otherwise than

under an enactment, the limits within which

they are supplying water;

1934.

Water Supplies Ch. 20.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

119

" Local authority" means the council of a

borough or urban or rural district supplying

water under the Public Health Act, 1875, or 38 & 39

under any other enactment and a joint board, Vict. c. 55 .

or joint committee, constituted under the Public

Health Act, 1875, or under any other enactment for the purposes of the provision of a

common water supply;

" Navigation authority" means any person or body

of persons having powers under any Act of

Parliament to work or maintain any inland

navigation;

" Obligation " includes an obligation imposed by

an enactment or by agreement, and

" restriction " has a corresponding meaning;

" Order" means an order made under this Act;

" Source " includes rivers, streams, brooks and

other running waters, canals, reservoirs, lakes,

ponds, wells, springs and other sources, whether

natural or artificial, and whether on the surface

or underground;

" Specified" means specified in an order;

" Take, " in relation to water, includes the collection,

impounding, diversion and appropriation of

water;

" Water undertakers " means—

(a) a local authority;

(b) any company, board or persons empowered by an enactment to supply water;

and

(c) any company or persons who are lawfully

supplying water for use by other persons.

(2) The cesser of effect of an order (whether under

subsection (5) of section one of this Act or by reason of the expiration of this Act) shall not affect—•

(a) the previous operation of the order or anything

duly done or suffered thereunder; or

(b) any right, privilege, obligation or liability

acquired, accrued or incurred under the order;

or

120

Ch. 20.

Application

to Scotland.

8 & 9

Vict. c. 19.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 25.

Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

(c) any punishment incurred under this Act; or

(d) any investigation, legal proceeding or remedy in

respect of any such right, privilege, obligation,

liability or punishment as aforesaid;

and any such investigation, legal proceeding or remedy

may be instituted, continued or enforced, and any such

punishment may be imposed as if the order had not ceased

to have effect.

11. This Act, in its application to Scotland, shall

have effect subject to the following modifications, that is

to say:—

(1) A reference to the Department of Health for

Scotland shall be substituted for any reference

to the Minister of Health except the reference

to the Minister in section eight, for which

reference there shall be substituted a reference

to the Secretary of State.

(2) A reference to sections eighty-three to eighty-

eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be substituted for the

reference to sections eighty-four to ninety of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

(3) " Easement" means servitude.

(4) A reference to the Court of Session shall be

substituted for any reference to the High Court

or to the Court of Appeal, and references to

reduction or interdict shall be substituted for

references to prohibition or certiorari.

(5) A reference to the Edinburgh Gazette shall be

substituted for any reference to the London

Gazette.

(6) The following subsection shall be substituted

for subsection (1) of section four—

" (1) A local authority shall have power

to borrow for the purpose of meeting any

expenditure of a capital nature incurred by

them in the discharge of their functions

under an order, and the provisions of section

twenty-three of the Local Government

1934. Water Supplies Ch. 20. 121

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

(Scotland) Act, 1929, as amended by any

subsequent enactment, shall apply to the

power hereby conferred."

(7) Subsection (2)-of section four shall apply as

respects water undertakers being a joint board

or other body constituted under a local Act for

the purposes of the provision of a common

water supply in like manner as it applies as

respects such water undertakers as are mentioned

in that subsection.

(8) In section ten for the definition of "local

authority " there shall be substituted the following definition:—

" ‘ Local authority’means a town council

or county council ";

and for paragraph (a) in the definition of "water

undertakers" there shall be substituted t the

following paragraph:—

" (a) a local authority supplying water under

any enactment or any two or more such local

authorities acting in combination, and any

joint board or other body constituted under

a local Act for the purposes of the provision

of a common water supply."

(9) The following paragraph shall be substituted for

paragraph 5 of the Schedule:—

"5. The person appointed by the Department of Health for Scotland to hold any local

inquiry under the last foregoing paragraph

shall be entitled to summon witnesses, and

examine them on oath and to call for

the production of books, documents and

accounts; and the expenses incurred in relation to such inquiry (including such reasonable sum as the Department may determine

for the services of any officer engaged in the

inquiry) shall be paid by the parties to the

inquiry, or by such of them and in such proportions as the Department may direct, and

the Department may certify the amount of the expenses incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by the Department to be

paid by any party shall be a debt to the

Crown."

122

Short title

duration

and extent.

Sections 1, 9

and 11.

Ch. 20. Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Water

Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

(2) The provisions of this Act shall continue in

force until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five, and no longer.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Procedure for making Orders.

1.—(1) Water undertakers who apply to the Minister for an

order shall cause notice in writing of the application to be served—

(a) on every other water undertaker, if any, who will be

affected by the proposed order; and

(b) in the case of an order authorising the compulsory

purchase or the occupation and use of land, on every

owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for a month

or any less period than a month) of that land; and

(c) in the case of an order prohibiting, or imposing a limitation on, the taking of water from a source, on every person

to whom the prohibition or limitation applies; and

(d) in the case of an order suspending or modifying a restriction or obligation to which water undertakers are

subject by virtue of an agreement on the other party

to the agreement; and

(e) in the case of an order suspending or modifying a restriction or obligation to which water undertakers are

subject by virtue of an enactment, on every person

specified in the enactment as being a person for whose

protection the restriction or obligation was imposed:

and shall cause a notice of the application to be published in one

or more local newspapers circulating within the limits of supply

of the applicants and of any other water undertakers who will be

affected by the proposed order, and, where the applicants are a

local authority empowered by a local Act or an order confirmed

by Parliament to supply water, or a company, board, or persons

so empowered, and the application is for an order authorising

1934.

Water Supplies Ch. 20.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

123

the taking of water from a source, or for the suspension or

modification of a restriction or obligation as respects the taking

of water from a source or the discharge of compensation water,

the applicants shall, in addition, cause a notice of the application

to be published in the London Gazette.

(2) A notice under this paragraph shall state the general

effect of the application and that representations may be made

to the Minister with respect thereto within seven days from the

date on which it is served or, in the case of a public notice, from

the date of its first publication, and in the case of an application

for an order authorising the compulsory purchase, or the occupation and use, of land shall specify the land to which the

application relates.

(3) The Minister shall not make an order, unless he is satisfied

that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph have been complied with, and shall consider any representations with respect

to an application which may be made to him within the period

aforesaid.

(4) An order may be made in accordance with the proposals

contained in an application with or without modification.

2. —(1) If the Minister proposes to make an order otherwise

than on the application of water undertakers, he shall cause

notices in writing to be served on the persons on whom, and to

be published in the manner in which, notices are required under

the preceding paragraph to be served and published.

(2) A notice under this paragraph shall state the general

effect of the proposed order and that representations may be

made to the Minister with respect thereto within seven days

from the date on which it is served or, in the case of a public

notice, from the date of its first publication, and the Minister

shall consider any representations which may be made within

the period aforesaid.

3. A notice which is required under this Schedule to be

served on any person may be served either:

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be

served; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last-known place of abode

of that person; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to

that person at his usual or last-known place of abode;

or

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by

delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company

124

Ch. 20.

Water Supplies 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, 1934.

or body at their registered or principal office or sending

it in a pre-pajd registered letter addressed to the

secretary or clerk of the company or body at that

office; or

(e) if it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain

the name or address of an owner, lessee, or occupier

of land on whom it should be served, by addressing it

to him by the description of " owner " or " lessee " or

" occupier" of the premises (naming them) to which it

relates and by delivering it to some person on the

premises, or, if there is no person on the premises to

whom it can be delivered, by affixing it or a copy of it

to some conspicuous part of the premises.

4. Before making an order the Minister may, in any case

in which he considers it expedient so to do, and shall, if an

objection to the making of the order is duly made and the objector

so requests, cause a local inquiry to be held:

Provided that the Minister may require the objector to

state in writing the grounds of his objection and may make the

order without causing a local inquiry to be held if he is satisfied

that the objection either is frivolous or relates exclusively to

matters which can be dealt with by the arbitrator or other person

by whom compensation is to be assessed.

5. The provisions of subsections (2), (3), (4), (5) and (8) of

section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act,

1933 (which relates to the holding of inquiries in certain cases,

including a case where the Minister is authorised by that Act

to make any order) shall have effect, before as well as after the

coming into operation of that Act, in relation to an inquiry under

the last foregoing paragraph as they have effect in relation to an

inquiry held by the Minister under that Act, and as if the words

" not exceeding five guineas a day " in subsection (4) of that

section had been omitted.

6. As soon as may be after an order has been made, the

water undertakers on whose application it was made or, in the

case of an order made otherwise than on the application of water

undertakers, the Minister, shall cause to be published, in the

manner in which notices are required under paragraphs 1 and 2

of this Schedule to be published a notice stating that the order

has been made and naming a place where a copy thereof may be

inspected.

1934.

Protection of Animals

Act, 1934.

Ch. 21.

125

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to provide further protection to certain

animals.

[17th May 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

►Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No person shall promote, or cause or know-

ingly permit to take place any public performance which

includes any episode consisting of or involving—

(a) throwing or casting, with ropes or other appliances, any unbroken horse or untrained bull;

or

(' b)wrestling, fighting, or struggling with any untrained bull; or

(c) riding, or attempting to ride, any horse or bull

winch by the use of any appliance or treatment

involving cruelty is, or has been, stimulated

with the intention of making it buck during

the performance;

and no person shall in any public performance take part

in any such episode as aforesaid.

(2) For the purposes of proceedings under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection,

if an animal appears or is represented to spectators to be

unbroken or untrained it shall he on the defendant to

prove that the animal is in fact broken or trained.

In proceedings under paragraph (c) of the said

subsection in respect of the use of any such appliance

or treatment as is therein mentioned upon a horse before

or during a performance, it shall be a defence for the

defendant to prove that he did not know, and could not

reasonably be expected to know, that the appliance or

treatment was to be or was used.

(3) In this section—

the expressions " horse, " and " bull " have, respectively, the same meanings as in the

Protection of Animals Act, 1911;

Prohibition

of certain

public

contests,

performances, and

exhibitions

with

animals.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 27.

126

Ch. 21, 22.

2 <fe 3 Geo. 5.

c. 14.

Penalties.

Short title

and extent.

Office of

Assessor of

Public

Undertak-

ings.

17 & 18 Vict,

c. 91.

Protection of Animals 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

the expression "public performance " does not

include a performance presented to the public

by means of the cinematograph.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland—

the expression "horse " has the same meaning as

in the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act,

1912; and

the expression "bull" means ox as defined in

that Act.

2. If any person contravenes any of the provisions

of the foregoing section, he shall be liable upon summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds,

or, alternatively, or in addition thereto, to be imprisoned

for any term not exceeding three months.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Protection of

Animals Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the designation of the Assessor of

Railways and Canals in Scotland and the law

relating to the appointment of the said assessor

and the provision of superannuation allowances

for the said assessor and the clerks and other

officers employed by him.

[22nd June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The right of appointing to and removing from the

office of Assessor of Railways and Canals in Scotland, constituted in terms of section twenty of the Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act, 1854, shall be transferred to and vested

in the Secretary of State, and such assessor shall

be designated and known as the Assessor of Public

Undertakings (Scotland).

1934. Assessor of Public Ch. 22, 23. 127

Undertakings (Scotland) Act, 1934.

2. There may be granted to the Assessor of Public Superannu-

Undertakings (Scotland) (hereinafter referred to as the ation allow-

assessor) and the clerks or other officers whom he may ances ayd

be allowed to employ such superannuation allowances ^assessor

and gratuities, and to their legal personal representatives and clerks,

or dependants such gratuities, as the Secretary of State &c.

may determine:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall so far as

may be exercise his powers under this section as if the

Acts and rules for the time being governing the grant of

superannuation allowances and gratuities in His Majesty’s

Civil Service applied to the assessor and the clerks and

other officers aforesaid.

3. All superannuation allowances and gratuities to Mode of

be granted under the provisions of this Act and any levying and

superannuation allowance granted under the Railway collecting

Assessors (Scotland) Superannuation Act, 1897, shall be ationTllow-

levied and collected along with and in the same maimer ance8 an(j

as the remuneration or salary of the assessor and his gratuities,

clerks and other officers, as prescribed in section twenty- 60 & 61 Vict,

nine of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854. c - 12 -

4. The Railway Assessors (Scotland) Superannuation Repeal.

Act, 1897, is hereby repealed.

5. This Act may be cited as the Assessor of Public Short title.

Undertakings (Scotland) Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to provide that the owners of coal mines in

Great Britain shall insure against, or otherwise

ensure the discharge of, their liabilities under the

Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925; to enable

certain mutual indemnity associations to make

deposits with the Accountant General of the

Supreme Court; and for purposes incidental to,

and connected with, the matters aforesaid.

[22nd June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

128 Cn. 23. Workmen’s Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Insurance

of owners

of coal

mines

against

liability

to their

workmen.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the

owner of a coal mine shall not, at any time, employ any

workmen for the purposes of the undertaking carried

on at that mine unless there is in force either—

(a) a contract of insurance subscribed by an

authorised insurer, being a contract which

(subject to the exception mentioned in the next

following subsection) insures the owner against

all liability under the principal Act in respect of the employment of workmen by him or any

other person for those purposes at that time; or

(b) an instrument (hereafter in this Act referred to

as a "compensation trust"), conforming with

the requirements of the Schedule to this Act,

for securing, by means of a special trust fund, the

discharge of all the owner’s liability under the

principal Act in respect of the employment of

workmen as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this

subsection.

(2) The exception allowed by paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection is as follows, that is to say, that

the indemnity afforded by the contract of insurance need

not, in the case of any injury by accident or disease

resulting in incapacity for w ork, extend to any such payment of compensation in respect of the incapacity

resulting from that injury as becomes payable at a time

when the incapacity has continued for not more than

twenty-six weeks (whether consecutive or not), other

than a payment which is due at the time of, or becomes

payable after, the happening of any of the following

events, that is to say, —

(a) the owner becoming bankrupt or making a

composition or arrangement with his creditors;

or

(b) if the owner is a company, the company commencing to be wound up, or a receiver or

manager of the company’s business or undertaking being duly appointed, or possession

being taken, by or on behalf of the holders of

debentures secured by a floating charge, of any

property of the company comprised in, or

subject to, the charge.

1934.

Workmen's Compensation

{Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23.

129

(3) If the owner of a coal mine employs any workmen

in contravention of this section, he shall, for each week

in the course of which he so employs workmen at any

time, be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine; and where an offence under this

section committed by a corporation has been committed

with the consent or connivance of, or facilitated by

any neglect on the part of, any director, manager,

secretary or other officer of the corporation, he, as

well as the corporation, shall be deemed to be guilty of

that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against

and punished accordingly.

In this subsection the expression "week" means a

period of seven consecutive days beginning on Sunday.

(4) In this section the expression "authorised

insurer " means—

(a) an insurance company or an underwriter in

whose case the requirements of the Assurance 9 Edw. 7 .

Companies Act, 1909, with respect to deposits by c. 49.

assurance companies and deposits and guarantees

by underwriters are complied with; or

(b) a mutual indemnity association;

so, however, that a mutual indemnity association formed

after the end of the year nineteen hundred and thirty-

three shall be deemed, for the purposes of this section,

not to be an authorised insurer unless the association

has deposited the sum of twenty thousand pounds with

the Accountant General of the Supreme Court in

pursuance of the following provisions of this Act.

2.—(1) In relation to the employment of workmen Information

at any time for the purposes of the undertaking carried as to in8ur -

on at a coal mine, a contract of insurance or compensation

trust shall be deemed for the purpose of the foregoing °J orkmen

section not to be in force, unless at that time there is

exhibited at the colliery office, in such a way as to be

readily accessible to, and easily read by, the workmen, —

(a) in the case of a contract of insurance, a certificate

in the prescribed form, signed by the insurer,

being a certificate which—

(i) states that, to the extent required by

the foregoing section, the owner of the coal

I

130 Ch. 23. Workmen’s Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

mine is insured under the contract against

his liability under the principal Act in respect

of the employment of workmen, within a

specified period current at that time, for the

purposes of the undertaking carried on at the

mine; and

(ii) where the insurer is a mutual indemnity

association, specifies the date on which the

association was formed, and, if it was formed

after the end of the year nineteen hundred

and thirty-three, states that the association

has deposited the sum of twenty thousand

pounds with the Accountant General of the

Supreme Court in pursuance of this Act; or

(b) in the case of a compensation trust—

(i) a notice in the prescribed form, signed

by the owner of the coal mine, stating that

the trust conforms with the requirements

of the Schedule to this Act and provides

for securing, by means of a special trust fund,

the discharge of all the owner’s liability under

the principal Act in respect of the employment of workmen, within a specified period

current at that time, for the purposes of the

undertaking carried on at the mine; and

(ii) a notice in the prescribed form, signed

by the owner of the coal mine, stating the

names and addresses of the trustees for the

time being acting under the trust, and of any

agent authorised by them to receive notices

in connection with the trust; and

(iii) where the workmen are employed at

any time after the end of the first three

months of any accounting year as defined

in the Schedule to this Act, a declaration

• in the prescribed form signed by the auditor

of the accounts of the trust stating that

he has examined the actuary’s certificate

required by the compensation trust in accordance with the Schedule to this Act to be

given with regard to the owner’s liability

for that accounting year, and either that

no contribution to the trust fund is payable

1934.

Workmen's Compensation

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23.

131

under the trust by virtue of the said certificate

or that the contribution so payable in accordance with the requirements of the Schedule to

this Act has been duly paid:

Provided that, where by reason of the death of a

person who, at the time when the compensation trust

came into force, was the owner of the coal mine to which

the trust relates, his personal representative is the owner

for the time being of that mine, any notice signed by the

deceased owner for the purpose of paragraph (b) of this

subsection shall have effect for that purpose as if it were

also signed by the personal representative.

(2) If any person signs, or causes or suffers to be

exhibited, for the purposes of this section, a certificate,

notice or declaration which, to his knowledge, contains a

statement false in any material particular, he shall be

guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary

conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three

months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or

to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(3) In this section—

(a) the expression "colliery office " means, in

relation to any coal mine, the premises at

which the workmen employed at that mine

usually receive payment of their wages; and

(b) the expression "prescribed" means prescribed

by the Secretary of State.

3.—(1) This section applies to every contract of Effect of

insurance (whether made before or after the commence- certain

ment of this Act) purporting to insure the owner of a contracts of

coal mine against any liability under the principal Act insurance -

in respect of the employment of workmen for the purposes of the undertaking carried on at that mine, and in

the following provisions of this section the expression

" claim to which this section applies " means, in relation

to any such contract of insurance as aforesaid, any such

claim under the contract as arises out of a liability

under the principal Act in respect of the employment

of a workman after the commencement of this Act for

the purposes of the undertaking carried on at a coal

mine.

132 Ch. 23. Workmen's Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

(2) Any condition in a contract of insurance to

which this section applies, being a condition which

provides that, in any specified event, the insurer shall

not become, or shall cease to be, liable to pay any claim

under the contract or any part of such a claim, shall be

of no effect in relation to any claim to which this section

applies.

(3) Ho agreement between the parties to a contract

of insurance to which this section applies, being an

agreement made after any liability to pay a claim to

which this section applies has been incurred by the

insurer, shall be effective so as to extinguish or diminish

that liability.

(4) For the purpose of determining, as regards

any liability under the principal Act in respect of employment after the commencement of this Act for the

purposes of the undertaking carried on at a coal mine,

whether the workman has any, and if so what, rights by

virtue of subsection (1) of section seven of the principal

Act in relation to a contract of insurance to which this

section applies, but for no other purpose, —

(a) the insurer shall be deemed not to be, and never

to have been, entitled to avoid the contract on

the ground of any misrepresentation or nondisclosure of material facts on the part of the

insured, or on the ground that the answer

to any question required to be answered by

the insured in making any proposal for the

contract was false or incomplete; and

(b) any admission or agreement whereby the said

liability under the principal Act was established

against the insured shall be treated as binding

on the insurer, notwithstanding that it was

made or entered into without his authority.

(5) Where an insurer becomes under any liability to

pay compensation which he would not have been under

but for the provisions of the last foregoing subsection,

the capitalised value of that liability shall be deemed to

be a debt due to the insurer from the insured, and the

capitalised value of the liability shall—

(a) if it is a liability to pay the whole or any part of a

lump sum, be taken to be the amount of that

lump sum or of that part thereof, as the case

may be; or

1934.

WorkmerCs Compensation

{Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23.

133

(b) if it is a liability to pay a weekly payment, be

taken to be the amount of the lump sum for

which the liability could, if redeemable, be

redeemed under section thirteen of the principal

Act:

Provided that the appropriate court may, upon

appli cation made by or on behalf of the insured or his

estate, direct that the amount of any such debt as aforesaid due in respect of a payment which the insurer has

become liable to make by virtue of any particular contract

of insurance, shall be reduced by such amount as the

court thinks proper, having regard to the amount paid or

payable by the insured to the insurer by way of premium

under the contract.

In this subsection the expression "the appropriate

court" means any court having bankruptcy jurisdiction,

being a court within the area of whose jurisdiction the

insured resided at the time when the workman acquired

rights against the insurer by virtue of subsection (1) of

section seven of the principal Act, or, if the insured is a

company, any court having jurisdiction to wind up the

company.

(6) There shall be included among the debts which—

(a) under section thirty-three of the Bankruptcy 4 & 5 Geo. 5 .

Act, 1914, and section one hundred and c. 59.

eighteen of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 3&4 Geo.5.

1913, are, in the distribution of the property c. 20 .

or assets of a bankrupt, to be paid in priority

to all other debts; and

(b) under section two hundred and sixty-four of the Companies Act, 1929, are, in the winding 19 & 20

up of a company, to be paid in priority to all Geo. 5.0.23.

other debts; and

(c) under section seventy-eight of the Companies

Act, 1929, are, as respects a company registered in England in whose case either a

receiver has been duly appointed on behalf of the holders of debentures of the company or

possession of any property of the company

has been duly taken by or on behalf of the

holders of such debentures, to be paid in

priority to any claim for principal or interest

in respect of the debentures;

134

Ch. 23.

Workmen's Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Deposits by

mutual

indemnity

associations.

Incidental

provisions

as to compensation

trusts

the amount of any debt which, by virtue of the last

foregoing subsection, is due from the bankrupt or the

company, as the case may be, to an insurer.

4. —(1) Any mutual indemnity association which

carries on, or intends to carry on, business wholly or

partly for the purpose of the mutual insurance of its

members against liability under the principal Act to pay

compensation in respect of the employment of workmen

for the purposes of undertakings carried on at coal mines,

may deposit the sum of twenty thousand pounds with

the Accountant General of the Supreme Court for and

on account of the Supreme Court, and it shall be the

duty of the Accountant General to receive the deposit

accordingly.

(2) Where a mutual indemnity association has made

a deposit in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section,

the association shall not be entitled to withdraw, or

transfer to any other person, the whole or any part of the deposit, unless it proves that it has ceased to carry

on, or, as the case may be, has abandoned the intention

to carry on, business for the purpose of such insurance

as is mentioned in the said subsection.

(3) The Secretary of State may make such rules

as appear to him, after consultation with the Lord

Chancellor, to be necessary with respect to the following

matters, that is to say, the payment of deposits for the

purpose of this section and the investment thereof and

dealing therewith, the deposit of stock or other securities

in lieu of money, the payment of the interest or dividends

from time to time accruing due on any securities in which

deposits are for the time being invested, and the withdrawal and transfer of deposits.

5. —(1) The trustees under any compensation

trust shall be deemed to be trustees not only for the

person creating the trust and any person representing

his estate, but also for the workmen to whom payments

are to be made out of the trust fund, and the due

administration of the trust shall be enforceable accordingly;

and the provisions contained in a compensation trust in

accordance with the Schedule to this Act shall be valid

notwithstanding any rule against perpetuities.

1934.

Workmen's Compensation

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23.

135

(2) So much of section sixty-seven of the County 51 & 52 Vict.

Courts Act, 1888, as limits the jurisdiction of a county o. 43.

court with respect to the execution of trusts, shall not

apply in relation to any compensation trust.

6 .—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the Interpreta-

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is tion.

to say:—

" coal mine" means any mine or open working where

the principal object of the mining or quarrying

operations is the getting of coal (including

bituminous coal, cannel coal, anthracite, lignite

and brown coal);

" liability under the principal Act " includes liability

under a scheme made by the Secretary of State

in pursuance of section forty-seven of the

principal Act to pay compensation otherwise

than by way of subscriptions to the general

compensation fund established under any pro- '

visions contained in the scheme by virtue of

subsection (3) of that section;

" mine " includes every shaft in the course of

being sunk, and every level and inclined plane

in the course of being driven, and all the shafts,

levels, planes, works, tramways and sidings,

both below ground and above ground, in and

adjacent to and belonging to the mine, but does

not include any part of such premises on which

any manufacturing process is carried on other

than a process ancillary to the getting or

dressing of minerals or the preparation of

minerals for sale;

" mutual indemnity association" means an association of employers which has satisfied the Board

of Trade that it is carrying on, or is about to

carry on, business wholly or mainly for the

purpose of the mutual insurance of its members

against liability to pay compensation or damages

to workmen employed by them, either alone or

in conjunction with insurance against any other

risk incident to their trade or industry;

" owner, " in relation to any coal mine, means any

person who is the immediate proprietor or lessee

or occupier of the mine or any part thereof, and,

in relation to a mine the business whereof is

136

Ch. 23.

Workmen's Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

15 & 16

Geo. 6. c. 84.

Short title,

citation,

commencement and

extent.

carried on by a liquidator or receiver, means

the liquidator or receiver, but does not include

any person who—

(a) merely receives a royalty, rent or fine

from the mine; or

(b) in the case of a mine subject to any

lease, grant or licence for the working

thereof, is merely the proprietor of the

mine; or

(c) is merely the owner of the soil and not

interested in the minerals of the mine;

or

(d) is merely a contractor for the working

of a part of the mine or for the

execution of any particular work

thereat;

" the principal Act" means the Workmen’s

Compensation Act, 1925, as amended by any

subsequent Act;

and any other expression has the same meaning as in the

principal Act and shall be construed in accordance with

such directions for the construction of that expression

as may be contained in that Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a workman shall

be deemed to be employed for the purposes of the

undertaking carried on at a coal mine, if, and only if, —

(a) he is employed at the mine; or

(b) being a person normally employed at the mine,

he is temporarily employed elsewhere by the owner of the mine; or

(c) he is employed elsewhere than at the mine by

the owner either in repairing the mining plant or in any

such other work as is commonly done at a coal mine.

7.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s

Compensation (Coal Mines) Act, 1934, and the Workmen’s

Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1931, and this Act may

be cited together as the Workmen’s Compensation Acts,

1925 to 1934.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1934.

Workmen's Compensation

{Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23,

137

SCHEDULE.

Requirements as to Form, Administration, and

Provisions of Compensation Trusts.

1. Every compensation trust must conform with the requirements of the following provisions of this Schedule.

2. The trust shall be expressed in the form of a deed executed

between the person who, at the time of the execution of the

deed, is the owner of the coal mine to which the trust relates

(hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the settlor ") on the

one hand, and two or more other persons on the other hand, of

whom at least one is an independent person, that is to say, a

person who is neither a servant nor an agent of the settlor and who

has no financial interest in the business of the settlor.

The last-mentioned persons and any person duly appointed

in place of any of them are hereafter in this Schedule referred to

as " the trustees."

3. The trust shall provide for securing that if at any time the

trustees for the time being do not include an independent person

as hereinbefore defined, it shall be the duty of the settlor forthwith to appoint such an independent person to be one of the

trustees.

4. The trust shall provide for the creation of a trust fund

(hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the fund ") and for

the vesting of the fund in the trustees, and shall declare that the

trustees shall hold the assets of the fund on the following trust,

that is to say, that whenever, by reason of any award or judgment

against, or agreement or admission entered into or made by or

on behalf of, the settlor or any person representing his estate,

any sum becomes payable by way of compensation (being

compensation which the settlor or his estate is liable under the

principal Act to pay in respect of the employment of a workman,

in the relevant period, by the settlor or any other person for

the purposes of the undertaking carried on at the coal mine to

which the trust relates), the trustees will, on behalf of the settlor

or the person representing his estate, as the case may be, pay

the amount of that sum out of the fund to the person entitled

under the principal Act to receive it.

For the purposes of this Schedule the relevant period shall

be taken to be such period as may be specified in the trust,

Sections 1

(1), 2(1) and

5(1).

138 Ch. 23. Workmen's Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

being a period beginning on or after the day on which the first

contribution to the fund required by the following provisions of this Schedule has been duly paid to the trustees, so, however,

that the relevant period shall be deemed to be terminated—

(1) on the expiration of the accounting year next after that

in which a written notice in that behalf, signed by the

settlor, has been posted at the place at which, and in

the manner in which, notices relating to the trust are

required by this Act to be exhibited; or

(2) on the expiration of one month from the death of the

settlor; or

(3) on the settlor becoming bankrupt or making a composition or arrangement with his creditors; or

(4) where the settlor is a company—

(a) on the passing by the company of a resolution

for voluntary winding up within the meaning of section

two hundred and twenty-five of the Companies Act,

1929; or

(b) on the making of a winding-up order in respect

of the company under the Companies Act, 1929; or

(c) on the due appointment of a receiver by or on

behalf of the holders of any debentures of the company

secured by a floating charge, or the due taking

possession, by or on behalf of those debenture holders,

of any property comprised in, or subject to, the

charge;

whichever first occurs.

5. The trust shall make provision for securing—

(1) that, as soon as may be after the trust comes into force,

the trustees shall cause to be given to them by a

qualified actuary a certificate certifying the capital

sum (including such amount as the actuary considers

to be a proper reserve) necessary, in his opinion, to

secure the payment of all sums which he calculates

will, by virtue of the trust, fall to be paid out of the

fund in discharge of the compensation liability attributable to the first accounting year (which capital sum

is hereafter in this Schedule referred to as the " certified

initial liability "); and

(2) that, as soon as may be after the accounts of the fund

for any accounting year have been submitted to audit,

the trustees shall cause to be given to them by a

qualified actuary a certificate certifying—

(a) the capital sum (including such amount as

the actuary considers to be a proper reserve)

necessary, in his opinion, to secure the payment

1934.

Workmen's Compensation

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23.

139

of all sums which he calculates will, by virtue of the trust, fall to be paid out of the fund in

discharge of—

(i) any compensation liability which is outstanding at the end of that accounting year and

which is attributable to the period between

the beginning of the relevant period and the

end of that accounting year; and

(ii) the compensation liability attributable to

the next succeeding accounting year; and

(b) the difference (if any) between the said capital

sum and the sum stated by tho auditor, in accordance

with the trust, to represent the value, as at the end

of the accounting year to which the accounts relate,

of the assets of the fund available for making

payments by way of compensation in accordance

with the trust (the amount, if any, by which it

appears from the certificate that the sum so stated

as aforesaid by the auditor falls short of the said

capital sum, being hereafter in this Schedule referred

to as " the certified deficiency ");

and the trust shall require the trustees to submit the certificate

as soon as may he to the auditor for examination and, as soon as

may be thereafter, to transmit it to the settlor or the person

(if any) representing his estate:

Provided that, after the end of the relevant period, the

actuary’s certificate shall be given only in relation to any outstanding compensation liability which is attributable to the

relevant period.

6. The trust shall contain a provision whereby the settlor

covenants with the trustees that, forthwith after any certificate

has been duly transrrtftted by the trustees in accordance with

the provisions of the trust required by the last foregoing paragraph,

he will pay to the trustees by way of contribution to the fund—

(a) in the case of the first certificate so transmitted, a sum

being not less than the certified initial liability; or

(b) in the case of any subsequent certificate, a sum being

not less than the certified deficiency, if any.

7. The trust shall also provide for the following matters.- that

is to say :—

(1) for requiring the trustees to effect, maintain and enforce

such contracts of insurance as may be necessary to cover

the risk of the trustees having to make out of the fund

payments of compensation in excess of fifteen hundred

pounds in respect of deaths of workmen resulting from

140

Ch. 23.

Workmen's Compensation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

any one accident, and for securing that any sums paid

to the trustees in settlement of a claim under any such

contract of insurance shall form part of the fund; and

(2) for requiring the settlor to furnish to the trustees all such

returns, estimates, accounts and other information as

may be necessary for enabling them to perform their

duties under the trust; and

(3) for requiring the settlor to defray, by means of contributions to the fund, the administrative expenses of the

trustees (including sums paid or payable by them by

way of premiums in connection with contracts of insurance effected by them in accordance with the trust)

and any remuneration which by the terms of the trust

is payable out of the fund to any of the trustees; and

(4) for securing that all such obligations to make payments

to the fund as are imposed by the trust on the settlor

in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this

Schedule shall, where the settlor is an individual, be

binding on his estate; and

(5) for requiring the trustees—

(a) to keep proper accounts in relation to the fund;

and

(b) to cause the accounts of the fund for each

accounting year to be audited as soon as may be after

the end of that year by a qualified accountant; and

(c) to obtain as soon as may be from the auditor by

whom the accounts of the fund for any accounting year

are audited, a statement of the value, as at the end of

that accounting year, of the assets of the fund available for making payments by way of compensation in

accordance with the trust; and

(6) for securing that the trustees ire not empowered to

invest any moneys of the fund in any securities other

than securities in which a trustee may lawfully invest

trust moneys by Virtue of the powers conferred by

15 & 16 section one of the Trustee Act, 1925, as extended by

Geo. 5/c. 19. any subsequent enactment.

In the application of this paragraph to a compensation

trust which is governed by the law of Scotland, there shall

be substituted for the reference therein to section one of the

11 & 12 Trustee Act, 1925, a reference to the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921.

Geo. 5. c. 58.

8. For the purposes of this Schedule—

(1) the expression "accounting year" means a period of

twelve consecutive months beginning on the first day

of the relevant period or on the anniversary of that

day;

1934.

Workmen's Compensation

{Coal Mines) Act, 1934.

Ch. 23, 24.

141

(2) the expression "compensation liability" means liability under the principal Act incurred by the settlor

or any person representing his estate in respect of the employment of workmen by the settlor or any

other person for the purposes of the undertaking

carried on at the coal mine to which the trust relates,

and the liability under the principal Act which is so

incurred in respect of the employment of workmen

as aforesaid in any particular period shall be taken

to be the compensation liability attributable to that

period;

(3) the expression "qualified accountant" means a person

being a member of one or more of the following

bodies, that is to say :—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in

England and Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants and

Auditors;

The Society of Accountants in Edinburgh;

The Institute of Accountants and Actuaries in

Glasgow;

The Society of Accountants in Aberdeen;

The London Association of Certified Accountants

Limited;

The Corporation of Accountants, Limited;

(4) the expression "qualified actuary" means a person

being either a fellow of the Institute of Actuaries or

a fellow of the Faculty of Actuaries in Scotland.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to empower His Majesty to revoke the

National Economy (Statutory Salaries) Order,

1931, and to provide that while the said Order

remains in force the abatement to be made

thereunder from any salary shall be reduced by

one-half, and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[22nd June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

142

Ch. 24, 25.

Statutory Salaries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Restoration) Act, 1934.

Provisions

aa to abatements from

statutory

salaries.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 67.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council

revoke the National Economy (Statutory Salaries)

Order, 1931.

(2) While the said Order remains in force, the abatement (including any abatement therein referred to as an

"additional abatement") to be made under the said

Order from the amount of the salary to be paid in respect

of any office, shall be one-half of that which would have

been thereby required to be made if this subsection had

not been passed.

(3) Paragraph (2) of Article one of the said Order

shall cease to have effect, but in any year during any part

of which the said Order is in force, the deduction to be

made under subsection (3) of section thirty-seven of the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920, from the Northern

Ireland residuary share of reserved taxes shall be reduced

by an amount equal to one fourth of the total abatement

made under the said Order in that year from the salary

of the Governor of Northern Ireland.

2. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Statutory

Salaries (Restoration) Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the first day of

July, nineteen hundred and thirty-four.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to

Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to enable courts in Scotland to disqualify

for keeping dogs persons convicted of cruelty

to them.

[22nd June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

143

1934. Protection of Ch. 25.

Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act, 1934.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) Any court before which a person is convicted Power to

under the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912, of disqualify

an offence of cruelty to a dog may order him to be dis- pers0D f e(i

qualified for keeping a dog and for holding or obtaining a of cruelty

dog licence for such period as the court thinks fit. to dogs.

(2) A person who by virtue of any such order is so 2&3 Geo.5.

disqualified as aforesaid may appeal against the order in c -14.

the same manner as against a conviction, and the court

may, if it thinks fit, pending the appeal, suspend the

operation of the order.

(3) Where a person who is disqualified by virtue of

an order under this section is the holder of a dog licence,

the licence shall be suspended so long as the disqualification continues in force and shall, during the time of

suspension, be of no effect.

(4) If any person who is disqualified by virtue of an

order under this section keeps a dog or applies for or

obtains a dog licence while he is so disqualified, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty-five pounds or to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months or to both such fine and

imprisonment.

2. A person who, by virtue of an order under this Power to

Act, is disqualified for keeping a dog and for holding or remove

obtaining a dog licence may, at any time after the disqualifica-

expiration of six months from the date of the order, and

from time to time, apply to the court by which the order

was made to remove the disqualification, and on any

such application the court may, as it thinks proper, having

regard to the character of the person disqualified and

his conduct subsequent to the order, the nature of the

offence, and any other circumstances of the case, either

by order remove the disqualification as from such date

as may be specified in the order or refuse the application:

Provided that, where an application under this

section is refused, a further application thereunder shall

not be entertained if made within three months after the

date of the refusal.

3. In this Act the expression "dog licence" means Interpreta-

a licence under the Dog Licences Act, 1867, and the tion.

expression " keep " has the same meaning as in that Act, 30 & 31 Vict.

C. O.

144

Short title

and citation.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 22.

Permitted

hours in the

evening

(validity of

directions

and

decisions as

respects

parts of the

year).

11 & 12

Geo 5. c. 42.

Ch. 25, 26. Protection of 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act, 1934.

and so much of section eight of that Act as relates to the

method of determining by whom a dog is kept shall apply

accordingly.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Protection of

Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act, 1934, and the

Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912, the Protection

of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912, Amendment Act, 1921,

and this Act may be cited together as the Protection of

Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1912 to 1934.

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to make provision with regard to the

power to make, and the validity of, directions

under paragraph (b) (i) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section one of the Licensing Act, 1921,

as respects a part of the year only, and to the

power to fix, and the validity of decisions fixing,

the permitted hours on week-days where such

directions are so made.

[22nd June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the Kong’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The power conferred on the licensing justices

for any licensing district outside the metropolis by

sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (6) of the proviso to

subsection (1) of section one of the Licensing Act, 1921

(which relates to permitted hours on week-days) to make

as respects their district a direction that the said subsection shall have effect as though eight and a half hours

were substituted for eight hours, and half-past ten at

night were substituted for ten at night, shall include

power, where they are satisfied that the special requirements of the district during a part of the year only

(being a part consisting of eight consecutive weeks or

more) render it desirable, to make such a direction as

respects that part of the year only.

1934.

Licensing (Permitted

Hours) Act, 1934.

Ch. 26.

145

(2) Where a direction is made under the power

conferred by subsection (1) of this section as respects

any licensing district, special permitted hours on weekdays may pursuant to the direction be fixed in the

district by a decision under subsection (2) of section one

of the said Act for the part of the year to which the

direction relates.

(3) Where before the date of the passing of this Act such a direction or decision as aforesaid has been made,

then, notwithstanding that the direction or decision may

before that date have been determined by a court to

have been invalidly made, and notwithstanding any

order or judgment made or given pursuant to that

determination, the direction or decision shall have, and

shall be deemed always to have had, the like validity as

it would have had if the foregoing provisions of this

section had been in force at the time when the direction

or decision was made:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect

any order made by a court before the date of the passing

of this Act as to the costs of proceedings in relation to

such a direction or decision as aforesaid, or the incidence

of liability for any such costs incurred before that date.

2.—(1) Where at the general annual licensing meet- Power of

ing of any licensing justices last held before the passing licensing

of this Act a proposal to make a direction under the said Jus f' lces to

sub-paragraph (i) was considered and negatived, then, on direction or

the requisition of a majority of them made within two decision at

months after the passing of this Act, the licensing justices a meeting

shall hold a meeting for the purpose of considering held on

whether such a direction or decision as they are em- ^thin two

powered by this Act to make ought to be made, and may mon ths

at that meeting make such a direction or decision as after passing

aforesaid. of Act.

(2) In relation to a meeting held under the foregoing subsection in England or Wales, the provisions

of the rules made by the Secretary of State under subsection (1) of section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1921,

shall have effect as if for references therein to the

general annual licensing meeting there had been substituted references to the said meeting, and the clerk

shall send notice of the said meeting to the superintendent of police of the district and to each of the

licensing justices.

K

146

Ch. 26, 27.

Licensing (Permitted 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Hours) Act, 1934.

(3) In relation to a meeting held under subsection

(1) of this section in Scotland, the Licensing (Scotland)

Rules, 1921, shall have effect as if for references therein

to the half-yearly meeting in April there had been substituted references to the said meeting, and the clerk

shall send notice of the said meeting to the chief

constable and to each member of the licensing court.

Short title

and construction.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Licensing

(Permitted Hours) Act, 1934.

(2) This Act, as it applies to England and Wales, shall

be construed as one with the Licensing Acts, 1910 to 1923,

and those Acts and this Act as it so applies may be

cited together as the Licensing Acts, 1910 to 1934.

(3) This Act, as it applies to Scotland, shall be

construed as one with the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903

to 1923, and those Acts and this Act as it so applies may

be cited together as the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903

to 1934.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to extend to certain other minerals the

provisions of Part II of the Mining Industry-

Act, 1926, relating to the grant of facilities for

searching for and working coal.

[28th June 1934.]

Power of

Railway and

Canal Commission to

grant

working

facilities in

the case of

certain

minerals.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 28.

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section thirteen of the Mining Industry

Act, 1926, which empowers the Railway and Canal

Commission, on an application referred to them by the

Board of Trade, to grant to the applicant the right to

search for or work coal or, as the case may be, the right

to work coal freed from existing restrictions and conditions or upon substituted terms and conditions, shall

apply also in relation to any mineral to which this Act

applies and, accordingly, in subsections (1) to (4) of the

1934.

147

Mines (Working Facilities) Ch. 27, 28.

Act, 1934.

said section thirteen any reference to coal shall be

construed as including a reference to any such mineral.

(2) This Act applies to any of the minerals specified

in the Schedule to this Act and also, where any other

mineral is being, or is to be, worked with a mineral so

specified, to that other mineral.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Mines (Working

Facilities) Act, 1934.

(2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Minerals to which this Act applies

Iron ore and Ironstone.

Tin ore.

Lead ore.

Zinc ore.

Copper ore.

Tungsten ore.

Fluorspar.

Barytes.

Oil shale.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the law with respect to gas

undertakings.

[2Sth June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Capital and Renewal Funds.

1.—(1) The Board of Trade may, on an application

made in that behalf by any undertakers being a company,

authorise the applicants, notwithstanding anything in

any enactment relating to them but subject to such

conditions as the Board think fit to impose, to offer for

subscription by the public any share capital to be issued

Short title

and extent.

Issue of

share capital

by undertakers.

143 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

for the purposes of their gas undertaking after the

commencement of this Act in lieu of offering that capital

by public auction or tender.

(2) Where, on an application under this section, it

appears to the Board that share capital of the applicants,

being capital of the same class as that to which the

application relates, is officially quoted on the London

stock exchange and has been dealt in on that exchange

during the period of twenty-eight days immediately

preceding the application, the Board shall not authorise

the capital to be offered as aforesaid at a price less by

more than five per cent, than the average market price

of the applicants’ share capital of that class during that

period, and, in ascertaining the said average market

price, the mean daily quotation recorded in the London

stock exchange daily list of officially quoted securities

shall be taken, but due allowance shall be made for

any accruing dividend.

(3) Where, on such an application, it appears to the

Board that share capital of the applicants, being capital

of the same class as that to which the application relates,

is not officially quoted on the London stock exchange or

has not been dealt in on that exchange during the period

of twenty-eight days immediately preceding the application, the Board shall not authorise the capital to be

offered as aforesaid unless they are satisfied that the

proposed terms of the offer are the best obtainable by

the applicants, and for that purpose the applicants shall

furnish the Board with such documents and information

(including a written opinion of the secretary of, or a

member of, some recognised stock exchange in Great

Britain as to the said proposed terms) as the Board of

Trade may require.

(4) Where any amount of the share capital created

for the purposes of the gas undertaking of any undertakers being a company has once been offered for

sale by auction or tender in accordance with the provisions of any enactment relating' to the company or

for subscription by the public in accordance with

the foregoing provisions of this section, but has not been

disposed of, the directors of the company may, notwithstanding anything in any enactment requiring the

said amount to be offered a second time for sale by

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

149

auction or tender as aforesaid, dispose of the said

amount in such manner as they think best for the

purpose of obtaining the highest price obtainable therefor, subject, in the case of a company within the

meaning of the Companies Act, 1929, to the memo- 19 & 20

randum and articles of the company and the provisions Geo. 5. 0 .23.

of that Act.

(5) Any enactment which requires undertakers to

give to any person more than fourteen days’ notice of an

intention to offer share capital for sale by auction or

tender shall have effect, if and in so far as it relates to

capital issued for the purposes of their gas undertaking,

as if fourteen days were substituted for the period of

notice specified in the enactment.

2. Any provision in any enactment which requires Mode of

undertakers to offer for sale by public auction or tender issue of

any debenture stock to be issued by them shall cease to debenture

have effect. stock.

3. —(1) It shall be lawful for any undertakers, being Power for

a company incorporated by Act of Parliament, to pay a certain

commission to any person in consideration of his sub- undertakers

scribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or

conditionally, for any share capital to be offered for writing

subscription by the undertakers for the purposes of their commission,

gas undertaking, or of his procuring or agreeing to

procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional,

therefor, if—

(a) the commission paid or agreed to be paid does

not exceed one-and-a-half per cent., or, if the

Board of Trade consent, three per cent., of the

price at which the capital is issued; and

(b) the amount or rate per cent, of the commission

paid or agreed to be paid is disclosed in every

prospectus, advertisement or other document

published by the undertakers relating to the

offer of the capital for subscription.

(2) In relation to any undertakers, being a company

within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1929, subsection (1) of section forty-three of that Act shall have

effect, as respects any shares in the company to be

issued for the purposes of its gas undertaking, as if the

150

Ch. 28.

Power for

certain

undertakers

to issue

redeemable

preference

and debenture stock.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

following paragraph were substituted for paragraph (6)

thereof, that is to say, —

" (b) the commission paid or agreed to be paid does

not exceed one-and-a-half per cent., or, if the

Board of Trade consent, three per cent., of the

price at which the shares are issued, or the

amount or rate authorised by the articles,

whichever is the less; and "

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of

any undertakers to pay such brokerage as it has heretofore been lawful for them to pay.

4.—(1) In the case of a company incorporated by

Act of Parliament being undertakers, the directors of the company may, subject to the provisions of this

section and of any enactment limiting the share capital

or borrowing powers of the company, from time to time

issue so as to be redeemable any preference or debenture

stock created by the company for the purpose of its gas

undertaking, and issue so as to be redeemable or

irredeemable as they think fit any redeemed stock

created as aforesaid:

Provided that, unless authorised so to do by a

resolution passed at a general meeting of the company,

the directors shall not—

(a) issue so as to be redeemable any stock created by

the company before the commencement of this Act other than redeemed stock; or

(b) issue any redeemed stock except for the purpose

of effecting the redemption of redeemable

stock.

(2) Redeemable and redeemed stock issued by virtue

of this section shall be issued and redeemed subject

to and in accordance with the provisions of the First

Schedule to this Act.

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall be in

substitution for any existing powers possessed by any such

company as aforesaid relating to the issue of redeemable

and redeemed stock for the purposes of its gas undertaking:

Provided that, if at the commencement of this Act

any redeemable stock issued by the directors of any such

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

151

company by virtue of any enactment, or any redeemed

stock issued as aforesaid so as to be redeemable, has not

been redeemed, then, until the redemption thereof,

nothing in this section shall apply to that stock and

the said enactment shall continue to have effect as

respects that stock.

(4) In this section and in the First Schedule to this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby

respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Issue " includes re-issue;

" Redeemable stock" means preference or debenture

stock issued so as to be redeemable;

" Redeemed stock" means redeemable stock which

has been redeemed.

5.—(1) Where any undertakers, being a company,

are authorised by any enactment to establish and maintain a renewal fund subject to certain limitations, the

annual contributions to, and the amount of, the fund

shall, subject to the provisions of this section, instead of

being limited as provided by that or any other enactment

applying to the undertakers, be limited as follows, that

is to say, —

(a) the aggregate amount contributed to the fund in

any year shall not exceed one-half per cent, of the capital of the undertakers; and

(b) the amoimt of the fund shall not exceed five per

cent, of the capital of the undertakers.

(2) Where, on an application made to the Board of

Trade by any undertakers authorised as aforesaid, the

Board are satisfied either that the undertakers have not

supplied more than five million therms in the form of gas

during any of the five years immediately preceding the

date of the application or that the undertakers are not

thermal unit undertakers, the Board may by order

authorise the amount of the renewal fund of those undertakers to be increased to seven-and-a-half per cent, of the capital of the undertakers:

Provided that, where in any year after an order has

been made with respect to any undertakers under this

Limits of

renewal

fund.

152 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

subsection those undertakers supply more than five

million therms in the form of gas, then—

(a) if at the end of that year the amount of the

renewal fund is not in excess of five per cent, of the capital of the undertakers, the order shall

cease to have effect at the end of that year;

and

(b) if at the end of that year the amount of the

renewal fund is in excess of the said percentage,

no further contributions shall be made to the

fund so long as it continues to be so in excess,

and when it ceases to be so in excess, the order

shall cease to have effect.

(3) In this section the expression "capital, " in

relation to any undertakers, means the aggregate amount

of the paid up share capital of those undertakers created

and issued for the purposes of their gas undertaking

and not redeemed, of any premiums paid in respect

of share capital created and issued for the said purposes,

and of any sums which have been raised by the undertakers for the said purposes on mortgage or by the

creation and issue of debenture stock and have not been

paid off.

(4) Where any such sums raised by undertakers

as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection are

paid off and in consequence thereof the amount of the

renewal fund of those undertakers exceeds the amount

for the time being authorised by or under this section,

no further contributions shall be made to the fund so

long as the amount thereof exceeds the amount so

authorised, and thereafter no contributions shall be

made to the fund so as to increase its amount beyond

the amount so authorised, but save as aforesaid the fund

may be maintained at any amount to which it had

lawfully been raised when the said sums were paid off.

(5) Nothing in this section—

(a) shall affect the right of any undertakers under

any enactment to contribute to their renewal

fund in any year, or to maintain the fund at,

an amount larger than that authorised by the

provisions of this section; or

(b) shall apply to any undertakers who carry on,

or are authorised by any enactment or by

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

153

their memorandum of association to carry on,

any business in addition to that of a gas

undertaking, unless the accounts of the

undertakers are in the opinion of the Board

of Trade so kept as to enable the amount of

their capital, as defined by this section, to be

ascertained.

Charges for Gas.

6 .—(1) Any thermal unit undertakers may, at any

time after the commencement of this Act and from time

to time thereafter, give notice in writing to every local

authority stating the price per therm at which they

are prepared for the time being to supply gas to persons

who are entitled to a supply of gas from those undertakers and do not enter into a special contract for the

supply thereof:

Provided that—

(a) where such a notice is given by undertakers

who are required to charge, or are authorised

and propose to charge, a different price as

respects different areas, a different price

shall be stated in the notice as respects each

of those areas; and

(b) the price stated in any such notice, either

generally or as respects any area, shall not

exceed the price which the undertakers are

authorised to charge for gas supplied generally

or in that particular area, as the case may be,

by any enactment for the time being applying

to them.

(2) Subject to the provisions of proviso (a) to the

last foregoing subsection, the price stated in any such

notice shall be the same for every therm supplied in the

form of gas by the undertakers otherwise than under a

special contract.

(3) 1 Where a notice has at any time been given under

this section by any thermal unit undertakers, the

following fprevisions of this subsection shall apply to

them, that is to say, —

(a) the price charged by the undertakers for gas

supplied to any premises otherwise than under

Publication

of prices by

undertakers

and consequences

thereof.

154 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

a special contract shall not differ from the

published price, and no discount shall be allowed

from that price, except such discount, if any,

as the undertakers allow for prompt payment;

(b) the undertakers shall exhibit and keep exhibited

in a conspicuous position at all their showrooms

and offices which are open to the public a copy

of the latest notice given by them to the local

authority or local authorities under this section,

and shall, whenever they publish any general

statement of their charges in respect of gas,

include therein the price or prices stated in the

said latest notice;

(c) if the undertakers fail to comply with the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, they

shall for each offence be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds

or, in the case of a continuing offence, five

pounds for each day during which the default

continues;

(d) for the purpose of the provisions of any enactment relating to the undertakers, being

provisions—

(i) prescribing a maximum price which

may be charged by the undertakers in respect

of gas; or

(ii) prescribing a standard price in respect

of gas supplied by the undertakers and

providing for variations in the rate of dividend payable by them according to the

highest price actually charged by them in

respect of gas; or

(iii) prohibiting the undertakers in a case

where an enactment prescribes a basic price

in respect of gas supplied by them and a

basic rate of dividend payable by them, from

paying a dividend in excess of a rate specified

in the enactment, or making any payment

for the benefit of employees or to a reserve

fund, when the price charged by them to

any person in respect of gas has equalled or

exceeded a price so specified; or

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

155

(iv) prescribing or limiting the price to be

charged for gas supplied to public lamps; or

(v) requiring the undertakers to charge a

different price for gas supplied as respects

different areas;

no account shall be taken of charges made by

the undertakers under a special contract.

(4) In relation to any thermal unit undertakers,

being the council of a county or county borough, the

provisions of this section shall have effect as if references

to the Board of Trade were substituted for references to

the local authority or local authorities:

Provided that, where the limits of supply of any

thermal unit undertakers, being the council of a county

borough, extend beyond the boundaries of the borough,

references to the Board of Trade shall be added to, and

not substituted for, references to the local authority or

local authorities.

(5) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "published price, " in relation

to any undertakers, means the price stated

in the latest notice given to the local

authority or local authorities by those

undertakers in accordance with this section,

or where different prices have been so stated

for different areas, the price so stated for

the area in which the premises in relation

to which the expression is used are situated;

(b) the expression "special contract" means a contract made by undertakers under section

thirteen of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, 10 & 11

for the supply of gas to any premises at a Vict. o. 15.

price different from the published price.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the rights conferred upon undertakers by section eleven

of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, of requiring such a 34 & 35

contract to be entered into, and such security to be given, Vict. c. 41.

as is mentioned in that section.

7.—(1) The following amendments shall be made in Provisions

section thirteen of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847 83 to special

contracts.

156

Repeal of

limitation on

discounts.

Imposition

of statutory

powers and

duties on

Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(which empowers undertakers to enter into contracts),

that is to say—

(a) after the words "private building " there shall

be inserted the words "or any premises ";

(b) at the end of the section the following proviso

shall be inserted—

" Provided that the terms of every contract

made under this section in the like circumstances and for the same purposes shall be

alike."

(2) For the purpose of the proviso to the said

section thirteen as amended by the last foregoing subsection, gas supplied through a prepayment meter and

gas supplied through any other kind of meter shall not

be deemed to be supplied in different circumstances by

reason only of the difference between the meters:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

taken to prevent the additional charge for the hire of

a prepayment meter and any fittings used in connection

therewith being calculated according to the number of

therms or the quantity of gas supplied through the meter.

(3) The said section thirteen as amended by this

section shall be deemed to be incorporated in every

enactment authorising undertakers to supply gas,

whether passed or made before or after the commencement of this Act, and any provision of any enactment

passed or made before the commencement of this Act shall,

in so far as it amends the said section thirteen otherwise

than as provided by this section, cease to have effect:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect

any contract made before the commencement of this Act.

8. Any provision of any enactment passed or made

before the commencement of this Act which limits the

amount of any discount which undertakers may allow

from the charges made by them for gas supplied shall

cease to have effect.

Non-statutory Undertakers and Undertakers other than

Thermal Unit Undertakers.

9. —-(1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade that

any non-statutory undertakers have in the year nineteen

hundred and thirty-four or any subsequent year supplied

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

157

more than thirty million cubic feet of gas, the Board

may, at any time after the end of the first of those years

in which those undertakers supplied more than that

quantity of gas, and shall before the expiration of the

two next following years, serve upon those undertakers

a notice under this section:

Provided that no such notice shall be served before

the first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-

six, and the Board shall not be required to serve any

such notice before the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-eight.

(2) If, on an application made by a local authority

at any time after the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-nine, it appears to the Board of

Trade—

(a) that any non-statutory undertakers supplying

gas within the area of the applicants supplied

more than twenty million cubic feet of gas

(whether within the area of the applicants or

not) in the year preceding the application; and

(b) that the supply of gas maintained by those

undertakers within the area of the applicants in

that year was insufficient or otherwise unsatisfactory and that at the date of the application

no sufficient steps had been taken to remedy the

matter;

the Board shall serve upon those undertakers a notice

under this section.

(3) A notice under this section shall require the

undertakers within six months from the date of the

notice to make an application to the Board of Trade for a

special order under section ten of the principal Act containing provisions—

(a) authorising the undertakers to manufacture and

supply gas within the limits specified in the

order;

(b) applying to the undertakers the provisions of the

Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, and of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871;

(c) requiring the undertakers to charge for gas

according to the number of British thermal

units supplied;

non-

statutory

undertakers.

158 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(d) regulating the price to be charged by them for

gas and, in the case of undertakers not being a

local authority, the capital of the undertakers

and the dividend in respect thereof;

but any draft order submitted by the undertakers in

pursuance of the notice may vary or except any provision

of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, or of the Gasworks

Clauses Act, 1871, in manner provided by any special

Act for the time being in force, and may contain any

other provision which could lawfully be made by an order

made under section one or section ten of the principal Act.

(4) If any non-statutory undertakers upon whom a

notice has been served under this section fail to make an

application as required by the notice, or withdraw or

fail to proceed with the application, or submit a draft

order which is not approved by the Board of Trade, the

Board—

(a) shall themselves prepare a draft order containing the provisions required by the notice and

such other provisions (being provisions which

those undertakers could have included in an

order submitted in pursuance of the notice)

as the Board may think necessary or expedient;

and

(b) shall send by registered post to those undertakers

a copy of the draft order prepared by them and

take steps to make the order as if those undertakers had applied for it to be made under

section ten of the principal Act;

and the provisions of subsections (3), (4) and (5) of the

said section ten shall apply accordingly, except that the

reference to the undertakers concerned in section eighty

1 Edw. 7. of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, as applied by

c. 22. the said subsection (3) shall be construed as a reference

to the Board of Trade.

(5) Where a notice under this section has been

served on any non-statutory undertakers, the Board of

Trade may—

(a) serve upon those undertakers a demand in writing

requiring them to furnish the Board with such

returns and other information relating to their

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

159

gas undertaking as the Board may think

necessary or expedient; and

(b) authorise in writing any person to enter at all

reasonable times any premises occupied by those

undertakers for the purpose of inspecting any

works used by them for the purpose of their

gas undertaking.

(6) If any non-statutory undertakers fail to comply

with any such demand in writing within twenty days

after the service thereof, they shall for each offence be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds, and a further fine of five pounds for

each day during which the default continues, and if

any person obstructs or impedes any person authorised

by the Board as aforesaid in the execution of the powers

conferred by the authority of the Board, he shall for each

offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds.

(7) Any special order made in pursuance of this

section shad have effect for the purposes of sections two

to nine of the principal Act, and may be amended in so

far as it relates to the powers of charging, as if it were an

order made under section one of that Act.

(8) Any notice or demand required or authorised to

be served under this section may be served by registered

post.

10. Gas supplied on and after the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, by any

non-statutory undertakers or undertakers who are not

thermal unit undertakers—

(a) shall not contain any trace of sulphuretted

hydrogen when tested in manner prescribed

under subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act; and

(b) shall be supplied at such pressure in every main,

and in every pipe laid between the main and

the meter having an internal diameter of two

inches or upwards, as to balance a column of

water not less than two inches in height:

Provided that, where any non-statutory undertakers

have not supplied more than twenty million cubic feet

of gas in any of the five years immediately preceding

Purity and

pressure

of gas

supplied by

certain

undertakers.

160

Ch. 28.

Annual

return of

gas supplied

to be

furnished

by non-

statutory

undertakers.

Abolition

of offices

of chief gas

examiner

and gaa

refereesj

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

the said date, the requirements of paragraph (a) of this

section shall not apply to those non-statutory undertakers until the end of the first year after that date in

which they supply more than that quantity of gas.

11. —(1) All non-statutory undertakers shall furnish

to the Board of Trade before the first day of March in

each year a return in such form as the Board may direct

showing the quantity of gas supplied by those undertakers

in the last preceding year.

(2) Within seven days of the date on wdiich the

annual return aforesaid is sent to the Board of Trade

by non-statutory undertakers, those non-statutory

undertakers shall furnish two copies thereof to every

local authority within whose area they supply gas, and

one of those copies shall be open to public inspection

at all reasonable times.

(3) If any non-statutory undertakers fail to comply

with the provisions of this section, they shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty

shillings for each day during which the default continues.

Amendments of Principal Act.

12. —(1) On the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five, the office of chief gas examiner

shall be abolished and subsection (1) of section six and

subsection (6) of section nine of the principal Act shall

cease to have effect, and thereafter any appeal under

subsection (2) of the said section six shall be made to the

Board of Trade, who shall appoint a competent and

impartial person to determine the appeal.

(2) On the first day of January, nineteen hundred

and thirty-nine, the office of gas referees shall be abolished

and thereafter—

(a) save as otherwise provided by this Act, the

functions of the gas referees shall be discharged

by the Board of Trade, and accordingly references in any enactment to the gas referees shall

be construed as references to the Board of

Trade; and

(b) the Board of Trade may appoint not more than

three competent persons to advise the Board

as to the improvement of the methods and

apparatus for testing gas.

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

161

(3) Any person appointed by the Board of Trade

under this section shall be paid such remuneration as the

Board of Trade, with the consent of the Treasury, may

fix.

13.—(1) A local authority may, unless they them- Appoint-

selves supply gas to the public, appoint a competent and ment of gas

impartial person to be the gas examiner for their area for examiners,

such period and on such other terms as they think fit:

Provided that a gas examiner may, by agreement

between two or more local authorities who do not

themselves supply gas to the public, be appointed for

the areas of all those authorities, and where such an

agreement is made, the local authorities may make such

arrangements as they think fit in regard to the joint

appointment and employment of the gas examiner.

(2) On the application of not less than five consumers of gas supplied within the area of a local

authority, being gas which is required by any enactment

for the time being in force to conform to certain

standards of calorific value, purity, pressure or composition, quarter sessions, if satisfied that no gas examiner

has been appointed for that area or that the testing of

gas in the area has been imperfectly attended to, may

appoint a competent and impartial person to be the gas

examiner for that area for such period and on such other

terms as they think fit.

(3) Where a person appointed by any quarter

sessions, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, to be the gas examiner for an area vacates his office

and the local authority for that area themselves supply

gas to the public, or do not within three months of his

vacating office appoint a gas examiner, those quarter

sessions shall, without any further application, appoint a

person to act as examiner in place of the person so

vacating office.

(4) The remuneration and expenses of a person

appointed by quarter sessions to be gas examiner for any

area and the expenses connected with his appointment

(including the costs of any application as a result of

which he ■was appointed), up to an amount approved by

quarter sessions, shall be paid by the local authority for

that area.

L

162

Ch. 28.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(5) It shall be the duty of a gas examiner appointed

under this section for any area to test the gas supplied

within that area, in manner prescribed under subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act and

under subsection (2) of the next following section of this Act, in order to ascertain whether it complies with the

provisions of any enactment for the time being in force

requiring it to conform to certain standards of calorific

value, purity, pressure or composition:

Provided that no gas supplied otherwise than by

thermal unit undertakers shall be tested under this section

before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and

thirty-nine, or more often than once in each quarter.

(6) For the purpose of this section—

(a) the area of a local authority being a county

.council shall not be deemed to include any

urban district or non-county borough within

the county unless the council of that district or

borough themselves supply gas to the public;

and

(b) the expression "quarter sessions, " in relation

to an application as respects any area, means

any court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the area.

(7) Any person holding the office of gas examiner

for any area at the commencement of this Act, whether

appointed by a local authority or by quarter sessions,

shall continue to hold office for that area as if he had

been appointed under the provisions of this section.

Amendment

as to

deficiency in

calorific

value.

14. — (1) If in any quarter the average calorific value

of the gas supplied in an examination area by any thermal

unit undertakers is ascertained to be less than the declared

calorific value, the Board of Trade shall determine as nearly

as may be the sum (in this subsection referred to as " the

excess revenue ") by which the revenue of the undertakers

has been improperly increased thereby, and—

(a) where the excess revenue when divided by the

number of therms supplied by the undertakers

in the said area in the next following quarter

produces a sum less than one-fifth of a penny,

an amount equal to the excess revenue shall

be paid by the undertakers (over and above

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

163

the amount payable under section seven of the principal Act) into the gas fund in the next

following year unless the mean of the average

calorific values of the gas supplied by the

undertakers in the said area in the first

mentioned quarter and in the last preceding

quarter was equal to or greater than the

declared calorific value;

(b) where the excess revenue when divided as aforesaid produces a sum not less than one-fifth

of a penny, the undertakers shall allow to every

consumer who is a consumer in the said area

at the end of the next following quarter in

respect of each therm so supplied to him a

credit of one-fifth of a penny or, where the

sum so produced is not less than two-fifths of

a penny, a credit equal to such simple multiple

of one-fifth of a penny as most nearly approximates to without exceeding the sum so produced,

and the difference (if any) between the excess

revenue and the aggregate amount of such

credits shall be paid into the gas fund as aforesaid.

(2) Whenever, for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, the average calorific value of the gas

supplied in any quarter in an examination area by any

thermal unit undertakers is to be ascertained, it shall be

ascertained by the gas referees or (after the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine) by the

Board of Trade from the reports of tests prescribed

under subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act

or specially prescribed by them for the purpose:

Provided that—

(a) where the gas supplied to a testing place from

one main is tested for the purpose of ascertaining the average calorific value of gas

supplied in two or more examination areas,

the reports of all of those tests shall be taken

into account in ascertaining the average

calorific value of the gas supplied in each of

those areas; and

(b) where separate tests of samples of gas taken

on separate occasions are the only tests for

164 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

calorific value prescribed, no average calorific

value shall be deemed to be ascertained

unless it is ascertained from the reports of

not less than six such tests made in that

quarter.

(3) Where any credit is required by this section to be

allowed in respect of gas supplied in any examination area

by undertakers in any quarter, those undertakers shall

deliver to every consumer of gas supplied by them in that

area, and in that quarter, together with the demand note

for gas charges payable in respect of that quarter, a notice

in writing stating the amount of that credit.

(4) If any undertakers fail to comply with the

provisions of the last foregoing subsection, they shall

for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(5) Where it has been determined, whether before

or after the commencement of this Act, under subsection (4) of section nine of the principal Act that the

revenue of any thermal unit undertakers has been

improperly increased by any sum, and that sum has not

been shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade

before the beginning of the third quarter next after the

passing of this Act to have been applied to a reduction

in the price of gas, that sum shall be treated for the

purposes of subsection (1) of this section as excess

revenue for the said third quarter.

(6) In this section the expression "examination area"

means the area of any local authority for which a gas

examiner is appointed either by that authority or by

a court of quarter sessions.

(7) Any sums payable into the gas fund under

this section shall be recoverable in the same manner as

contributions to that fund.

15. — (1) The power of the Board of Trade to make

special orders under section ten of the principal Act

shall include power to make a special order consolidating

the enactments, other than Public General Acts, applying to any undertakers, either without amendment or

with such amendments as could lawfully be made in

those enactments by a special order.

Amendments as

to special

orders.

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

165

(2) A special order under the said section may be

made as respects any company authorised by any

enactment to supply gas and water, or gas and electricity,

or gas, water and electricity, in like manner as if the

company had been authorised to supply gas alone:

Provided that no special order shall be made as

respects a company authorised to supply water except

after consultation with the Minister of Health, and no

such order shall be made as respects a company authorised

to supply electricity except after consultation with the

Electricity Commissioners.

16. The power of the Board of Trade under

subsection (1) of section fifteen of the principal Act to

require statistics and returns from undertakers shall

include power to require different statistics and returns

from different undertakers, and to require any particular

statistics or returns to be certified by the auditor of the

undertakers.

Miscellaneous and General.

17.—(1) Any undertakers may, upon such terms

as may be agreed, give a supply of gas in bulk to, or

obtain a supply of gas in bulk from, any other undertakers

through a pipe passing through any point at which the

authorised limits of supply of the said undertakers

adjoin.

(2) The power of the Board of Trade to make special

orders under section ten of the principal Act shall include

power to make a special order—

(a) authorising any undertakers to give a supply of

gas in bulk to any other undertakers through

a pipe outside the authorised limits of supply

of either of those undertakers and to lay a

pipe for that purpose;

(b) authorising undertakers, for the purpose of

facilitating supplies of gas within their authorised limits of supply, to lay a pipe outside

those limits;

(c) making provision for the joint use by undertakers of plant, research establishments and

other facilities;

Amendment of

s. 15 of

principal

Act.

Further

facilities

for co-operation

between

undertaken.

166 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(d) providing, in a case where thermal unit undertakers have purchased a gasworks from undertakers who are not thermal unit undertakers,

or from non-statutory undertakers, that, until

such date as may he specified in the special order,

the purchasing undertakers shall continue to

charge for gas supplied from that gasworks

according to the number of cubic feet instead of

according to the number of British thermal units

supplied, and shall be exempt from liability for

any deficiency in the calorific value of the gas

so supplied.

(3) No pipe laid by virtue of the powers conferred

upon undertakers by subsection (1) of this section shall

be deemed to be a main within the meaning of section

eleven of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, as applied to

those undertakers by any enactment, unless gas is

supplied directly from that pipe to any person other

than undertakers, and no pipe laid by virtue of powers

conferred upon undertakers under paragraph (a) or

paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection shall be

deemed to be such a main as aforesaid.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, every

order thereunder in respect of any undertakers shall be

framed so as to secure, that the provisions of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the breaking

up of streets for the purpose of laying pipes and with

respect to the protection of pipes when laid shall, subject

to any variations or exceptions specified in the order,

apply in relation to pipes for the supply of gas by the

undertakers under the order as they apply in relation to

pipes for the supply of gas by the undertakers under

the enactments applying to them before the making of the order.

Notice to

be given by

gas consumers

before

quitting

premises.

18. — (1) If the occupier of any premises, being

premises supplied with gas by meter by any undertakers,

quits the premises without giving notice thereof to

those undertakers in manner provided by this section,

he shall be liable to pay to the undertakers all money

accruing due for gas supplied by them to the premises

and for meter rent up to the next date on which the

register of the meter on the premises is usually ascertained, or the date from which any subsequent occupier

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

167

of the premises requires the undertakers to supply gas

to the premises, whichever first occurs.

(2) The notice to be given under this section by an

occupier of premises shall be given in writing and sent by

registered post or otherwise delivered to the undertakers

at their office so that it is received by the undertakers

at least twenty-four hours before he quits the premises.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section or

a statement of the effect thereof shall be endorsed

upon every demand note for gas charges payable to

undertakers.

19. If a person requiring a supply of gas from any Consumers

undertakers has previously quitted premises at which quitting

gas was supplied to him by those undertakers without premises

paying all money due from him for gas supplied to W)tl ! out

those premises and for meter rent, the undertakers chlrma

may refuse to furnish him with a supply of gas until he

pays the money so due.

20. — (1) Where any undertakers are authorised by Provision

any enactment relating to them to cut off the supply of as to

gas to any premises in consequence of any default on the cutti ng off

part of the occupier of the premises, it shall be lawful for

the undertakers, without prejudice to any other remedy occupier in

which may be lawfully available to them, to disconnect default,

the service pipe at the meter (whether the pipe belongs

to the undertakers or not).

(2) If, without the consent of the undertakers, any

person re-connects with the meter a service pipe which

has been disconnected by virtue of this section, he shall

for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding five pounds, and to a further fine

not exceeding two pounds for each day during which

the pipe remains connected with the meter, and the

undertakers may again disconnect the pipe at the meter.

(3) For the purpose of this section, the undertakers

may, subject to the provisions of section twenty-two of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, exercise the like powers

of entry as are exerciseable under that section.

(4) Where any undertakers have, by virtue of powers

conferred upon them by any enactment, cut off the supply

of gas from any premises in consequence of any default

168 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

on the part of the occupier thereof, the undertakers shall

not be under any obligation to resume the supply of gas

to the occupier so in default until he has made good the

default and paid the reasonable expenses of re-connecting

the supply.

(5) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing

subsection, nothing in this section shall prejudice or

interfere with any rights conferred upon any person by

virtue of section eleven of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871.

Provision 21. — (1) The powers of entry and inspection con-

as to entry ferred on officers appointed by undertakers by section

on premises, twenty-one of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, as

applied to any undertakers by any enactment, shall

include power to enter, at all reasonable times, any

premises in which there is a service pipe connected with

the gas mains of the undertakers, in order to inspect

the meters, fittings and works for the supply of gas,

except in a case where the occupier of the premises has

applied in writing to the undertakers for the disconnection

of the service pipe from the mains and the undertakers

have failed to disconnect it within a reasonable time.

(2) The powers of inspection aforesaid shall, in relation to any premises or part of any premises which are

or is wholly occupied as a factory or workshop within the

meaning of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, extend

only to the inspection of—

(a) such of the meters on the premises, or on that

part of the premises, as the case may be, as are

used by the undertakers for measuring gas

supplied by them; and

(b) the pipes and other fittings and works by which

those meters are connected with the gas mains

of the undertakers.

(3) The notice required to be given by section

twenty-two of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, as

applied to any undertakers by any enactment, before

entering any unoccupied premises under that section

may, in a case where the owner of the premises is unknown

to the undertakers and cannot be ascertained after

diligent inquiry, be given by affixing it upon a conspicuous

part of the premises not less than forty-eight hours before

the premises are entered:

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

169

Provided that, where an entry is made on premises

which could not lawfully have been made but for the

provisions of this subsection, the premises shall be left

no less secure than they were immediately before they

were entered.

(4) In a case where a person entering into occupation

of any premises previously supplied with gas by any

undertakers does not take a supply of gas from the

undertakers or does not hire such of the pipes, meters,

fittings or apparatus on the premises as belong to the

undertakers, the power of entering the premises and

removing pipes, meters, fittings or apparatus thereon

belonging to the undertakers conferred by the said section

twenty-two, as applied to the undertakers by any enactment, may be exercised in like manner as in the cases

specified in that section.

22. Such of the provisions of any enactment as

limit the charges to be made by undertakers in respect of the hire of a prepayment meter and fittings connected

therewith or require such charges to be based on the

quantity of gas or number of therms in the form of gas

supplied through the meter shall not apply to fittings

which—

(a) are of a class or description not ordinarily provided by the undertakers in connection with such

a meter or are of a quality superior to that of

fittings ordinarily so provided; and

(b) are supplied to a consumer at his written request

containing an acknowledgment that he is acquainted with the provisions aforesaid and the

provisions of this section.

23. Where a meter used by a consumer of gas supplied by undertakers, when tested in manner provided

by regulations made by the Board of Trade under the

principal Act, is found to register erroneously to a degree

exceeding the degree permissible under the said

regulations—

(a) the meter shall be deemed to have registered

erroneously to the degree so found since the

penultimate date on which the register of the

meter was ascertained before the date of the

test, except in a case where it is proved to

Amendment

as to charge

for fittings

connected

with a prepayment

meter.

Erroneous

registration

of meters.

170 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

have begun to register erroneously as aforesaid

on some later date; and

(6) the amount of the allowance to be made to, or

the surcharge to be made upon, the consumer

by the undertakers in consequence of the

erroneous registration shall be paid to or by the

consumer, as the case may be, and shall, in the

case of a surcharge, be recoverable in like

manner as charges for gas are recoverable by

the undertakers.

Stand-by 24.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enact-

suppbes. ment, a person shall not be entitled to demand or continue

to receive a supply of gas from any undertakers for the

purposes only of a stand-by supply for any premises

having a separate supply of gas, or having a supply (in

use or ready for use for the purpose for which the stand-by

supply of gas is required) of electricity, steam, or other

form of energy, unless he has agreed with the undertakers

to pay to them such annual sum in addition to any

charge for gas supplied as will give them a reasonable

return on the capital expenditure incurred by them in

providing the stand-by supply, and will cover other

standing charges incurred by them in order to meet the

possible maximum demand for those premises.

(2) Any question arising under this section—

(a) as to whether a supply of gas is demanded or

received for the purpose only of a stand-by

supply; or

(b) as to whether any premises have a separate

supply of gas or have a supply (in use or ready

for use for the purpose for which a stand-by

supply of gas is required) of electricity, steam,

or other form of energy; or

(c) as to the amount of the said annual sum

to be specified in the agreement;

shall in default of agreement be determined by arbitration.

Use of anti- 25.—(1) Where a consumer of gas supplied by under-

fluctuators takers uses the gas for working or supplying an engine

and valves, gas compressor or other similar apparatus (hereafter in

this section referred to as a " compressor "), he shall, if

so required by the undertakers by notice in writing, fix

in a suitable position and keep in use an appliance

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

171

provided by him which will effectually prevent pressure

fluctuation in the supply mains and any other inconvenience or danger being caused to other consumers

of gas by reason that they and the first mentioned

consumer are supplied with gas from the same source.

(2) Where a consumer of gas supplied by undertakers uses for or in connection with the consumption of the gas so supplied any air at high pressure (in this

section referred to as " compressed air ") or any gas not

supplied by the undertakers (in this section referred to as

" extraneous gas "), he shall, if so required by the undertakers by notice in writing, fix in a suitable position and

keep in use an appliance provided by him which will

effectually prevent the admission of the compressed air

or extraneous gas into the service pipe or into any main

through which gas is supplied by the undertakers.

(3) Where a consumer is required by this section to

keep in use any appliance, he shall at his own expense

keep it in proper order and repair, and repair, renew or

replace it if it is not in proper order or repair.

(4) It shall not be lawful for a consumer of gas

supplied by undertakers to use a compressor, or any

apparatus for using compressed air or extraneous gas,

being a compressor or apparatus installed by him after

the commencement of this Act, unless he has given to the

undertakers not less than fourteen days’ notice in writing

of his intention to do so.

(5) If a consumer makes default in complying with

any provision of this section, the undertakers may cut

off the supply of gas to him and shall not be required to

resume the supply until the default has been remedied to

their reasonable satisfaction.

(6) All undertakers shall give notice of the effect of the foregoing provisions of this section to consumers of

gas supplied by them—

(a) in the case of a person who is such a consumer at

the date of the commencement of this Act, on the

demand note for gas charges payable to the

undertakers delivered to that person next after

that date; and

(b) in the case of a person becoming such a consumer

after the said date, on the first such demand note

delivered to that person after he has become a

consumer.

172

Ch. 28.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(7) All undertakers shall have access at all reasonable

times to any premises supplied by them with gas upon

which the undertakers have reason to believe that a

compressor or compressed air or extraneous gas is being

used, in order to ascertain whether the provisions of this

section are being complied with.

(8) All undertakers shall have power to disconnect,

remove, test and replace any appliance which a consumer

of gas supplied by them is required by this section to

keep in use, and any expenses incurred by the undertakers under this subsection shall, if the appliance is

found in proper order and repair, be paid by the undertakers but otherwise shall be paid by the consumer.

Appointment of

officers as

directors.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 16.

26.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, as applied by

any enactment to a company being undertakers—

(a) any person employed as chief engineer, general

manager, or secretary of the company may be

appointed a director of the company whether

he is a shareholder in the company or not, but

not so as to increase the number of the directors

beyond the maximum number prescribed by any

enactment relating to the undertakers;

(b) a person appointed a director of the company

by virtue of the last foregoing paragraph shall

not cease to be a director by reason that he is

employed as aforesaid;

(c) any such appointment may be made by the

directors of the company as well as in manner

provided by the said Act;

(d) the provisions of the said Act requiring directors

to retire by rotation shall have effect as if a

person appointed by virtue of this section were

not a director:

Provided that—

(i) not more than one director of the company

shall hold office at the same time by virtue of this section; and

(ii) any person appointed by the directors by

virtue of this section shall cease to be a

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

173

director as from the date of the next ordinary

general meeting of the company, unless the

appointment is approved at that meeting by

a majority of the votes of the proprietors of the company entitled to vote or voting,

whether personally or by proxy, at the

meeting.

27. —(1) It shall not be lawful after the passing Avoidance

of this Act for a local authority to insert or procure to be of provisions

inserted in any instrument in connection with the sale in leases &c.

or letting of any premises which they own or in which Preventing

they have any interest and which are situated within g^ py °

the authorised limits of supply of undertakers not being

a local authority, a provision restricting the right of any

owner or occupier of the premises to take a supply of

gas from those undertakers.

(2) For the purposes of this section a provision

which would have the effect, in the event of an owner

or occupier of premises taking a supply of gas, of

imposing upon him obligations to which he would not

otherwise be subject or of taking away from him rights

which he would otherwise enjoy shall be deemed to be a

provision restricting his right to take that supply.

(3) Any provision inserted in an instrument in

contravention of this section shall be void.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prohibit the insertion

in any instrument relating to any premises of any reasonable provision regulating the position in any room or other

part of the premises in which fittings used in connection

with a supply of gas are to be placed.

(5) Gvil proceedings to restrain the contravention

by a local authority of the provisions of this section or for

a declaration that any provision in an instrument is

void by virtue of those provisions may be brought by

the undertakers concerned, but nothing in this subsection

shall prejudice the right of any other person concerned or

of the Attorney General to bring such proceedings.

(6) In this section the expression "local authority "

includes a rural district council.

28. —(1) Expenses of the Board of Trade which, in Expenses

the opinion of the Treasury, are directly attributable to an d powers

of the

174 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Board of the execution of their powers and duties under the Gas

Trade. Undertakings Act, 1932, and this Act shall be paid out

22 & 23 of the gas fund, and there shall be included among the

Geo. 5. e. 40. expenses of the Board of Trade to be paid out of the

said fund under this subsection and under subsection (2)

of section seven of the principal Act such sum as, in

the opinion of the Treasury, approximately represents

the amount in each year of the accruing liability in

respect of any superannuation allowances, lump sums

or gratuities to which any officers, inspectors or servants

employed for the purposes of the Gas Undertakings Acts,

1920 to 1932, and this Act, or the legal personal representatives of any such persons, will become entitled

under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919.

(2) The provisions of sections sixteen and seventeen

of the principal Act (which relate to the power of the

Board of Trade to make rules and to the exercise of the

powers of the Board) shall apply for the purpose of the

Gas Undertakings Act, 1932, and of this Act as they apply

for the purpose of the principal Act.

(3) Bor subsection (2) of section sixteen of the

principal Act, there shall be substituted the following

subsection:

" (2) Any rules made under this section shall

be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon

as may be after they are made, and shall cease

to have effect if either House, within the next

subsequent twenty-eight days on which that

House has sat after the date on which the rules

are laid before it, resolves that the rules shall be

annulled, but without prejudice to anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of

new rules."

Expenses of 29.—(1) Expenses incurred under the Gas Underlocal takings Acts, 1920 to 1932, and this Act by a local

authorities, authority or rural district council who themselves supply

gas to the public, shall, if and to the extent that they

are incurred in connection with the authority’s or

council’s gas undertaking, be defrayed as part of the

expenses of that undertaking.

(2) Save as aforesaid, expenses incurred under the

principal Act and this Act by a local authority being a

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

175

county council shall, instead of being defrayed as provided by section twenty of the principal Act, be defrayed

as payments for special county purposes chargeable on

those parts of the county for which the council have

power, or would have power if they did not themselves

supply gas to the public, to appoint a gas examiner, and

expenses incurred under this Act by any other local

authority shall be defrayed in the same manner as

expenses incurred by them under the principal Act.

30. Undertakers being a local authority or rural

district council may, with the consent of the Board of

Trade, pay the reasonable expenses of attendance of any

members of the authority or council or of any officers

employed in connection with the undertaking at a conference or meeting convened by any association formed for

the purpose of consultation as to the common interests

of undertakers and the discussion of matters relating

to the supply of gas, and may purchase the reports of the proceedings of such conference or meeting.

31. — (1) The amendments specified in the second

column of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act

(being minor amendments of the principal Act and the

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929) shall be made in the provisions of those Acts specified in the first column of that

Part of that Schedule and shall come into operation at

the commencement of this Act.

(2) The amendments specified in the second column

of Part II of the said Schedule, being amendments consequential on the abolition of the office of chief gas

examiner, shall be made in the provisions of the principal

Act specified in the first column of that Part of that

Schedule and shall come into operation on the first day

of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

(3) As from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, there shall be substituted for sections

five, six, eight and nine of the principal Act respectively

the provisions set out in Part III of the said Schedule,

being provisions which reproduce the said sections subject

to the amendments made therein by Parts I and II of the

said Schedule and such other amendments as are consequential on the abolition of the office of gas referees and

the provisions of this Act relating to the purity and

Expenses of

members

and officers

of local

authorities,

&c.

Minor and

consequential

amendments.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 24.

176

Ch. 28.

Interpre

tation.

38 &39

Vict. c. 55.

10 & 11

Geo. 6. c. 28.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

pressure of gas supplied by non-statutory undertakers and

undertakers who are not thermal unit undertakers.

32.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have

the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

" Enactment " includes any Public General Act,

any special Act, any provisional order confirmed by an Act and any order made under

section one of the principal Act;

" Declared calorific value " has the meaning assigned

to it by paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of

section one of the principal Act;

" Local authority " has the meaning assigned to it

by section eighteen of the principal Act;

" Non-statutory undertakers" means companies,

bodies or persons who, though not authorised

by any enactment (other than the Public Health

Act, 1875) to supply gas, are engaged in

supplying gas to the public, and for that

purpose make use of pipes or mains laid in any

highway:

Provided that, if any such companies, bodies

or persons, not being local authorities or rural

district councils, show to the satisfaction of the

Board of Trade that they are not primarily

engaged in supplying gas, or gas and water, or

gas and electricity, or gas, water and electricity,

to the public, they shall not be deemed to be

non-statutory undertakers;

" Preference stock " includes preference shares;

"Principal Act" means the Gas Regulation Act, 1920,

as amended by any subsequent Act, including,

unless the context otherwise requires, this Act;

" Quarter" means the three months commencing

on the first day of January, the first day of

April, the first day of July, and the first day of

October in any year;

" Share capital " includes stock not being debenture

stock;

" Therm " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section one of the principal Act;

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

177

" Thermal unit undertakers" means undertakers

who are authorised by any enactment to

charge for gas according to the number of

British thermal units supplied;

" Undertakers " has, except for the purpose of

any provision which relates solely to non-

statutory undertakers, the meaning assigned to

it by section eighteen of the principal Act, so

however that it does not include any undertakers to whom no provision of the principal

Act or the Gas Undertakings Act, 1929, applies;

" Year" means the twelve months commencing on

the first day of January.

(2) In any amendment of the principal Act made by

this Act, the expressions " enactment ", " non-statutory

undertakers", "quarter", " thermal unit undertakers"

and " undertakers " shall have the meanings respectively

assigned to them by the last foregoing subsection.

(3) In calculating for the purpose of any provision

of this or the principal Act the number of therms

supplied in the form of gas by undertakers in any

period, the gas supplied by those undertakers shall be

taken to have been supplied at the declared calorific

value throughout that period.

(4) Where any non-statutory undertakers carry on

two or more gas undertakings, which are not connected

with each other by pipes, the gas supplied by the several

undertakings shall, for the purpose of any provision of this Act relating to non-statutory undertakers, be deemed

to be supplied by different undertakers.

33.—(1) As from the commencement of this Act, Repeals,

the enactments mentioned in Part I of the Third

Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Part of that

Schedule.

(2) As from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-five, the enactments mentioned in

Part II of the said Schedule shall be repealed to the

extent specified in the third column of that Part of

that Schedule.

(3) As from the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-nine, the enactments mentioned in

M

178 Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part III of the said Schedule shall be repealed to the

extent specified in the third column of that Part of that

Schedule, and there shall also be repealed such of the

provisions of any enactment relating to undertakers

as incorporate the provisions of the Gasworks Clauses

Act, 1871, which are repealed by this subsection.

34. Any undertakers being the county council or

the town council of a county or burgh in Scotland in

which the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876, is in

force may, with the sanction of the Secretary of State

(given with the concurrence of the Board of Trade) and

subject to such conditions as he may impose, borrow

such sums as he may approve for the purpose of carrying

into effect any special order made under the Gas Undertakings Acts, 1920 to 1934, and the provisions contained

in the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876 as amended

by any subsequent enactment relating to borrowing powers

(including the provisions as to the guarantee rate) and

to the fixing of the price to be paid for gas shall apply

to moneys borrowed under the powers of this section as

if such moneys had been borrowed under the provisions

and for the purposes of the last-mentioned Act.

Application 35.—(1) In the application of this Act to Scotland

to Scotland, the following modifications shall be made :—

(a) for any reference to the Minister of Health there

shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary

of State;

(b) the expression "local authority" means a county

or a town council, and references to a rural

district council shall not apply;

(c) the expression "highway" means a road or

street maintainable by a county or a town

council;

(d) for any reference to a court of quarter sessions

there shall be substituted a reference to the

sheriff;

(e) the following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (4) of section six of this Act:—

" (4) In relation to any thermal unit undertakers being a county or a town council the

provisions of this section shall have effect as

Power to

Scottish

local authorities to

borrow for

purposes of

special

order.

39 & 40

Vict. c. 49.

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

179

if references to the sheriff clerk were substituted for references to the local authority

or local authorities:

Provided that, where the limits of supply

of any thermal unit undertakers being the

town council of a burgh extend beyond the

boundaries of the burgh, references to the

sheriff clerk shall be added to and not substituted for references to the local authority

or local authorities."

(f) section nine of this Act shall not apply;

(g) subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of this Act

shall not apply, and, save as provided in subsection (1) of the said section, expenses incurred

by a local authority under this Act shall be

defrayed in like manner as expenses under the

principal Act;

(h) section thirty of this Act shall have effect as

if a reference to the Secretary of State were

substituted for any reference to the Board of

Trade;

(i) Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act shall

have effect as if the amendments therein specified of sections ten and eighteen of the principal

Act were omitted therefrom.

(2) Section fifteen and subsection (2) of section

seventeen of this Act shall for the purposes of the

proviso to section six of the Private Legislation Pro- 23 & 24

cedure (Scotland) Act, 1933, be deemed to have been in Geo. 5. o. 37.

force at the passing of that Act.

36.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Gas Under- Short title,

takings Act, 1934, and this Act and the Gas Undertakings citation.

Acts, 1920 to 1932, may be cited together as the Gas extent and

Undertakings Acts, 1920 to 1934. ^"" enoe *

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-four.

180

Ch. 28.

Section 4.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Issue and Redemption of Redeemable and Redeemed Stock by Companies

INCORPORATED BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT.

1. Redeemable stock may be redeemed either by paying

off the stock or by issuing to the holder of the stock (subject

to his consent) other securities of the company in exchange therefor.

2. Redeemable stock shall not be paid off out of revenue,

but any discount allowed on the issue thereof or any premium

payable on the redemption thereof may be written off or paid

out of revenue.

3. For the purpose of redeeming redeemable stock, either

by raising money to pay it off or by providing securities in

exchange therefor, the company may create new securities or

the directors may issue any redeemed stock:

Provided that no new securities shall be created nor shall

any redeemed stock be issued so as to make the total amount of

any particular class of securities exceed the amount of securities

of that class which the company are for the time being authorised to create, except during any necessary interval between

the creation or (in the case of redeemed stock) the issue of the

securities and the completion of the redemption for the purpose

of which the securities of that particular class are proposed to be

so created or issued.

4. The terms of redemption upon which any redeemable

stock is issued shall be stated in any offer by the company of the stock for subscription, sale or exchange, and in the certificate

of the stock, and no term of redemption which is not so stated

shall be binding upon the holder of the stock.

5. Redeemable stock shall, subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, be redeemable at such time and in

such ma nn er and subject otherwise to such terms as the directors

may before the issue thereof determine, and shall bear such

rate of dividend or interest (not exceeding any maximum rate

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

181

prescribed by any enactment in respect of the particular class of

stock) as may be so determined.

6. The redemption of any preference stock issued so as

to be redeemable shall not affect the validity of any mortgage

or debenture stock of which the grant or issue by the company

was lawful in the circumstances existing at the date of its grant

or issue.

7. Any securities issued solely in exchange for redeemable

stock shall not be subject to any enactment which requires

securities of the company to be offered for sale by public

auction or tender or for public subscription.

8. For the purpose of any enactment relating to stamp

duty, the share capital of the company shall not be deemed to

be increased by the issue of share capital in pursuance of this

Schedule for the purpose of redeeming preference stock, if the

preference stock is redeemed before the expiration of such an

interval as is mentioned in the proviso to paragraph three of this Schedule.

9. For the purpose of any enactment which regulates the

annual contributions to, or the amount of, any fund which the

company are authorised to establish, any securities or redeemed

stock created or issued under paragraph three of this Schedule

shall not, during any such interval as is mentioned in the proviso

to that paragraph, be deemed to be share capital or debenture

stock of the company.

10. Notwithstanding any enactment by virtue of which the

issue or raising of share capital by a company has the effect of

increasing the amount which may be borrowed by the company,

the amount which may be so borrowed shall not be increased

by reason of the issue of any share capital of the company

under paragraph three of this Schedule for the purpose of

redeeming preference stock:

Provided that, where the amount raised by the share capital

isshed as aforesaid exceeds the amount raised by the preference

stock redeemed as a result of the issue, nothing in this paragraph

shall prevent the amount which may be borrowed by the

company being increased in proportion to the excess.

11. In this Schedule the expression "securities" means

share capital and debenture stock.

1st Sen.

— cont.

182

Ch. 28.

Sections 31

and 35.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments.

Part I.

Amendments to come into operation at

COMMENCEMENT OF ACT.

Provisions to be

amended. Amendment.

The Gas Regulation Act,

- In subsection (6) for the words "the local

authority " there shall be substituted the

words " every local authority."

- In subsection (2) for the words "one hundred

million cubic feet of gas " there shall be

substituted the words "five million therms

in the form of gas."

- In subsection (2) after the word "decision "

there shall be inserted the words "after

" considering any representations made by

" the parties in writing, or if requested by

" any of them to do so."

In subsection (3) after the word "shall "

there shall be inserted the words "subject to

" the provisions of subsection (3) of section

" nine of this Act."

Section seven - In subsection (3) for the words "each million

" cubic feet of gas sold by them in the

" preceding year " there shall be substituted

the words "each five thousand therms in the

" form of gas sold by them in the preceding

" year, excluding gas sold to other unfler-

" takers in bulk for distribution "; at the

end of the subsection the following proviso

shall be inserted :—

" Provided that the rate prescribed

in respect of gas supplied separately for

industrial purposes only shall be not more

than half the rate prescribed in respect of

other gas."

Section ten - In subsection (1) after the words "local authority " there shall be inserted the words

"rural district council."

1920 :—

Section one

Section five

Section six

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

183

Provisions to be

amended. Amendment

The Gas Regulation Act,

1920:—

Section fifteen - In subsection (2) for the words "the local

authority " there shall be substituted the

words " every local authority."

Section seven- After the word "Secretary, " where it first

teen. occurs, there shall be inserted the words "or

Under Secretary."

Section eighteen In the definition of the expression "gas undertakers " and " undertakers, " after the words

" local authority " there shall be inserted the

words " rural district council ", and after the

words " Act of Parliament ", where they first

occur, there shall be inserted the words

" (other than the Public Health Act, 1875) ",

The Gas Undertakings Act,

1929 :—

Section one - In subsection (1) after the words "local authority " there shall be inserted the words "or

rural district council ".

In subsection (2) for the words "the local

authority ", where they first occur, there

shall be substituted the words "every local

authority " and for the words "the local

authority " where they secondly occur, there

shall be substituted the words "any local

authority ".

Section two - After the words "local authority " there shall

be inserted the words "or rural district

council ".

Section three - In subsections (1) and (2), the words "raised

" by the undertakers on mortgage or by the

" creation and issue of debenture stock "

shall cease to have effect.

At the end of the section there shall be inserted

the following new subsection—

• " (5) In this section the expression

‘ outstanding loans means sums which

have been raised by the undertakers on

mortgage or by the creation and issue of

debenture stock and have not been paid off."

2nd Sch.

— cont.

184

Ch. 28.

2nd Sch.

— cent.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Provisions to be

amended.

Amendment.

The Gas Undertakings Act,

1929— cont.

Section five

Section six

Section seven -

Section nine

In subsection (3) for the words "the local

authority " there shall be substituted the

words " every local authority ".

In subsection (1), after the words "supplied,

and " there shall be inserted the words

" subject to the provisions of any special

" order made under section ten of the

" principal Act."

At the end of subsection (5) the following words

shall be inserted, "or, in a case where the

" Board of Trade are satisfied that the

" undertakers would not have supplied more

" than that quantity of gas in the last-

" mentioned year if they had not purchased

" some other undertaking during that year,

" such later date as the Board may prescribe

" by the order aforesaid."

In paragraph (a) after the word "failed, " there

shall be inserted the words "at the date of the application."

After the word "undertakers " where that word

first occurs there shall be inserted the words

" (not being a company within the meaning

" of the Companies Act, 1929)."

Part II.

Amendments of Principal Act to come into operation

on the 1st January, 1935.

Section six - In subsection (2) for the words "chief gas

examiner, who " there shall be substituted

the words "Board of Trade, who shall

" appoint a competent and impartial person

" to determine the appeal, and that person ",

and for the word "whose, " there shall be

substituted the word "his ".

In subsection (3) for the words "by the chief

gas examiner " there shall be substituted

the words "on appeal &s aforesaid ".

Tn subsection (4) for the words "the chief gas

examiner " there shall be substituted the words

" a person appointed by the Board of Trade

under this section."

1934.

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1934.

Ch. 28.

185

Provisions to be

amended. Amendment.

Section nine - For subsection (5) the following subsection shall

be substituted :—

" (5) Proceedings against any undertakers in respect of any forfeiture incurred

under this Act may be commenced at any

time within three months after the date

of the report of the gas examiner which

is evidence of their liability to that

forfeiture:

Provided that, in the event of an appeal

to the Board of Trade against any such

report, proceedings may be commenced

within three months after the determination

of the appeal or, in a case where the appeal

is withdrawn, within three months after

the date of the receipt by the Board of

notice of its withdrawal."

Part III.

Provisions to be substituted as from the 1st January,

1939, for Sections 5, 6, 8 and 9 of Principal Act.

6.—(1) The Board of Trade shall prescribe—

(a) the places at which and the apparatus and method by

which tests are to be made to ascertain whether any

undertakers or non-statutory undertakers are supplying gas in conformity with the requirements of

any enactment for the time being in force as to the

calorific value, purity, pressure or composition of the

gas; and

(b) in the case of thermal unit undertakers in whose case

intermittent tests are prescribed, the frequency of the

tests and the manner of distribution of all or any of the tests throughout the quarter; and

(c) the method by which any such apparatus is to be

verified; and

(d) the time and form of the reports to be made by the

gas examiner to the Board of Trade and the local

authority or court of quarter sessions by which he was

2nd Sch.

— cant.

Manner of

testing gas.

Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

appointed, and to the undertakers or non-statutory

undertakers, as the case may be, to whom the reports

relate, and the means by which the results of the tests

are to be made available to the public:

Provided that any testing place provided by thermal unit

undertakers in pursuance of any special or other Act of Parliament

relating to the undertaking shall, unless otherwise agreed between

the undertakers and the local authority by whom the gas

examiner was appointed, be deemed to be a prescribed testing

place under this section, but the Board of Trade may, if they

think fit, prescribe any additional testing place in respect of that

undertaking.

(2) The prescribed apparatus shall, in the case of any

thermal unit undertakers who have sold in the preceding year

more than five million therms in the form of gas, and in the case

of any other thermal unit undertakers, if it appears to the Board

of Trade to be necessary, include a calorimeter for the production

of a continuous record of the calorific value of the gas which is

being supplied.

(3) All undertakers and non-statutory undertakers shall

provide and maintain to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade

the testing places prescribed in their case and shall give any gas

examiner access to any such testing place for the proper execution

of his duty.

(4) All thermal unit undertakers shall provide and maintain

to the satisfaction of the Board the apparatus prescribed in

their case.

(5) On any occasion on which the gas examiner tests the

gas supplied by undertakers or non-statutory undertakers, a

representative of the undertakers or non-statutory undertakers,

as the case may be, may be present, and a representative of

thermal unit undertakers may be present on any occasion on

which the gas examiner inspects, alters, adjusts, or replaces the

testing apparatus provided by them, but no such representative

shall in any way interfere with the test or with the inspection,

alteration, adjustment or replacement of the apparatus.

For the purposes of this subsection, the gas examiner shall,

in cases where the testing place is situated elsewhere than on

the works of the undertakers or non-statutory undertakers, give

them reasonable notice of the time at which he will attend at

the testing place.

(6) A person authorised in writing by the Board of Trade

may at any time, where it appears to the Board necessary for

the proper execution of their duties under this section, enter

upon and inspect the works of any undertakers or non-statutory

undertakers, and the undertakers or non-statutory undertakers,

186

2nd Sch,

— cont.

1934. Gas Undertakings Ch. 28.

Act, 1934.

as the case may be, shall afford that person full facilities for

that purpose and shall furnish the Board of Trade with such

information with regard to the position of their mains and pipes,

and with regard to any other matter, as the Board of Trade may

reasonably require.

(7) If any undertakers or non-statutory undertakers or any

local authority think themselves aggrieved by any prescription

of the Board of Trade made under this section, they may, within

twenty-one days of the making of the prescription, notify the

Board in writing of their objection thereto and thereupon the

Board (unless they modify the prescription to the satisfaction

of the objectors) shall refer the objection to the arbitration of a

competent and impartial person to be appointed for the purpose

by the Lord Chancellor, and that person may confirm, with or

without modification, or annul the prescription, and his decision,

after considering any representations made by the objectors or

by the Board in writing and if requested by either of them to do

so, after hearing the objectors and the representatives of the

Board, shall be final and conclusive.

(8) Any decision of a person appointed by the Lord

Chancellor as aforesaid purporting to have been signed by

him shall for all purposes and to all intents be prima facie

evidence of the due making and signing thereof without proof

of such signature.

6.—(1) If any undertakers or non-statutory undertakers

think themselves aggrieved by any report of a gas examiner,

they may within twenty-one days appeal to the Board of Trade

who shall appoint a competent and impartial person to determine

the appeal, and that person may confirm with or without amendment or annul the report, and his decision, after considering any

representations made by the parties in writing, and, if requested

by any of them to do so, after hearing the parties, shall be final

and conclusive.

(2) The report of a gas examiner (including any such report

as amended on appeal as aforesaid) showing any failure to comply

with the provisions of any enactment as to the calorific value,

purity, pressure or composition of gas, shall, subject to the

provisions of subsection (4) of section nine of this Act, be

conclusive evidence of the liability of the undertakers or non-

statutory undertakers supplying the gas to a forfeiture in

respect thereof.

(3) Any decision of a person appointed by the Board of

Trade under this section purporting to have been signed by him

shall, for all purposes and to all intents, be prima facie evidence

of the due making and signing thereof without proof of such

signature.

187

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Appeals to

Board of

Trade from

gas examiner.

188

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Penalties

for failure to

comply with

prescription

of Board of

Trade, &c.

Forfeiture

for deficient

calorific

value, &c.

Ch. 28. Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

8. If any undertakers or non-statutory undertakers fail—

(a) to comply with any lawful prescription of the Board of

Trade under this Act relating to them or to provide

or maintain any testing place, apparatus or materials

or any other matter or thing which they are required

to provide or maintain by this Act or any such

prescription; or

(b) to afford to the gas examiner or a person authorised in

writing by the Board of Trade access to any testing

place or works in accordance with the requirements of this Act; or

(c) to afford or furnish any facilities or information in

accordance with the requirements of this Act;

they shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty-five pounds and, in the case of a continuing offence, to a

further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day during which

the default continues.

9. —(1) If for a period of two hours or upwards the calorific

value of gas supplied by any thermal unit undertakers, ascertained

in accordance with the provisions of this Act, is more than five

per cent, below the declared calorific value, the undertakers

shall be liable on summary conviction to a forfeiture not exceeding

five pounds for every complete one per cent, by which the

calorific value is deficient in excess of such five per cent.

(2) If, where there is no continuous record of the calorific

value of the gas supplied by any such undertakers, the calorific

value of gas so supplied is found at any testing place on any

occasion of testing to be more than five per cent, below the

declared calorific value, a second testing shall be made after an

interval of not less than one hour, and the mean of the two

testings shall be deemed for the purpose of the last foregoing

subsection to be the calorific value of the gas supplied by the

undertakers at that testing place for a period of two hours

ascertained as aforesaid.

(3) If on any occasion the gas supplied by any undertakers

or non-statutory undertakers does not conform with the provisions

as to purity or pressure contained in any enactment for the

time being in force relating to them, they shall be liable on

summary conviction—

(a) in the case of thermal unit undertakers, to a forfeiture

not exceeding ten pounds; and

(b) in the case of any other undertakers or non-statutory

undertakers, to a forfeiture not exceeding five pounds.

1934. Gas Undertakings Ch. 28.

Act, 1934.

(4) No undertakers or non-statutory undertakers shall be

liable to any forfeiture under this section in any case where they

show that the deficiency or failure was due to circumstances not

within their control, or be liable for more than one forfeiture in

respect of any day for any deficiency in pressure, composition or

purity of gas supplied from any one works cr, in the case of

thermal unit undertakers, for any deficiency in calorific value

of gas so supplied.

(5) Proceedings against any undertakers or non-statutory

undertakers in respect of any forfeiture incurred under this Act

may be commenced at any time within three months after the

date of the report of the gas examiner which is evidence of their

liability to that forfeiture:

Provided that, in the event of an appeal to the Board of

Trade against any such report, proceedings may be commenced

within three months after the determination of the appeal or, in

a case where the appeal is withdrawn, within three months after

the date of the receipt by the Board of notice of its withdrawal.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Part I.

Enactments repealed as from commencement of Act.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.

The Gaa Regulation

Subsections (3) and (4) of

c. 28.

Act, 1920.

section four; subsection (4)

of section nine; in section

eighteen the definition of the expression "quarter

sessions ",

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

The Gas Undertakings

In subsections (1) and (2) of

c. 24.

Act, 1929.

section three the words

" raised by the undertakers

" on mortgage or by the

" creation and issue of

" debenture stock "; so

much of the Schedule as

amends section eighteen of the Gas Regulation Act,

1920.

189

2nd Sch.

—c ont.

Section 33.

190

Ch. 28.

3kd Sch.

— cont.

Gas Undertakings 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II.

Enactments repealed as from the 1st January, 1935.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

The Gas Regulation

In subsection (1) of section

c. 28.

Act, 1920.

four the words "The Board

" of Trade shall also ap-

" point a competent and

" impartial person to be

" chief gas examiner " and

the words "and the chief

gas examiner "; subsection (1) of section six;

in subsections (1) and (2)

of section seven the words

" the chief gas examiner

" and "; paragraphs (6)

and (c) of the proviso to

section eight; subsection

(6) of section nine.

Part III.

Enactments repealed as from the 1st January, 1939.

34 & 35 Vict,

c. 41.

* The Gasworks Clauses

Act, 1871.

In section twelve the words

from " and such gas " to

the end of the section; in

section twenty-eight paragraph 2 and the words

" and purity "; in sections twenty-nine and

thirty the words "and

purity "; in section thirty-

three the words "or

purity in section thirty-

six the words ‘‘ under such

pressure as is prescribed "

and " under less pressure "

and " or of less purity "; in

Schedule A paragraph 2 of

Part I and paragraph II of

Part II.

1934. Gas Undertakings Ch. 28, 29.

Act, 1934.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 28 *

The Gas Regulation

Act, 1920.

Section four; subsection (1)

and paragraphs (a) and (6)

of subsection (2) of section

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

c. 24.

The Gas Undertakings

Act, 1929.

seven.

So much of the Schedule aa

amends sections four, six

and nine of the Gas Regulation Act, 1920.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, 1920 to 1933, and to make further provision

for the training and assistance of persons who

are capable of, and available for, work but have

no work or only part-time or intermittent work;

and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid.

[28th June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Amendment of Unemployment Insurance Acts.

Insured Persons.

1.—(1) The minimum age for entry into insurance

under the principal Act shall, instead of being the age

of sixteen years, be the age (not being less than fourteen

years) when a person attains the age at which under the

law for the time being in force his parents cease to be

under an obligation to cause him to attend school unless

there is some reasonable excuse.

191

3bd Sch.

— ccmt.

Age for

entry into

insurance

and contri

buttons in

respect of

persons

under

sixteen.

192

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part I. (2) The rates of contribution applicable under the

— coni- Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1933, in the case

of persons under the age of eighteen years shall apply only

as respects persons who are between the ages of sixteen

and eighteen years, and the contributions payable .under

the Unemployment Insurance Acts by employed persons

and their employers shall, in the case of persons who

have not attained the age of sixteen years be at the

following rates, that is to say, from the employed person

for each week twopence, and from the employer for each

week twopence.

(3) Subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, the Minister shall, after consultation with the Board of

Education and the Scottish Education Department, and

with the approval of the Treasury, provide by regulations

for crediting with contributions any persons who, after

attaining the age at which the period of compulsory

elementary instruction ends, have continued to receive

whole-time education, and the provisions of Part II of

that Schedule shall have effect as to the reckoning of

contributions so credited.

Regulations made under this subsection shall not

come into force until the expiration of twelve months

after the coming into operation of this section, but as

from the date on which they come into force shall apply

to persons who, having previously (whether before or

after the commencement of this Part of this Act)

attained the age aforesaid, have continued and are then

continuing to receive whole time education.

(4) This section shall come into operation on the

third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four, or on such earlier date as the Minister may by

order direct.

Power to

enlarge or

restrict

excepted

employments.

2.—(1) Where it appears to the Minister that the

terms and conditions of service of, and the nature of the work performed by any class of persons employed

in an excepted employment are so similar to the terms

and conditions of service of, and the nature of the work

performed by, a class of persons employed in an

insurable employment as to result in anomalies in the

operation of the Unemployment Insurance Acts, the Minister may, by regulations made with the consent of

i 1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

193

the Treasury, either unconditionally or subject to such Part I.

conditions as may be specified in the regulations, either— —cont.

(a) provide for including the class of persons employed

in insurable employment among the classes of

persons employed in excepted employment; or

(b) provide for including the class of persons employed

in excepted employment among the classes of

persons employed in insurable employment.

(2) Section four of the principal Act shall cease

to have effect but any order or special order made under

that section shall continue in force and have effect as

if the provisions thereof had been made by regulations.

(3) The Minister may by regulations provide, subject to

such exceptions and conditions as he thinks fit, for adding

any class of employment to the excepted employments

only as respects persons who are in any week employed

in that class of employment to such extent (being in

the opinion of the Minister inconsiderable) as may be

specified in the regulations.

Benefit.

3.—(1) An insured contributor who is between the Right to,

ages of sixteen and sixty-five years and is unemployed and dura-

shall, if he proves that the statutory conditions are tion of .

fulfilled in his case, and if he is not disqualified under the benefit *

Unemployment Insurance Acts for the receipt of benefit,

be entitled, subject to the provisions of those Acts, to

receive in a benefit year, benefit—

(a) in respect of periods not exceeding in the

aggregate one hundred and fifty-six days; and

(b) if qualified for additional days under the provisions of the next following subsection, in

respect of additional days of which the maximum

number shall be computed in manner provided

by that subsection.

(2) The following provisions shall have effect with

respect to additional days—

(a) an insured contributor shall be qualified for

additional days if at the beginning of the benefit

year five insurance years have elapsed since the

beginning of the insurance year in which he first

became such a contributor, so, however, that a

N

194

Part I.

— cont.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 30.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

person shall cease to be so qualified if at the

beginning of any benefit year five consecutive

insurance years have elapsed without contributions being paid in respect of him as an

insured contributor, but upon contributions

being again so paid shall be treated for the

purposes of this paragraph as if he had then

first become an insured contributor;

(b) the maximum number of additional days in any

benefit year shall be computed, in the case of

an insured contributor qualified for such days,

by allowing to him days at the rate of three for

every five contributions paid in respect of him

as an insured contributor in respect of the last

five years, less one day for every five- days in

respect of which benefit has been paid to him

in respect of the benefit years which ended in

the last five years.

For the purposes of this paragraph—

(i) the expression "the last five years " means

the period of five complete insurance years

last preceding the beginning of the benefit

year in respect of which the computation of

additional days is made;

(ii) every two contributions paid in respect of

a person as an insured contributor under the

age of eighteen years shall be reckoned as

one contribution;

(iii) fractions of a day shall be disregarded.

(3) An insured contributor who has in any benefit

year exhausted his benefit rights shall not thereafter be

entitled to benefit in respect of any day in that benefit

year, nor shall he become entitled to benefit in his next

benefit year before the Monday next after the end of the

calendar week for which there is paid the last of the ten

contributions mentioned in paragraph (b) of the next

following section.

(4) In calculating contributions for the purposes of the last two foregoing subsections, paragraph (i) of subsection (2) of section five of the Unemployment Insurance

Act 1927 (which provides that no account shall be taken

of any contributions paid in respect of any person in respect of any period during which he was not bona fide

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

employed) shall apply in like manner as it applies in

calculating the thirty contributions required by the

first statutory condition.

(5) The Minister may by regulations make provision as to the circumstances in which and the

extent to which contributions paid in error and

sums paid to a person by way of benefit while he was not

entitled thereto are to be taken into account for the

purposes of this and the next following section.

(6) After an insured contributor has at the beginning

of his benefit year proved that the first statutory condition is fulfilled in his case, then, subject to and in

accordance with regulations made by the Minister, he

shall be treated throughout the remainder of that benefit

year as if that condition continued to be so fulfilled.

4. — (1) For all the purposes of the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, the expression "benefit year " shall

mean, in relation to an insured contributor, the period of

twelve months beginning on the date on which, on

a claim for benefit, he proves for the first time after

the commencement of this Part of this Act—

(a) that the first statutory condition is fulfilled in

his case; and

(b) in the case only of an insured contributor who

has exhausted his benefit rights in his last

preceding benefit year, also that contributions

have been paid in respect of him for ten

weeks since the Sunday last before the last

day in that benefit year in respect of which

he received benefit;

and every subsequent period of twelve months commencing on the date on which that contributor on

a claim for benefit proves the matters aforesaid for

the first time after the termination of his last preceding

benefit year.

(2) If, in the case of any insured contributor, it is

found that he has been treated in error as having begun his

benefit year on any date by reason of his having been

wrongly treated as having proved any of the matters

aforesaid on that date, his benefit year shall nevertheless

be deemed to have begun on that date, but he shall not be

195

Part I.

— cxmt.

Definition

of benefit

year.

196

Part I.

— cent.

Provisions

as to rates

of benefit.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 16

Amendments as to

disqualifications for

benefit and

as to third

statutory

condition.

Amendments as to

fifth

statutory

condition.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

entitled to benefit during the remainder of that year until

he proves those matters.

5. —(1) As from the first day of July, nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, article two of the Unemployment

Insurance (National Economy) (No. 1) Order, 1931, and

the Second Schedule to that Order shall cease to have

effect, and benefit shall be at the rates in force immediately before the coming into operation of that

Order; and accordingly subsection (1) of section four of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927, shall have

effect as if the Second Schedule to this Act were substituted for the Second Schedule to the said Order, and

subsection (2) of section two of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930 (which relates to the increase in the

weekly rate of benefit in respect of dependants), shall

have effect as if for the words "eight shillings, " wherever

those words occur, there were substituted the words

" nine shillings."

(2) This section shall come into operation on the

passing of this Act.

6. —(1) Subsection (1) of section four of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930, shall have effect as if

there were inserted therein after the words "offered to

him " the words "or if it is proved by an officer of the

* ‘ Ministry of Labour that the claimant has neglected to

" avail himself of a reasonable opportunity of suitable

" employment."

(2) An insured contributor shall not be deemed to

have failed to fulfil the third statutory condition by

reason only that he is attending at an authorised course,

or at a training course or course of instruction

approved by the Minister in his case.

7. —(1) The following shall be substituted for the

fifth statutory condition for the receipt of benefit by

insured contributors—

" (v) that, if the Minister has, for the purpose

of giving him an opportunity of becoming or keeping

fit for entry into or return to regular employment,

required him to attend at an authorised course, he

proves either that he duly attended in’ accordance

with the requirement, or that he had good cause

for not so attending."

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

197

(2) For the purposes of the fifth statutory condition

an insured contributor, who by reason of his misbehaviour while attending at an authorised course has

been required to discontinue his attendance thereat

during any period, shall not be deemed to have duly

attended at the course or to have had good cause for

not so attending during that period, or during such

part thereof as may be determined on any subsequent

claim to benefit.

8. —(1) Where a claim for benefit by an insured

contributor is disallowed by the court of referees or the

umpire on the ground that he is disqualified under

subsection (2) of section eight of the principal Act or

under section four of the Unemployment Insurance Act,

1930, for receiving benefit, the court of referees or the

umpire shall declare the insured contributor to be disentitled to benefit for a period of six weeks or such shorter

period as may be determined by the court of referees

or the umpire, as the case may be, being a period

beginning as from such date as may be so determined.

(2) So much of subsection (2) of section eight of the

principal Act, and so much of subsection (1) of section four

of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930, as relate to the

extent'of the period of disqualification and the date of the

commencement thereof, and section ten of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1921, shall cease to have

effect.

9. —(1) For all the purposes of the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, the expression "a dependent child’’

means, in relation to a person entitled to benefit, any

child, younger brother, or younger sister, of his who—

(a) is under the age of fourteen years and is

maintained wholly or mainly by him; or

(b) is between the ages of fourteen and sixteen years

and is maintained wholly or mainly by him and

is either—

(i) a person under full time instruction at

a day school; or

(ii) a person who is unable to receive

such instruction by reason of physical or

mental infirmity; or

Part I.

— cant.

Period of

disallowance of

benefit in

certain

cases.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 15.

Definition

of depen- •

dent child.

198

Part I.

— cont.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 29.

Amendments as to

increase of

benefit in

respect of

dependants.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(c) is a person between the ages of fourteen and

sixteen years and is while unemployed maintained wholly or mainly by him, and is a person

in whose case the statutory conditions for

the receipt of benefit, as hereinafter adapted

for the purposes of this paragraph, are fulfilled

(or would be fulfilled, if he were an insured

contributor) and who is not disqualified (or

would not be disqualified if he were an insured

contributor) under the Unemployment Insurance

Acts for the receipt of benefit.

(2) For the purposes of determining whether a person is a dependent child by virtue of paragraph (c)

of the last foregoing subsection, the statutory conditions

shall be construed subject to the following adaptations,

that is to say, the first statutory condition shall be

deemed to be omitted, and in the second statutory condition the words "has made application for unemployment benefit in the prescribed manner and" and the

words "since the date of the application" shall be

deemed to be omitted.

(3) In this section, the expression "child " includes

a stepchild, adopted child (whether adopted under the

Adoption of Children Act, 1926, or otherwise), - and

illegitimate child; the expression "younger brother"

includes a younger half-brother and a younger stepbrother; the expression "younger sister " includes a

younger half-sister and a younger step-sister; and the

expression " day school, " in relation to any person, does

not include an authorised course, or a training course or

course of instruction approved by the Minister in his case.

10.—(1) No increase of benefit shall be payable to

an insured contributor in respect of any person tfor any

period before the date on which the insured contributor

makes application in the prescribed manner for an

increase in respect of that person, so, however, that

regulations may be made for authorising some earlier

date to be substituted for the date of the application in

oases in which good cause is shown for the delay in

making the application.

(2) Where a claim for benefit is made by an insured

contributor and another insured contributor receives an

increase of benefit in respect of the first-mentioned insured

1934.

U?iemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

199

contributor for any period occurring between the date

when the claim is made and the date when it is allowed, the

benefit payable to the first-mentioned insured contributor

for that period shall be reduced by the amount of the

increase of benefit so received by the second-mentioned

insured contributor.

11. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in the Unemployment Insurance (Expiring Enactments) Act, 1933,

section one of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 3) Act,

1931, shall continue in force, subject to the amendments

hereafter specified in this section, until Parliament

otherwise determines.

(2) For references in the said section one to regulations, there shall be substituted references to orders,

and any regulations made before the commencement of this Act under the said section shall be deemed to be

orders; and the Minister shall have power to make

orders, under and in accordance with the provisions

of the said section one, for the purpose of removing

any anomalies which may arise from time to time in

the operation of the Unemployment Insurance Acts in

connection with the classes of persons in that section

mentioned.

(3) Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of the said

section one shall have effect as if there were inserted

at the end thereof " but not including a married woman

" who proves that she has been deserted by, or is

" permanently separated from, her husband, or that

" her husband is incapacitated from work and has

" been so continuously for at least six weeks, " and the

proviso to the said subsection (2) shall cease to have

effect.

(4) Any order made under the provisions of the said

section one may be varied or revoked by any subsequent

order made in like manner but, before any order is made

under the said provisions, a draft thereof shall be laid

before Parliament, and no such order made after the

commencement of this Part of this Act shall have effect

unless each House has resolved that the draft thereof be

approved.

(5) Section two of the Unemployment Insurance

(No. 3) Act, 1931 (which provides for the constitution of

an advisory committee for the purpose of section one of

that Act) shall cease to have effect.

Part I.

— cont.

Amendments as to

anomalies

regulations.

23 &24

Geo. 5. c. 26.

21 & 22

Geo. 6. o. 36.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Determination of Claims and Questions.

12.—(1) The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (3) of section eight of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930:—

" (3) If the insurance officer is not satisfied

that a claim ought to be allowed he may either

refer the claim (so far as practicable within

fourteen days from the date on which the claim

was submitted to him for examination) to the

court of referees for their decision or, subject to

the provisions of this subsection, himself disallow

the claim:

Provided that—

(a) the insurance officer shall not himself

disallow a claim on any of the following grounds, namely, —

(i) that the third statutory condition is not fulfilled;

(ii) that the claimant is disqualified by reason of his having lost his

employment through his misconduct

or having left his employment

voluntarily without just cause or by

reason of the provisions of section

four of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1930;

(iii) that the claimant does not

fulfil one or more of the additional

conditions or terms with respect to

the receipt of benefit imposed by

orders made under the Unemployment Insurance (Nb. 3) Act, 1931,

or is subject to restrictions on

the amount or period of benefit

imposed by such orders; and

(b) the insurance officer shall not himself

disallow a claim on the ground that

the fifth statutory condition is not

fulfilled, except in cases where that

condition is not fulfilled only by

reason of a person under the age of

eighteen years having been required

to discontinue for not more than one

200

Part I.

— cont.

Determination of

claims and

questions.

1934.

U nemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

201

day his attendance at an authorised

course in consequence of his misbehaviour while attending thereat; and

(c) the insurance officer shall refer to the

court of referees any question whether

the claimant is liable to have deductions made under any of the provisions

of the Unemployment Insurance Acts

from any benefit to which he is, or

may become, entitled."

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection

(5) of section eight of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1930 (which specifies some of the persons at whose

instance an appeal shall lie from a court of referees)

a claimant for benefit shall not, in relation to any

appeal, be deemed to be a member of any association

of employed persons unless he was a member thereof

on the last date on which he was employed before the

claim subject to the appeal was made, and has continued to be a .member thereof until the date when the

appeal is made.

(3) For paragraph (c) of subsection (5) of section

eight of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930, there

shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" (c) At the instance of the claimant—

(i) without leave in any case in which the

decision of the court of referees is not

unanimous; and

(ii) with the leave of the chairman of the

court of referees in any other case; so, however, that where leave to appeal is not granted

when the decision of the court of referees is

given, an application for such leave may be

made’ by the claimant in such form, and

within such time after the date of the

decision, as may be prescribed by regulations

made by the Minister under section thirty-

five of the principal Act, and any application

for leave to appeal shall be granted by the

chairman if it appears to him that there is a

principle of importance involved in the case

or any other special circumstance by reason

of which leave to appeal ought to be given."

Part I.

— cant.

202

Part I.

— cont.

Provision of

authorised

courses and

other

courses of

instruction

and

training,

and pay

ments

to persons

attending

thereat.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(4) A court of referees shall record their decisions

in writing and shall include in the record of every

decision a statement of their findings on questions of

fact material to the decision.

(5) Where the chairman of a court of referees

grants leave to appeal to the umpire from the decision

of the court, the chairman shall record in writing ar

statement of the grounds on which leave to appeal is

granted.

Instruction and Training.

13.—(1) Every education authority shall, as soon as

may be after the commencement of this Part of this Act,

submit to the Minister proposals for the provision of such

courses of instruction as may he necessary for persons

in their area between the minimum age for entry into

insurance and the age of eighteen years who are capable

of and available for work but have no work or only part-

time or intermittent work, and, if the Minister approves

the proposals with or without modifications, the authority

shall provide such courses in accordance therewith:

Provided that the Minister shall not approve any

proposals submitted to him under this subsection unless

they are in accord with a scheme made by him with the

consent of the Treasury after consultation with the

Board of Education.

(2) If it is certified by the Minister that, having

regard to the number of such persons as aforesaid

in the area of any education authority, insufficient provision has been made under the last foregoing subsection

for courses of instruction in or in any part of the area,

and that such courses of instruction as afe specified in the

certificate are necessary in such localities as are specified

therein, it shall be the duty of the authority to provide

such courses of instruction in those localities within

three months from the date of the certificate or such

further time as the Minister may allow, and if the

authority fail to do so the Minister may make such

order as he thinks necessary or proper for the purpose

of compelling the authority to fulfil that duty, and any

such order may be enforced by mandamus:

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

Provided that any order made by the Minister under

this subsection may be varied or revoked by a subsequent

order made by him in like manner.

(3) The Minister, subject to the approval of the

Treasury, may provide training courses for persons who

have attained the age of eighteen years and are capable

of and available for work but have no work or only part-

time or intermittent work.

(4) The Minister, subject to the approval of the

Treasury, may defray the cost of authorised courses

provided by him and contribute towards the cost of

any other authorised courses and may also defray, or

contribute towards, the cost of training courses, courses

of instruction, or courses of occupation, provided in

pursuance of arrangements made with the Minister by

any public authority or other body for persons who are

capable of and available for work but have no work or

only part-time or intermittent work.

(5) The Minister, subject to the approval of the

Treasury, may pay or contribute towards the travelling

expenses of persons travelling to or from any such

course as aforesaid, and may make payments to persons

attending at any such authorised course, training course,

or course of instruction as aforesaid, not being a course

provided only for persons who have not attained the

age of eighteen years.

14.—(1) If any person (whether an insured contributor or not) who is between the minimum age for

entry into insurance and the age of eighteen years is

capable of and available for work but has no work or

only part-time or intermittent work, the Minister may

require his attendance in accordance with regulations

at any authorised course at which he can reasonably

be. expected to attend.

(2) If any person whose attendance at an authorised

course has been required by the Minister under this

section fails, except by reason of sickness or other

unavoidable cause, to attend at that course, proceedings

may be taken by or on behalf of the Minister, in the case

of a person who has not attained the age of sixteen years,

under section forty-five of the Education Act, 1921 (notwithstanding that he may be over the age at which an

203

Part I.

— cont.

Power to

require

attendance

of persons

under

eighteen at.

authorised

courses.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 51.

204

Part I.

— cont.

Power to

make granta

out of

Unemployment Fund

towards

expenses

of attendance at

authorised

courses.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

order could otherwise be made under that section) or,

in the case of a person who has attained the age of

sixteen years, under section seventy-eight of that Act,

as if the requirement were, respectively, a school attendance order, or a requirement imposed under the said

Act for attendance at a continuation school, and as if

proceedings could be taken by or on behalf of the Minister

under those sections, and the provisions of that Act shall

apply accordingly.

For the purposes of this subsection and of any such

proceedings as aforesaid, a person who, by reason of his

misbehaviour while attending at any course, has been

required to discontinue his attendance thereat for any

period shall be deemed to have failed without unavoidable

cause to attend at that course.

(3) Education authorities shall have power to assist

the Minister with respect to the attendance at authorised

courses of persons who may be, or have been, required

by the Minister under this section to attend thereat;

Provided that legal proceedings for enforcing a

requirement of the Minister that any person should

attend at an authorised course shall not be taken by an

education authority except under the last foregoing

subsection on behalf of the Minister.

(4) The regulations made by the Minister under this

section may make provision for the establishment of

boards of assessors for the purpose of reporting to him as

to the advisability of requiring persons to attend at an

authorised course.

15. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, authorise

the payment out ojf the Unemployment Fund of grants

towards expenses incurred by the Minister in respect of the attendance at authorised courses of persons who

have not attained the age of eighteen years and of

insured contributors in receipt of benefit who have

attained that age.

(2) Grants under this section—

(a) in respect of attendance at authorised courses,

being courses of instruction, shall not exceed

fifty per cent.;

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

205

(b) in respect of attendance at authorised courses, p AEX j

being training courses, shall not exceed — amt.

seventy-five per cent.,

of any amount which may be paid out of the moneys

provided by Parliament in respect of the attendances

in question.

(3) All sums paid out of the Unemployment Fund

under this section shall be paid as an appropriation in

aid of moneys provided by Parliament for the expenses

of the Minister, but the expenses of the Minister so

incurred as aforesaid shall not be taken into account in

estimating his expenses for the purposes of subsection (4) ■

of section twelve of the principal Act.

16. The Minister may make regulations requiring Power to

employers when any person (whether an insured con- caUoiTby 0tifi

tributor or not) who is between the minimum age for employers

entry into insurance and the age of eighteen years leaves r '' (j" r per8onB

their employment to give notice thereof to the Minister in eighteen leave

the prescribed manner. ment employ

Financial Provisions .

IV.—(1) There shall be constituted a committee,

to be called "the Unemployment Insurance Statutory

Committee ", to give advice and assistance to the Minister

in connection with the discharge of his functions under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts and to perform the duties

hereafter specified in this Part of this Act; and the

provisions of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act

shall have effect with respect to the constitution and

proceedings of the Committee.

Establishment of Unemployment

Insurance

Statutory

Committee

and duties

of Committee as

respects

Unemploy-

(2) The Committee shall, not later than the end of ment Fund -

February in every year, make a report to the Minister

on the financial condition of the Unemployment Fund

on the thirty-first day of December last preceding, and

shall also make a report to the Minister on the financial

condition of the fund whenever they consider that the

fund is or is likely to become, and is likely to continue

to be, insufficient to discharge its liabilities, and may

make a report on the financial condition of the fund at

such other times as they think fit.

206 Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part I. *(3) If the Committee at any time report that

—cont. the Unemployment Fund is or is likely to become, and

is likely to continue to be, insufficient to discharge its

liabilities, or is and is likely to continue to be more than

reasonably sufficient to discharge its liabilities, the report

shall contain—■

(a) recommendations for the amendment, either

generally or in relation to special classes of

insured contributors, of the provisions of the

Unemployment Insurance Acts referred to in

Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act or

of the provisions of any previous order made

under this section, being such amendments as

in the opinion of the Committee are required in

order to make the fund, as the case may be,

sufficient or no more than reasonably sufficient

to discharge its liabilities; and

(h) an estimate of the effect which the amendments

recommended will have on the financial condition of the fund;

and, where the Committee report that the fund is and

is likely to continue to be more than reasonably sufficient

to discharge its liabilities, the report may contain recommendations for the application of any sum towards the

discharge of the liabilities mentioned in subsection (2)

of the section of this Act next following.

(4) The Committee shall give such notice as they

consider sufficient of their intention to make a report

under this section and shall take into consideration

any representations which may be made to them with

respect thereto.

(5) Within the period of two months after the

receipt by the Minister of any report under this section or,

if Parliament is not sitting, at the expiration of that

pexiod, then, as soon after the expiration thereof as Parliament sits, the Minister shall lay the report before

Parliament, and in a case where the report contains

recommendations for the amendment of the Unemployment Insurance Acts or of any previous order made

under this section, shall after consultation with the

Treasury lay before Parliament—

(a) the draft of an order making such amendments

as are duly recommended by the report, or, if

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

207

and so far as any amendment so recommended Part I.

is not adopted by the Minister, making such eonL

amendments (being amendments which the

Committee had power to recommend) as will

in his opinion have substantially the same

effect on the financial condition of the Unemployment Fund as that estimated by the report

as being the effect of the amendments recommended; and

(b) if and in so far as the amendments proposed by

the draft order differ from the amendments

recommended by the report, a statement of the

reasons for the difference.

(6) H each House resolves that the draft of an

order laid before it under this section be approved,

the Minister shall make an order in the terms of the

draft to take effect on such date as may be specified in

the order, and as from that date the provisions of the

Unemployment Insurance Acts and of any such previous

order as aforesaid shall have effect subject to the provisions of the order.

(7) So much of the Unemployment Insurance Acts,

1920 to 1933, as provides for the variation, otherwise

than in accordance with the provisions of this section, of the rates of contributions in force at the commencement

of this Act shall cease to have effect.

(8) This section shall come into operation on the

passing of this Act.

18. — (1) Section five of the Unemployment Insur- Treasury

ance Act, 1921 (which provides for advances by the to

Treasury to the Unemployment Fund of sums amounting m entFund

to one hundred and fifteen million pounds), shall cease n &

to Have effect, except in so far as it provides that the Ge0 5 " c j

advances made under the said section before the coming

into operation of this section together with interest

thereon shall be charged on and payable out of that fund.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, the liability

imposed on the Unemployment Fund by the said section

five in respect of the said advances and interest, and

the liability incurred by the Treasury to the National

Debt Commissioners in respect of the provision of

208 Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

P^ht I. money for the purpose of the said advances, shall he

—cont. discharged by the payment to the National ' Debt

Commissioners of half-yearly instalments which (except

for the last thereof which shall be for the balance of the

advances and interest then outstanding) shall be of two

million five hundred thousand pounds each: the first

of the said instalments shall be paid on the thirtieth

day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-four

and a subsequent instalment shall be paid on the

thirty-first day of March and the thirtieth day of

September in each year, and the said instalments shall

cease to be payable when the National Debt Commissioners certify to the Minister that the amount of the

advances and interest outstanding immediately before

the coming into operation of this section, together with

interest thereon at the appropriate rate, has been

discharged:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

construed as preventing the application, on the recommendation of the Unemployment Insurance Statutory

Committee, of sums out of the fund towards the discharge

of the said liabilities in addition to the instalments

therein mentioned.

In this subsection the expression "the appropriate

rate " means, as respects each advance, the rate of interest

which has been fixed by the Treasury before the coming

into operation of this section for the period for which

it was fixed, and after that period the rate of three and

one-eighth per cent, per annum.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this subsection,

the instalments aforesaid shall be paid out of the

Unemployment Fund:

Provided that, where the moneys in the Unemployment Fund are insufficient to pay any instalment falling

due or any part thereof, the Treasury shall pay to*the

National Debt Commissioners out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof the sum required to

make good the deficiency, and an amount equal to that

sum shall be treated as having been temporarily advanced

to the Unemployment Fund.

(4) The Treasury may under this subsection at any

time temporarily advance to the Unemployment Fund

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

209

thereof such sums as may be required from time to time

for the purpose of making any payments properly falling

to be made out of the Unemployment Fund other than

instalments payable under the foregoing provisions of this section and the repayment of any sums treated under

the last foregoing subsection as having been temporarily

advanced to the fund.

(5) If at any time it appears to the Minister, after

consultation with the Treasury, that the Unemployment

Fund is, or will shortly become, insufficient to discharge

its liabilities, including the repayment of any advances

made under the last two foregoing subsections within

the time limited by this section in the case of such

advances, there shall be advanced to the fund out of

moneys provided by Parliament such sums as appear to

the Treasury to be required to enable the fund to

discharge its liabilities.

(6) Any sums advanced or treated as having been

temporarily advanced under this section, together with

interest thereon at such rate as may be fixed by the

Treasury, shall be charged on the Unemployment Fund

and shall be repaid out of that fund to the Exchequer in

such manner as the Treasury may direct, and shall be so

repaid—

(a) in the case of a payment treated as having been

advanced under subsection (3) of this section,

within six months from the date of the payment

to the National Debt Commissioners;

(b) in the case of an advance under subsection (4) of this section, before the end of the financial year

in which the advance was made;

(c) in the case of an advance under subsection (5) of this section, as to one-third thereof not later than

the end of the first financial year next following

the financial year in which the advance was made,

and as to two-thirds thereof not later than the

end of the second financial year so next

following.

(7) Whenever any advance is made to the Unemployment Fund under this section, the Minister shall

forthwith report the fact to the Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee.

Part I.

— cont.

0

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Miscellaneous and General.

19.—(1) Before making any regulations under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, except regulations made

under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to

instruction and training, the Minister shall submit to the

Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee a draft

of the regulations and the Committee shall forthwith

consider the draft and report thereon to the Minister,

orders and’ an d the Minister shall consider the report of the Committee

advice. and may then make the regulations either in the form

of the draft or with such amendments as he thinks fit:

Provided that, where the Minister certifies that on

account of urgency or any special reason any regulations

should come into operation without delay, the Minister

may, before receiving or considering the report of the

Committee on a draft thereof, make the regulations as

provisional regulations, so however that no provisional

regulations shall continue in force for longer than three

months after the receipt by the Minister of the report.

(2) Throughout the provisions of the Unemployment Insurance Acts 1920 to 1933, except the provisions

of sections eighteen and twenty of the principal Act

(which relate to special and supplementary schemes) and

of section one of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 3)

Act, 1931, and the enactments amending those sections,

references to orders and special orders required or

authorised to be made thereunder by the Minister shall be

construed as references to regulations, and any such orders

or special orders made before the commencement of this

Part of this Act under the provisions of the said Acts (with

the exceptions aforesaid) may be revoked, varied or

amended in the same manner as if they had been

regulations.

(3) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the publication of,

and objections to, draft regulations laid before the

Committee.

(4) Before laying before Parliament the draft of any

order proposed to be made under section one of the

Unemployment Insurance (No. 3) Act, 1931, the Minister

shall submit the draft to the Committee and the Committee shall forthwith consider the draft and report

210

Part I,

— cont.

Duties of

Unemployment Insurance

Statutory

Committee

as respects

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

211

thereon to the Minister, and the Minister shall consider Part I.

the report of the Committee and may then lay the draft —cont>

before Parliament either without amendments or with

such amendments as he thinks fit.

(5) Whenever any regulations (being neither regu-

lations made under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to instruction and training nor provisional regulations) are laid before Parliament in pursuance

of subsection (3) of section thirty-five of the principal

Act, and whenever the draft of any order is laid before

Parliament in pursuance of subsection (4) of section eleven

of this Act, there shall be laid together therewith the report

of the Committee on the draft regulations or order, and a

statement by the Minister showing what amendments, if

any, have been made since the report of the Committee

and what effect (if any) has been given to any recommendations of the Committee, and, if effect has not been

given to any recommendation, giving reasons for not

adopting it.

(6) The Minister may from time to time refer to the

Committee for consideration and advice such questions

relating to the operation of the Unemployment Insurance

Acts as he thinks fit (including questions as to the

advisability of amending those Acts).

20.—(1) The Unemployment Insurance Statutory Duty of

Committee shall as soon as may be after the passing of this Dnemploy-

Act make such proposals as may seem to them prac- ment J" ur '

ticable for the insurance against unemployment tory Q otn _

of persons engaged in employment in agriculture, mittee

and shall make a report to the Minister containing the as to in-

proposals and any recommendations of the Committee 8UTanue of

with respect thereto and the report shall be laid before I. 518 ? 113 .

Parliament employed u

laruamen u. agriculture.

(2) The Committee shall give such notice as they

consider sufficient of their intention to enquire into

the matter aforesaid, and shall take into consideration

any representations submitted to them by persons

appearing to them to represent employers or persons

employed or persons engaged in agriculture or by any

Government department.

(3) In this section the expression "agriculture"

includes horticulture and forestry.

0 2

212

Part I.

— cont.

Amendments as to

arrangements with

associations

of employed

persons.

Amendments as to

schemes.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

21. —(1) Where in pursuance of a decision of an

insurance officer, court of referees or umpire any sum

by way of provision for unemployment has been paid by

a society, body, or other association with which an

arrangement has been' made under section seventeen of the principal Act to a member of the association, then if

the decision is, after the commencement of this Part of this Act, revised on new facts being brought to the knowledge of the insurance officer, court of referees or umpire,

repayment of the sum shall, notwithstanding the revision,

be made to the association out of the Unemployment

Fund, if it is shown that no one concerned with the

case on behalf of the association could reasonably

have been expected to ascertain the facts on which the

decision was revised, and that recovery of the sum

has not been practicable.

(2) Any question arising under this section shall be

referred and determined as if it were a question arising

under section seventeen of the principal Act and the said

section seventeen shall have effect accordingly.

22. —(1) A supplementary scheme under section

twenty of the principal Act may be submitted by any

organisations which appear to the Minister to represent

a majority of such of the employers in any industry,

and of such of the employees in that industry, as are

organised:

Provided that the Minister, before approving any

supplementary scheme so submitted, shall take steps to

ascertain so far as practicable, and shall take into consideration, the views of other employers and employees

in the industry.

(2) For the purpose of securing in the case of a

special scheme that like rates of benefit shall be payable

to the persons to whom the scheme applies as are for the

time being payable under the enactments relating to

unemployment insurance, and that the benefits under the

scheme shall otherwise be not less favourable than those

for the time being provided by the general provisions of

those Acts (but for no other purpose), the Minister may,

after consultation with the body charged with the

administration of the scheme, notwithstanding anything

in section eighteen of the principal Act, by order vary or

amend the provisions of the scheme and any such order

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

213

may provide for consequential amendments as to the

rates of contribution and otherwise.

This subsection shall come into operation on the

passing of this Act.

23.—(1) Subsection (3) of section twenty-two of the

principal Act (which provides for the recovery of contributions where an employer has been convicted of the

offence of failing or neglecting to pay any contributions)

shall apply in a case where an employer has been charged

with such an offence and an order has been made under

subsection (1) of section one of the Probation of Offenders

Act, 1907, in the same manner as it applies where an

employer has been convicted of such an offence.

(2) In any case where—

(a) an employer is convicted of any offence under

section thirteen of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, as applied by regulations

made under section thirty-three of the principal A'ct, or of the offence under subsection (2)

of section twenty-two of the principal Act of

contravening or not complying with the

requirements of the regulations made under

that Act, or is charged with any such offence

and an order is made under subsection (1) of

section one of the Probation of Offenders Act,

1907; and

(b) the evidence on which he is convicted or on

which the order is made shows that the

employer, for the purpose of paying any contribution which he was liable to pay, has

affixed to an unemployment book or card

any stamp which had been cancelled or

defaced in any way whatever, whether it had

actually been used for the purpose of payment

of a contribution or not;

the employer shall be liable to pay to the Unemployment

Fund a sum equal to the amount of the contribution in

respect of which the stamp was affixed, and on such a

conviction or on the making of such an order, if notice

of intention to do so has been served with the summons

or warrant, evidence may be given of the failure or

neglect on the part of the employer to pay other contributions in respect of the same person during the two

Part I.

— cont.

Amendments as to

offences.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 17.

54 & 55

Vict. c. 38.

214

Part I.

— cent.

Amendment as to

summary

recovery

of sums

due to

Unemployment Fund.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

years preceding the date of the offence, and on proof of

such failure or neglect, the employer shall be liable to

pay to the Unemployment Fund a sum equal to the total

of the contributions which he is so proved to have failed

or neglected to pay.

Any sum paid by an employer under this subsection shall be treated as a payment in satisfaction

of the unpaid contributions, and the employed person’s

portion of those contributions shall not be recoverable

by the employer from the employed person.

(3) The following provisions shall have effect with

respect to sums ordered to be paid to the Unemployment Fund under the last foregoing subsection:—

(a) any sum so ordered to be paid by a court in

England shall be recoverable as a penalty;

(b) if the employer, being a company, fails to pay

to the Unemployment Fund any sum which

the company has been ordered to pay under

the last foregoing subsection, that sum or such

part thereof as remains unpaid shall be a debt

due to the Unemployment Fund jointly and

severally from any directors of the company who

knew, or could reasonably have been expected

to know, of the failure or neglect to pay the

contribution or contributions in question, and

may be recovered accordingly as a civil debt.

(4) If any person for any purpose whatsoever

knowingly makes a false representation that he or any

other person is the person specified in an unemployment

book or card as being the person to whom the book or

card was issued, he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding ten pounds:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

taken to prejudice the provisions of subsection (1) of

section twenty-two of the principal Act.

24.—(1) Proceedings for the summary recovery as

civil debts of sums due to the Unemployment Fund may,

notwithstanding anything in any Act to the contrary, be

brought at any time within three years from the time

when the matter complained of arose.

(2) In this and the last foregoing section of this Act

and in section twenty-two of the principal Act references

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

215

to the Unemployment Fund shall be construed as in- Par t I-

eluding references to the seamen’s special fund or any conL

similar fund established by any order or regulations for

the time being in force under section thirty-nine of the

principal Act.

25.—(1) The fixed number of contributions for Amendment

the purposes of section forty-one of the principal Act of *• f 1 of

(which makes special provision with respect to dis- ^ct °and

charged seamen, marines, soldiers and airmen) shall, application

in the case of a man discharged at any time after the of Acts to

thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty- officers of

seven, be a number equal to the number of weeks during reserve

which he had served in the forces after that date, and for forces -

the purposes of the Unemployment Insurance Acts the

contributions credited to him under the said section shall

be deemed to have been paid in respect of him at the rate

of one contribution for each week over a period ending

with the week in which his discharge takes place:

Provided that the said fixed number shall not in

the case of any such man discharged before, or serving

in the forces at, the commencement of this Part of this Act be less than thirty.

For the purposes of this subsection a part of a

week shall be reckoned as a week.

(2) Any payments made before the commencement

of this Part of this Act under the said section forty-one

by way of employers’ and employed persons’ contributions

in respect of men discharged between the said thirtieth

day of June and the commencement of this Part of this Act shall be increased by such an amount as may in the

opinion of the Treasury be necessary, having regard to

the foregoing provisions of this section.

(3) Subsection (2) of section forty of the principal

Act and subsection (1) of section nine of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1921, shall apply to officers on

the retired or emergency lists of the Royal Navy or Royal

Marines, to officers of the naval reserves and regular

army reserve of officers, to retired officers of the regular

Army, to officers of the supplementary reserve of officers,

to officers on the retired hst of the Royal Air Force, to

officers of the air force reserve, air force special reserve,

territorial army, territorial army reserve of officers,

auxiliary air force, and auxiliary air force reserve, to

216

Tart I.

— cont.

Extension of

principal

Act to short

service constables of the metropolitan

police force.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

persons given temporary commissions in the naval,

marine, land or air forces, and to persons given temporary warrants in the Royal Navy, Royal Marines or

naval reserve who before training or before being called

out or. taken into employment on an occasion of great

emergency or before being called out for actual military

service or before being embodied or before being given a

commission or warrant on an occasion of great emergency for service dining the emergency, were normally

employed persons within the meaning of the Unemployment Insurance Acts, or the corresponding enactments

in force in Northern Ireland, in like manner as they

apply to men of the reserves and forces mentioned in

those subsections.

26.—(1) Every constable of the metropolitan police

force appointed for a fixed period of service who is

discharged from the force on the completion of that period

shall, for the purposes of the provisions of the Unemployment Insurance Acts relating to the rights of an insured

person with respect to benefit but not for any other

purpose, be treated as though he were, on the date of his

discharge, an insured contributor who ceased to be

employed on that date and in respect of whom contributions equal to the number of weeks during which he has

served in the force had been paid at the rate of one

contribution for each week over a period ending with the

week in which his discharge takes place.

For the purposes of this subsection any part of a week

shall be reckoned as a week.

(2) For the purpose of qualifying such constables as

aforesaid to be treated for the purposes of the Unemployment Insurance Acts in the manner provided by the

foregoing provisions of this section, there shall be paid

to the Unemployment Fund out of the Metropolitan

Police Fund by way of employers’ and employed persons ’

contributions in respect of all such consta bles so discharged

as aforesaid, such sums as will, in the opinion of the

Treasury, be sufficient to enable them to be so treated.

(3) The sums to be paid under this section out of the

Metropolitan Police Fund shall be calculated in such

manner as the Treasury may direct, and shall be paid in

such manner and at such dates as may be agreed upon

between the Minister and the Secretary of State.

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

27 . — (1)Where any scheme for promoting greater

regularity of employment in any industry is on the joint

application of an organisation representing employers

and an organisation representing workpeople in the

industry approved by the Minister, the Minister may, in

accordance with arrangements made by him with the

consent of the Treasury, assist the administration of the

scheme by attaching officers of the Ministry of Labour

to help in the administration thereof and by such other

means as he thinks fit.

(2) The Minister may, in accordance with such

arrangements as aforesaid, issue on behalf of employers

to persons to whom any such scheme applies, sums by

way of wages or additional benefits in respect of unemployment or compensation for loss of employment; but

any arrangements making provisions for the issue of any

such sums shall also make provision for paying to

the Minister any sums to be so issued by hi m and any

expenses incurred by him which are attributable to the

scheme.

(3) If an organisation representing employers and

an organisation representing workpeople in any industry

make to the Minister a joint representation as to any

difficulty in the operation of any scheme for promoting

greater regularity of employment in the industry, or in

making any further scheme for that purpose for the

industry, the Minister may appoint one or more persons

to hold an inquiry into the circumstances giving rise to

the difficulty and to make a report to him with respect

thereto.

The fee to be paid by the Minister to any person

holding such an inquiry as aforesaid shall be such as the Minister may with the consent of the Treasury direct.

(4) In this section the expression "industry" has the

same meaning as in section eighteen of the principal Act.

28 . Notwithstanding anything in the Unemployment Insurance (Expiring Enactments) Act, 1933, the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1930, shall, subject to the

amendments made therein by any subsequent enactment,

including this Act, continue in force until Parliament

otherwise determines.

29 . — (1)The amendments specified in the second

column of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, being minor

amendments of the principal Act and of the enactments

217

Part I.

— cent.

Power of

Minister to

assist

schemes For

promoting

greater

regularity

of employment.

Continuation of

20 & 21

Geo. 5.

c. 10.

Minor

amendments.

218

Part I.

— amt.

Payments

oat of

moneys

provided by

Parliament.

Interpretation of

Part I and

construction

of references.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

amending that Act, shall be made in the provisions of

that Act and those enactments specified in the first

column of that Schedule.

(2) For all the purposes of the Unemployment

Insurance Acts—

(a) the expression "statutory conditions" means the

conditions set out in subsection (1) of section

seven of the principal Act, as amended by any

subsequent enactment, and references in the

said Acts to the first, second, third, fourth or

fifth statutory condition shall be construed

accordingly; and

(b) the expression "application for benefit " means

an application for benefit made in the prescribed

manner, and the expression "claim for benefit "

includes any such application as aforesaid.

30 . There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided

by Parliament—

(a) any increase attributable to the passing of this

Part of this Act in the sum payable out of

moneys provided by Parliament by virtue of

subsection (3) of section five, or sections forty or

forty-one, of the principal Act, or of section

three of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 3)

Act, 1931;

(b) any sum by which any education grants under

any other Act are increased by reason of the

additional powers and duties conferred and

imposed by this Part of this Act on education

authorities;

(c) any expenses incurred by the Minister in carrying

this Part of this Act into effect.

Supplementary.

31.—(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have

the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that

is to say, —

"Authorised course" means a training course or

course of instruction provided under or in pursuance of subsection (1), (2) or (3) of section

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

219

thirteen of this Act and includes, in relation to

insured contributors who have attained the age

of eighteen years, any training course provided

by the Unemployment Assistance Board under

Part II of this Act;

" Benefit" means unemployment benefit;

" Benefit rights " means, in relation to an insured

contributor, his right to receive benefit for the

number of days allowed in his case by the

provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection

(1) of section three of this Act, or by the

provisions of sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph (1)

of Article one of the Unemployment Insurance

(National Economy) (No. 2) Order, 1931, as the

case may be;

"Education authority" means a local education

authority for the purposes of higher education

under the Education Act, 1921, and for the

purposes of the powers conferred on education

authorities by subsection (3) of section fourteen

of this Act but not for any other purpose

includes a local education authority for elementary education under that Act;

" Excepted employments" means the employments

specified in Part II of the First Schedule

to the principal Act, and any employments

included among or added to those employments

under section two of this Act;

" Insurable employment, " in relation to any person,

means such employment as would make him an

employed person within the meaning of the

principal Act;

" Insured contributor" means a person insured

under the principal Act;

" Period of compulsory elementary instruction "

means the period during which under any

enactment for the time being in force, other

than local byelaws, parents are under an

obligation to cause their clnldren to receive

efficient elementary instruction;

" The Minister" means the Minister of Labour;

" The principal Act" means the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920;

Part I.

— cont.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 30.

220

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

.4 c *, 1934.

Part I,

— cent.

" The Unemployment Insurance Acts" means the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1933,

and this Part of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a person

shall be deemed to be between any two ages therein

mentioned if he has attained the first mentioned age but

has not attained the second mentioned age.

(3) For the purposes of determining whether an

insured contributor has exhausted his benefit rights in

his last preceding benefit year, if it is proved by an officer

of the Ministry of Labour that he has not made a

claim for benefit in respect of any days in that year in

respect of which he would have been entitled thereto if he

had made a claim therefor, and that there is reasonable

cause to*believe that his omission to make the claim was

with indent to avoid the necessity of proving the matters

set out in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section four

of this Act, the insured contributor shall be deemed to

have received benefit in respect of those days unless he

proves that the omission was not with the intent

aforesaid.

(4) The powers and duties of education authorities

under this Part of this Act shall be exercised and performed as part of their powers and duties under the

Education Act, 1921, and the powers and duties under

that Act of local education authorities for the purposes

of higher education shall extend to authorised courses;

and accordingly an authorised course shall, in relation to

such powers and duties, be deemed to be a school.

(5) Any reference in this Part of this Act to any

other enactment or to any provision of any other enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be

construed as a reference to that enactment or that

provision, as the case may be, as amended by any

subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(6) Any approved course of instruction provided

by an education authority in accordance with the provisions of section fifteen of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1930, shall, until the proposals submitted by that

authority to the Minister under subsection (1) of section

thirteen of this Act have been approved by him, be

deemed to be an authorised course, notwithstanding that

it has not been provided under or in pursuance of that

subsection.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

221

32. This Part of this Act in its application to

Scotland shall have effect subject to the following

modifications:—

(1) A reference to the Scottish Education Department shall be substituted for any reference in

section thirteen to the Board of Education.

(2) A reference to efficient education shall be substituted for any reference to efficient elementary

instruction.

(3) A reference to the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, shall be substituted for any

reference to the Adoption of Children Act,

1926.

(4) A reference to a " complaint " shall be substituted

for any reference to a " summons or warrant."

(5) In subsection (1) of section one for the words

" attend school " there shall be substituted

the words "receive efficient education."

(6) In subsection (2) of section thirteen the words

" and any such order may be enforced by

mandamus" shall be omitted; and it is

hereby declared with respect to any order

made by the Minister under that subsection

that proceedings for the enforcement thereof

may be taken at the instance of the Minister

under section ninety-one of the Court of Session

Act, 1868, as amended by any subsequent

enactment.

(7) Section fourteen shall have effect as if for

subsection (2) thereof there were substituted

the following subsection:—

" (2) If any person whose attendance at an

authorised course has been required by the Minister under this section fails except by

reason of sickness or other unavoidable cause

to attend at that course, then—

(a) in the case of a person who has not

attained the age of sixteen years,

proceedings may be taken by or on

Part T.

— cont.

Application

of Part I

to Scotland

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 37.

31 &32

Vict. c. 100

222

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part I.

— cant.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 12.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

e. 48.

behalf of the Minister under section

four of the Day Industrial Schools

(Scotland) Act, 1893 (notwithstanding

that such person may be over the age

at which an order could otherwise be

made under that section) as if the

requirement to attend at the course were

an attendance order and as if proceedings could be taken by or on behalf

of the Minister under the said section,

and the provisions of the said Act shall

apply accordingly provided that it shall

not be competent in any proceedings

under this subsection to pronounce a

sentence of imprisonment; and

(b) in the case of a person who has attained

the age of sixteen years, the provisions

of subsection (8) of section fifteen of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918,

shall apply as if the requirement to

attend at the course were an order by

an education authority served upon

such person in accordance with that

subsection.

For the purposes of this subsection and of

any such proceedings as aforesaid, a person

who, by reason of his misbehaviour while

attending at any course, has been required

to discontinue his attendance thereat for any

period, shall be deemed to have failed without

unavoidable cause to attend at that course."

(8) Subsection (1) of section twenty-four shall not

apply.

(9) Section thirty-one shall have effect as if the

definition of " Education authority, " in subsection (1), were omitted, and as if for subsection

(4) there were substituted the following subsection :—

" (4) The powers and duties of an education authority under this Part of this Act shall

be exercised and performed as part of their

duties under the Education (Scotland) Acts,

1872 to 1928, and shall include, in relation

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

223

to the provision of authorised courses, in

pursuance of section thirteen of this Act—

(a) the like powers and duties as are

conferred or imposed by the said Acts with

regard to the provision 6f schools;

(b) the power and duty conferred by

section four of the Education (Scotland)

Act, 1908; and

(c) power to pay travelling expenses

necessarily incurred by persons required

to attend authorised courses."

33. —(1) Whereas this Part of this Act will not,

save as therein otherwise expressly provided, come into

operation until after the first day of July, nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, the following provisions shall

have effect:—

(a) subsection (1) of section one of the Unemployment Insurance (Expiring Enactments) Act,

1933, shall have effect as if for the reference

therein to the thirtieth day of June, nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, there were substituted

a reference to the date on which this Part of this Act comes into operation; and

(b) section eighteen of this Act shall come into

operation on the said first day of July, and the

repeal by this Act of so much of section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921, as

ceases to have effect by virtue of that section

and of paragraph (4) of article eight of the

Unemployment Insurance (National Economy)

(No. 2) Order, 1931, shall have effect as from

that date.

(2) This section shall come into operation on the

passing of this Act.

34. —(1) Save as therein otherwise expressly provided, this Part of .this Act shall come into operation

on the twenty-sixth day of July, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four.

(2) The provisions of this Act amending section

forty-one of the principal Act shall have effect so as to

amend that section in its application to Northern Ireland,

but, save as aforesaid, this Part of this Act shall not

extend to Northern Ireland.

Part 1.

— cont.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 63.

Supplemental

provisions

consequent

on date of

commencement of

Part I.

Commencement, construction,

extent and

citation of

Part. I.

224 Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part I. (3) This Part of this Act (including the First, Second,

— eorU Third, Fourth and Fifth Schedules to this Act) may be

cited separately as the Unemployment Insurance Act,

1934, and the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1934, and the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1933, shall be

construed as one Act and may be cited together as the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1934.

Part II.

Unemployment Assistance.

Constitution and Functions of Unemployment Assistance

Board.

35.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act

there shall be constituted a Board, to be called " the

Unemployment Assistance Board, " and the provisions

of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with

respect to the constitution and proceedings of the

Board.

(2) The functions of the Board shall be the assistance

of persons to whom this Part of this Act applies who are

in need of work and the promotion of their welfare and,

in particular, the making of provision for the improvement and re-establishment of the condition of such

persons with a view to their being in all respects fit for

entry into or return to regular employment, and the

grant and issue to such persons of unemployment allowances (hereinafter referred to as "allowances") in

accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(3) For the purpose of securing the advice and

assistance of persons having local knowledge and

experience in matters affecting the functions of the

Board under this Part of this Act, the Board shall

arrange for the establishment of advisory committees

throughout Great Britain to act for such areas as the

Board thinks fit, and may pay to members of such

committees such travelling and other allowances (including compensation for loss of remunerative time) as

the Board, after consultation with the Minister and

with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.

(4) A report on the operation of this Part of this Act shall be made annually by the Board to the Minister

who shall lay every such report before Parliament.

Unemployment

Assistance

Board and

advisory

committees.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

225

36.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to suspension from the application

thereof, this Part of this Act applies to any person

in whose case the following qualifications are f ulfill ed,

that is to say, —•

(a) that he has attained the age of sixteen years and

has not attained the age of sixty-five years; and

(b) that he is either—

(i) a person whose normal occupation is

employment in respect of which contributions

are payable under the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 to

1932; or

(ii) a person who, not having normally been

engaged in any remunerative occupation since

attaining the age of sixteen years, might

reasonably have expected that his normal

occupation would have been such employment

as aforesaid but for the industrial circumstances

of the district in which he resides; and

(c) that he is capable of and available for work:

Provided that during any period during which a

person is disqualified for receiving benefit under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts owing to his having lost

employment by reason of a stoppage of work which was

due to a trade dispute, or during which he would have

been so disqualified as aforesaid if he had been an

insured contributor under those Acts, he shall, notwithstanding that the foregoing qualifications are fulfilled in

his case, be deemed not to be a person to whom this

Part of this Act applies.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing qualifications,

a person shall not be deemed not to be capable of, and

available for, work by reason only that he is attending

at an authorised course under the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1934, *or at a training course or course

of instruction approved by the Minister in his case

under that Act, or at a training course or course of

instruction or at any place at which he is required

to be in’accordance with a condition attached to a

determination made under this Part of this Act, and

rules made under this Part of this Act may provide

that a person shall, in such circumstances as may

P

Part II.

— oont.

Application

of Part II

of Act.

226

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II. be specified in the rules, be deemed to be capable of and

— cont. available for work notwithstanding such periods of

occasional sickness or incapacity as may be specified

therein.

(3) Any question whether a person is or is not a

person to whom this Part of this Act applies shall be

decided by officers of the Board on an application made

in the prescribed manner, but any applicant for an

allowance under this Part of this Act or any public

assistance authority may appeal from any such decision

to the chairman of the appeal tribunal constituted in

accordance with the provisions of the Seventh Schedule

to this Act, whose decision shall be final:

Provided that, if, on consideration of any appeal

under this subsection, any dispute or doubt arises as to—

(a) the question whether any employment is employment in respect of which contributions are

payable under the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1925 to 1932; or

(b) the question whether a person is disqualified

for receiving benefit under the Unemployment

Insurance Acts owing to his having lost employment by reason of a stoppage of work which was

due to a trade dispute, or would have been so

disqualified as aforesaid if he had been an

insured contributor under those Acts;

the first mentioned question shall be referred by the

chairman of the appeal tribunal for the decision of the Minister of Health in such manner as he may direct, and

the second mentioned question shall be referred by the

chairman of the appeal tribunal to the insurance officer

and be determined by the same persons and in the same

manner as if the question had arisen upon a claim for

benefit under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, so,

however, that an appeal from the decision of an insurance

officer or a court of referees upon any such question shall

not lie at the instance of a public assistance authority.

An appeal from a decision of the Minister of Health

upon a question referred to him under this subsection

shall lie in the same manner as an appeal under section

14 & 15 eighty-nine of the National Health Insurance Act, 1924,

Geo. 5. o. 38. and the rides of court for regulating such appeals shall

apply accordingly and the Minister of Health shall have

the same power to refer a question for decision, and the

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

227

same powers as to revising decisions, and the same right of

appearing and being heard, as he has under that section.

(4) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall be

construed as preventing an officer of the Board or the

chairman of the appeal tribunal, on new facts being

brought to his knowledge, revising a decision given in

any particular ease, but for the purposes of any such

revision the provisions of the last foregoing subsection

shall apply in like manner as they applied in relation

to the original decision, and the revised decision shall

have effect as from the date thereof.

37. In the exercise of the functions of the

Unemployment Assistance Board under this Part of this Act the Board, with the approval of the Minister, may—

(a) provide and maintain training courses for persons

who have attained the age of eighteen years and

make contributions in respect of the cost of the provision and maintenance of such courses

by the Minister or by any local authority or

other body; and

(b) make provision for the continuance of the

training and instruction afforded in connection

with any such training course by entering into

agreements with local authorities whereby

persons to whom this Part of this Act applies,

may, as part of such training and instruction,

be employed for periods not exceeding three

months upon work for the authority of such a

character as to render them more fit for entry

into or return to regular employment and under

conditions suitable for that purpose; but any

such agreement shall be subject to the approval

of the Treasury and shall provide for payment

at the expense of the authority of the rates of

wages customary in the district, and may

provide for contributions being made by the

Board in respect of any additional expenditure

incurred by the authority by reason of the work

being utilised as part of the training course.

Allowances and Training.

38. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act an

allowance may be granted thereunder to any person to

Pailt II

— cont.

Provision

and maintenance of

training

courses.

Persons to

whom and

circum-

228

Part II.

— amt.

stances in

which allow

a rices may

be granted.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

whom this Part of this Act applies, if he proves in

accordance with rules made under this Part of this Act—

(a) that he is registered for employment in the

prescribed manner and has made application

for an allowance in the prescribed manner; and

(b) that he has no work or only such part-time or

intermittent work as not to enable him to earn

sufficient for his needs; and

(c) that he is in need of an allowance.

(2) The amount of any allowance to be granted

under this Part of this Act to an applicant shall be

determined by reference to his needs, including the

needs of any members of the household of which he is

a member who are dependent on or ordinarily supported

by him, not being persons in whose case the qualifications set out in subsection (1) of section thirty-six

of this Act are fulfilled.

(3) The need of an applicant shall be determined

and his needs assessed in accordance with regulations

made under this Part of this Act, and such regulations

shall in particular provide that the resources of an

applicant taken into account shall include the resources

of all members of the household of which he is himself

a member (due regard being had also to the personal

requirements of those members whose resources are taken

into account) and shall further provide that in computing all such resources the following provisions shall

be complied with, that is to say, —

(a) the first five shillings a week of any sick pay

from a Friendly Society and the first seven

shillings and sixpence a week of any benefit under

the National Health Insurance Acts, 1924 to 1932,

and the whole of any maternity benefit under

those Acts (exclusive of any increase of such

benefit by way of additional benefits and of any

second maternity benefit) shall be disregarded:

(b) the first one pound a week of any wounds or

disability pension shall be disregarded:

(c) any weekly payment by way of compensation

under the enactments relating to workmen’s

compensation shall, as respects one-half thereof,

be disregarded:

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

(d) all money and investments treated as capital

assets shall—

(i) in so far as the value of all such money

and investments considered in the aggregate

does not exceed twenty-five pounds, be disregarded;

(ii) in so far as that value exceeds twenty-

five pounds but does not exceed three hundred

pounds, be treated as equivalent to a weekly

income of one shilling for every complete

twenty-five pounds :•

(e) in taking into account the value to any person

of any interest in the dwelling-house in which

he resides, any sum which might be obtained

by him by selling or borrowing money upon

the security of that interest shall be disregarded.

(4) In this section the expression "needs " does not

include medical needs.

(5) For the purpose of investigating the circumstances of applicants for allowances, the Board may act

either through its own officers, or, if and so long as

there are in force arrangements made in that behalf by

the Board with the Minister or any local authority,

through such officers of the Minister or of the authority

as may be provided by any such arrangement.

39.—(1) All applications for allowances under this

Part of this Act and all questions arising in connection

with such applications shall be determined by officers

of the Unemployment Assistance Board.

(2) In order that an applicant for an allowance

may be given an opportunity of becoming fit for entry

into or return to regular employment, any such determination may, subject to and in accordance with rules made

in that behalf under this Part of this Act, grant an

allowance for the maintenance of the applicant at a

training course or course of instruction and provide for

the issue of payments to him during his training thereat,

and also, where the needs of any member of the household

of which he is a member have been taken into account in

determining the amount of the allowance, provide for

the issue of payments to such of those members as may

be specified in the determination.

229

Part II.

— cont.

Determination of

applications

for allowances and

questions

relating

thereto.

230

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II. (3) Where an applicant for an allowance is dependent

— com . on or ordinarily supported by another member of the

household who is also an applicant for an allowance,

any determination granting an allowance to the first

mentioned applicant may, subject to and in accordance

with rules made in that behalf under this Part of this Act, determine that the allowance granted to him shall

be issued wholly or in part to the second mentioned

applicant.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act there

shall be constituted appeal tribunals and the provisions

of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect with

respect to the constitution and proceedings of such

tribunals.

(5) If any person to whom this Part of this Act

applies is aggrieved by the determination of any officer

of the Board upon any application made by him for an

allowance under this Part of this Act, he may, subject

as hereinafter provided, appeal to the appeal tribunal,

and on any such appeal the tribunal may make a determination confirming the determination appealed against

or substituting therefor any determination which the

officer of the Board might lawfully have made; and any

determination of the appeal tribunal shall be final:

Provided that, save as provided in the section next

following, no appeal under this subsection shall lie to

the appeal tribunal without the leave of the chairman

of the tribunal, so, however, that leave shall not be

granted unless it appears to the chairman that there is

reason to doubt whether the need of the applicant has

been determined or whether his needs have been assessed

in accordance with the regulations made in that behalf

under this Part of this Act, or that there are other special

circumstances affecting the case.

(6) Rules may be made under this Part of this Act—

(a) as to the date as from which determinations

made under this and the next following section

by officers of the Board and by appeal tribunals

shall have effect, and as to the period for which

such determinations shall remain in force;

(b) as to the review of such determinations as

aforesaid.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

231

40.—(1) No application for an allowance shall be

dealt with under this section unless, having regard to all

the circumstances of the case, and, in particular, to the

question whether the applicant has failed to avail himself of opportunities of employment or training and to

the question whether there is any necessity for protecting

the interests of the applicant or of persons dependent

upon him, the officer of the Unemployment Assistance

Board, or on an appeal, the appeal tribunal, by whom

the application is to be determined is of opinion that the

application ought to be dealt with under this section as

a case of special difficulty:

Provided that an application shall not be so dealt

with by reason only that the applicant has not accepted

an offer of employment which would not, in relation to a

claim for benefit under the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, have been held to be suitable employment.

(2) Where the said officer or appeal tribunal, as the

case may be, is of opinion that an application ought to

be dealt with under this section as a case of special

difficulty, the officer, or the tribunal, as the case may be,

may make one or more of the following determinations,

that is to say, —

(a) that the whole or any part of the allowance

granted be issued to such member of the

applicant’s household as may be specified in the

determination;

(b) that the allowance granted be issued otherwise

than in cash;

(c) that the allowance be granted only upon condition that the applicant attends at a work

centre provided and maintained under this

section, or, where arrangements in that behalf

have been made with a public assistance

authority, that he attends at a work centre or

similar place provided and maintained by that

authority, and that while so attending at any

such centre or place he complies with the rules

in force thereat;

(d) where arrangements in that behalf have been

made with a public assistance authority, that

the allowance be granted only upon condition

that the applicant becomes an inmate of a

PAitr II.

— cont.

Method of

dealing with

cases of

special

difficulty.

232

Part II.

— cent.

Suspension

from application of this Part of this Act.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

workhouse and be payable only by way of

payments to the authority in pursuance of the

arrangements and payments to a member of

his household while he is such an inmate.

(3) If an applicant is aggrieved by any such determination as aforesaid made in his case by an officer

of the Board he may, without leave, appeal to the appeal

tribunal.

(4) In the exercise of the functions of the Board

under this Part of this Act, the Board may provide

and maintain work centres for the purpose of affording

occupation suitable for applicants whose cases are

dealt with under this section, and may make arrangements with any public assistance authority for the

attendance of applicants whose cases are so dealt with

at any work centre or similar place provided and

maintained by that authority.

41. Upon any application for an allowance, if the

officer of the Unemployment Assistance Board by whom

the application is to be determined is satisfied that the

applicant has persistently refused or neglected to maintain himself or his family or has persistently contravened

conditions attached in accordance with determinations

made under the last foregoing section, he shall make a

special report to the appeal tribunal, and the tribunal

may direct that for such period as may be specified in

the direction no further application for an allowance

made by the applicant shall be considered, and during

any period so specified he shall, notwithstanding that

the qualifications set out in section thirty-six of this Act are fulfilled in his case, be deemed not to be a

person to whom this Part of this Act applies:

Provided that—

(a) no such direction shall be given until an

opportunity to be heard has been afforded

to the applicant; and

(b) if by reason of any such direction an applicant

becomes chargeable to any public assistance

authority, that authority may apply to the

appeal tribunal for the reconsideration of the case, and upon any such application the

tribunal may revoke or vary the direction in

such manner as the tribunal thinks proper.

1934.

U nemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

233

42. —(1) An allowance granted under this Part of this Act shall, in accordance with rules made under this Part

of this Act, be issued by officers of the Unemployment

Assistance Board, or by arrangement with the Minister

by his officers, or by arrangement with an education authority by their officers, and, except where the

Board with the approval of the Minister otherwise directs,

shall be issued at the local offices of the Ministry of

Labour or, in the case of allowances issued by officers of

education authorities, at the offices of the authority:

Provided that rules made under this Part of this Act may, with the concurrence of the Postmaster General,

authorise the payment of allowances through the Post

Office in such cases as may for the purpose of dealing

with special circumstances be provided by the rules.

(2) Section six of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1923 (which relates to arrangements with education

authorities for administration of benefit) shall apply in

relation to the issue of allowances under this Part of this Act in like manner as it applies in relation to the

administration of benefit under the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1934; and any scheme made or

amended after the passing of this Act under that section

and approved after the passing of this Act and any

regulations made under that section after the passing of this Act may make provision as to the administration of

such allowances:

Provided that, where any scheme making such

provision as aforesaid is in force, the sums repaid to an

education authority equal to the aggregate amount from

time to time paid in such allowances as aforesaid, shall

be paid by the Board, and any sums paid to an education

authority in respect of administrative expenses in relation

to such allowances shall be treated as part of the expenses

incurred by the Minister attributable to the carrying of this Part of this Act into effect.

43. If any person who has attained the age of

eighteen years, being a person to whom this Part of this Act applies, proves, in accordance with rules made

under this Part of this Act—

(a) that he is registered for employment in the

prescribed manner; and

(b) that he has no work,

Part II.

— cont.

Issue of

allowances.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 2.

Power to

permit

training

to persons

over

eighteen

who are not

in need.

234

Part II.

— cunt.

Unemployment Assistance Fund

Contributions of

local

authorities

to Unemployment

Assistance

Fund.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

any officer of the Unemployment Assistance Board

authorised by the Board in that behalf may permit him

to attend at a training course provided by the Board

or may arrange for his attendance at some other such

course, notwithstanding that he is not in need of an

allowance under this Part of this Act, and the Board

may provide for the issue of payments to him during

his training at the course.

Financial.

44. —(1) There shall, in accordance with regulations

made by the Treasury, be established a fund which

shall be called the Unemployment Assistance Fund and

shall, subject to the provisions of those regulations, be

under the control and management of the Unemployment

Assistance Board; and all sums received by the Board

shall be paid into the fund.

(2) The regulations to be made by the Treasury as

aforesaid shall make provision with respect to the

accounts which are to be kept by the Board, and in

particular shall provide that on or before the thirtieth

day of November in each year an account shall be

prepared and transmitted to the Comptroller and

Auditor General showing the sums paid into, and the

sums issued out of, the fund in the year ending on the

preceding thirty-first day of March; and the Comptroller

and Auditor General shall before the end of January

next following examine the account and make a report

thereon and the account and report shall be laid before

Parliament.

45. —(1) There shall be paid to the Unemployment

Assistance Board by the council of every county and

county borough an annual contribution towards the

expenses of the Board.

(2) The contributions to be paid by any such council

as aforesaid in each of the years in the period beginning

on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four, and ending on the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and thirty-seven, shall be three-fifths of the sum of the two following amounts, that is to say, —

(a) the estimated expenditure (excluding the cost of

administration) incurred by the council in the

year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

235

nineteen hundred and thirty-three, on the

provision of relief which would not have been

provided if this Part of this Act had then been

in operation; and

(6) the difference between the estimated cost of

administration incurred by the council in the

Said year in connection with the provision of

relief and the estimated cost of administration

which would have been so incurred if this Part

of this Act had then been in operation:

Provided that—

(i) in the case of any council which in the year

ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, received a grant out

of moneys provided by Parliament for special

grants to local authorities in distressed areas,

the a nn ual contribution to be paid by the council

shall be calculated as if the sum of the two

amounts aforesaid were reduced by an amount

equal to that grant:

(ii) such reduction shall be made in the amount

of the contributions payable for the year

beginning on the said first day of April as,

having regard to the date fixed under the

provisions of Part III of this Act for the second

appointed day, the Minister of Health may

with the consent of the Treasury direct:

(iii) in cases where the boundary of a county or

county borough has (whether before or after

the passing of this Act) been altered since the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and thirty-two, such adjustment shall be

made in the amount of the contributions of

that council as the Minister of Health may

direct.

(3) In the foregoing provisions of this section the

expression " estimated " means, in relation to any

expenditure of, or cost to, a council, estimated to the

satisfaction of the Minister of Health in accordance

with directions given by him.

(4) In computing for the purposes of this section

the estimated expenditure incurred by a council in the

Tart II.

— ront.

236 Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II. year ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

— cent. hundred and thirty-three, no account shall be taken of the possibility that some persons might in that year have

been dealt with under section forty-one of this Act; but

if, having regard to records kept by public assistance

authorities in accordance with directions given by the

Board, the Board is of opinion, as respects any year in the

period mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, that

the cost of relief provided in Great Britain which would

not have been incurred if the persons to whom the relief

was provided had not been chargeable to such authorities

in consequence of the provisions of sections forty and

forty-one of this Act, exceeds five per cent, of the

aggregate amount of the contributions payable under the

foregoing provisions of this section for that year, the

Board shall reduce the contributions so payable by the

amount estimated by the Board to be the amount of the

excess, the reduction in the contribution of each council

bearing the same proportion to the excess so estimated

as the cost of such relief as aforesaid provided by that

council bears to the aggregate cost of such relief provided

in Great Britain.

(5) The contributions to be paid by a council

under this section in the years subsequent to the

period mentioned hi subsection (2) of this section

shall be calculated in such maimer as Parliament may

determine.

(6) The contributions payable under this section

shall be paid in such instalments payable at such times

as the Treasury may direct.

Payment of 46, — (1) All expenses of the Unemployment Assist-

expenses ance Board (including the amount of the allowances

out of Un- is sue(j under this Part of this Act, but not including any

Assistance 111 sa ar ies or allowances of officers and servants of the

Fund. Board or any remuneration, salaries or allowances of

members, officers and servants of appeal tribunals) shall

be defrayed out of the Unemployment Assistance Fund:

Provided that the Board shall make application to

the Minister for the determination of the maximum

amount of the expenses of the Board in every year, other

than the aggregate amount of the allowances issued

under this Part of this Act, and the total sum paid out of the fund in any year in respect of such expenses shall

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

237

not exceed such sum as may be determined by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) There shall in each year be paid to the Treasury

out of the fund at such times and in such manner as the

Treasury may direct, such sum as the Minister may

estimate, in accordance with directions given by the

Treasury, to be the amount of any expenses of any

Government department attributable to the carrying of this Part of this Act into effect; and in calculating the

said expenses for the purposes of this subsection, there

shall be included—

(a) any capital expenditure incurred by the department for the purpose of providing premises for

the purposes of this Part of this Act;

(b) in respect of the use of any premises provided by

the department and used for the purposes of this

Part of this Act in respect of which no rent is

payable by the Board, an amount determined

by the Treasury, with the consent of the Minister, regard being had to the rental value

of the premises and to any capital expenditure

incurred as aforesaid which has been charged

to the fund:

Provided that if, in any case where the amount of

any such expenditure as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection has been charged to the fund, the premises

in respect of which the expenditure was incurred are

sold or cease to be used for the purposes of this Part of this Act, there shall be deducted from the amount

thereafter chargeable to the said fund under this section

such sum as may be determined by the Treasury, with

the consent of the Minister, to represent the whole or the

appropriate proportion of the then value of the premises.

(3) There shall in each year be paid to the Treasury

out of the fund at such times and in such manner as the

Treasury may direct, such sum as, in the opinion of the

Treasury, approximately represents the amount of the accruing liabilityin respect of any superannuation allowances,

lump sums or gratuities to which any officers, inspectors

or servants employed (whether by the Board or otherwise)

for the purposes of this Part of this Act or the legal

personal representatives of any such persons will become

Part II

—coni

238

Ch. 29.

U nemploymeid

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— cord.

Expenditure out of

moneys provided by

Parliament.

Penalty for

fraudulently

obtaining

allowance

and recovery of

overpayments.

entitled under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919, in

respect of that employment.

47. There shall be paid in each year out of moneys

provided by Parliament—

(a) the salaries and allowances of the officers and

servants of the Unemployment Assistance Board

and the remuneration, salaries and allowances

of the members, officers and servants of the

appeal tribunals constituted under this Part of this Act;

(b) such contributions to the Unemployment

Assistance Fund as the Minister after consultation with the Board may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine to be necessary in order

to enable the fund to defray payments falling

to be made therefrom in that year;

(c) any superannuation allowances, lump sums and

gratuities payable under the Superannuation

Acts, 1834 to 1919, by virtue of the provisions

of this Part of this Act;

(d) the expenses of any Government department

attributable to the carrying of this Part of this Act into effect.

Miscellaneous and General.

48. —(1) Any person who, for the purpose of obtaining

an allowance, either for himself or for any other person,

knowingly makes any false statement or false representation, shall be liable on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(2) If it is found at any time that an applicant

for an allowance has, whether fraudulently or otherwise, procured by the non-disclosure or misrepresentation

of a material fact any issue by way of an allowance

to himself or any other person in excess of that

which would have been made but for the non-disclosure

or misrepresentation, a sum equivalent to the excess

shall be repaid by him to the Board and (without prejudice

to any other remedy) shall be recoverable by the Board

from him summarily as a civil debt, and if any question

arises (whether in or in connection with any legal proceedings or otherwise) as to the amount of any such excess,

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

239

the question shall be referred in the prescribed manner p ARX u #

to the appeal tribunal and a certificate signed by the — emu.

clerk of that tribunal, setting forth the decision of the

tribunal upon the question, shall be conclusive evidence

of the amount of the excess, and any certificate purporting

to be signed by the clerk shall be deemed to be so signed

unless the contrary is proved.

(3) Proceedings under this section before a court

of summary jurisdiction may be instituted, prosecuted

or conducted on behalf of the Board by any officer

authorised in that behalf by a special or general

direction of the Board, notwithstanding that he is not of

counsel or a solicitor.

(4) Notwithstanding any provision in any Act prescribing the period within which summary proceedings

may be commenced, proceedings for an offence under

this section may be commenced at any time within

three months from the date on which evidence,

sufficient in the opinion of the Board to justify a

prosecution for the offence, comes to the knowledge

of the Board or within twelve months after the

commission of the offence, whichever period is the

longer.

For the purposes of this subsection, a certificate

signed by the secretary of the Board as to the date on

which such evidence as aforesaid came to the knowledge

of the Board shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

(5) Proceedings for the summary recovery as civil

debts of sums due to the Board may, notwithstanding

anything in any Act to the contrary, be brought at any

time within one year from the time when the matter

complained of arose.

49. If it appears to the Minister of Health that any

sums have been paid to any person by way of an allowance in respect of any period subsequent to the date on

which an old age pension under the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, commenced to accrue to that person, the Minister may direct

that the sums so paid shall be treated as advances made

to that person on account of the old age pension, and

accordingly in section twenty-three of the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1929

(which relates to sickness or other benefit paid to persons

Provisions

as to allowance paid to

persons entitled to old

age pensions.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. e. 10.

.70.

240 Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II. entitled to old age pensions), after the words "the

— cont. Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1929, " there

shall be inserted the words "or by way of an allowance

under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, " and

after the words "to the Unemployment Fund " there

shall be inserted the words "or to the Unemployment

Assistance Fund."

Miscella- 50 .—(1)Every public assistance authority shall per-

neous. mit any officer of the Unemployment Assistance Board or

any officer through whom the Board is for the time

being acting to inspect and take copies of any documents

in the possession or power of the authority which he

reasonably requires to inspect in connection with his

duties, and in like manner, the Board shall permit any

officer of a public assistance authority to inspect and

take copies of any documents in the possession or power

of the Board which he reasonably requires to inspect

in connection with his duties.

(2) Every public assistance authority shall when

required by the Board transfer to the Board such

documents relating to persons who, in the opinion of the authority, cease to be chargeable to the authority

by reason of the passing of this Part of this Act as may

be specified in the requisition, so, however, that if any

such person is by a decision for the time being in force

decided not to be a person to whom this Part of this Act applies, the documents relating to him shall be

retransferred to the authority when required by them.

(3) The Board may pay or contribute towards the

travelling expenses of any person travelling to or from

any place to which he goes by reason of any determination, arrangements made, or permission given, under this

Part of this Act.

(4) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable upon any

receipt for an allowance under this Part of this Act.

(5) Where for the purposes of this Part of this Act, the age, marriage or death of any person is required

to be proved by the production of a certificate of birth,

marriage or death, any person shall on presenting a

written requisition in such form and containing such

particulars as may from time to time be prescribed by the Minister of Health and on payment of a fee, in the case of

a birth certificate, of sixpence, and in the c^se of a

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

241

marriage or death certificate, of one shilling, be entitled

to obtain a certified copy of the entry of the birth,

marriage or death, as the case may be, of that person in

the register, under the hand of the registrar or superintendent registrar or other person having the custody

thereof; and forms of requisition shall on request be

supplied without charge by every registrar of births

and deaths and by every superintendent registrar or

other person having the custody of the register.

51. — (1) Rules may, within twelve months after

the passing of this Act, be made by the Treasury after

consultation with the Minister of Health and the

Secretary of State with respect to the superannuation

rights of persons who, being officers or servants of local

authorities with pensionable local authority service,

become officers or servants of the Board, and such rules

may provide—

(a) that the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919,

shall have effect in relation to such persons

subject to modifications in respect of the minimum periods of established service which qualify

persons for the benefits of those Acts;

(b) that on the retirement of such persons from the

permanent Civil Service of the State in such

circumstances that an annual superannuation

or compensation or retiring allowance might be

granted to them under the said Acts as modified

by the rules, they shall be entitled or qualified

in respect of their pensionable local authority

service to receive from the local authority from

whose service they retired in order to become

officers or servants of the Board such payments

by way of annual allowance, lump sum, or

return of contributions (with or without interest)

as may be prescribed by the rules;

and the rules may provide for such modifications of the

enactments relating to the superannuation of officers

and servants of local authorities as may be necessary

for giving effect to the rules.

(2) Any rules made under this section shall be laid

before Parliament.

Q

Part II.

— cont.

Superannuation

rights of

officers of

local authorities entering the

service of the Unemployment

Assistance

Board.

242

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Ac£, 1934.

Part II.

— cord.

Rules and

regulations.

(3) In this section the expression "pensionable

local authority service " in relation to an officer of a local

authority means service which would be taken into

account for the purpose of determining whether he would

be entitled to, or qualified for, any, and if so, what,

superannuation allowance on leaving the service of the

authority and includes all such service, whether or not

for a period sufficient to render him so entitled or

qualified as aforesaid; and the expression "enactments "

includes schemes relating to the superannuation of

officers and servants of local authorities made under or

in pursuance of any enactment.

52.—(1) The Unemployment Assistance Board may

make rules for carrying this Part of this Act into effect

and in particular (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision) with respect to all matters with

respect to which rules are specifically required or authorised by this Act to be made under this Part of this Act

(except rules authorised to be made under the last foregoing section), but no rules made by the Board shall have

effect until confirmed by the Minister, and any such rules

shall, when confirmed, be laid before Parliament as soon

as may be thereafter, and if either House of Parliament

within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on

which that House has sat after any such rule

has been laid before it resolves that the rule

shall be annulled, the rule shall forthwith be void,

but without prejudice to the validity of anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of a new

rule.

(2) The Board shall within four months from the

passing of this Act and thereafter from time to time as

occasion may require prepare and submit to the Minister

draft regulations for the purpose of subsection (3) of

section thirty-eight of this Act, and the Minister shall

consider any draft regulations so submitted to him and

shall make draft regulations either in the form of the

draft submitted to him or subject to such variations and

amendments as he t hinks fit:

Provided that, where the Minister makes any draft

regulations otherwise than in the form of the draft

submitted to him he shall, before making the draft

regulations, inform the Board of the variations and

amendments which he intends to make and the Board

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

shall report to him thereon and he shall consider the

report.

(3) Any draft regulations made by the-Minister under

this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon

as may be after they are made, and, if the draft regulations so laid are made otherwise than in the form of the

draft submitted to the Minister, there shall also be laid

before Parliament a statement of the Minister’s reasons

for, and a copy of the report of the Board on, the

variations and amendments made by him.

(4) If each House resolves that draft regulations

made by the Minister under this section be approved,

the Minister shall make regulations in the terms of the

draft to take effect on such date as may be specified in

the regulations.

53. —(1) The enactments relating to the relief of the poor shall have effect subject to the provisions set

out in the Eighth Schedule to this Act.

(2) Save as in this Part of this Act expressly provided, nothing therein shall affect any powers or duties

of any local authority in relation to medical needs or

to burials or to mental or bodily health or to education.

Supplementary.

54. —(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context

otherwise requires, the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is

to say :—

" Contravention, " in relation to any provision or

condition, includes a failure to comply with that

provision or condition:

" Dwelling-house " includes any yard, garden, outhouse and appurtenances belonging thereto:

" Education Authority" means a local education

authority for the purpose of higher education

under the Education Act, 1921:

" Enactments relating to workmen’s compensation "

means the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925

to 1931, and the corresponding enactments in

force in Northern Ireland:

" In the prescribed manner" means in such manner

as may be prescribed by rules made under this

Part of this Act:

24*3

Part II.

— cord.

Modification

of enactments and

saving.

Interpretation of

Part II and

construction of

references.

244

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II.

— cont.

15 & 16

Geo.5. c. 90.

9 & 10

Geo. 5.o. 32.

" Investments " includes interests in land, except

that, in relation to any dwelling-house, it doe3

not include any interest which belongs to a

person who is residing therein:

" Local authority" means any body having power

to levy a rate or to issue a precept to a rating

authority; and " rate " and, except in relation

to London, " rating authority " have respectively

the same meanings as in the Rating and

Valuation Act, 1925:

"Medical needs" means the need of medical or

surgical assistance, including any need of drugs,

medical or surgical appliances or of nursing or

similar services:

" Medical or surgical " includes optical and dental:

" Minister" means the Minister of Labour:

" The Unemployment Insurance Acts" means the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1934:

• " Wounds or disability pension" means any retired

pay or pension to which section sixteen of the

Finance Act, 1919, applies.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a person

shall be deemed according to the law in England as well

as according to the law in Scotland not to have attained

the age of sixteen years until the commencement of the

sixteenth anniversary of the day of his birth, and

similarly with respect to other ages.

(3) References in this Part of this Act to "the

appeal tribunal" shall, in relation to any application

for an allowance, or for a decision that a person is a

person to whom this Part of this Act applies, be construed as references to the appeal tribunal for the district

in which the application was made.

(4) References in this Part of this Act to a Government Department shall not include references to the

Unemployment Assistance Board.

(5) Any power conferred by this Part of this Act

to provide training courses and work centres shall be

construed as including power to acquire land, to construct buildings, to provide and maintain plant and

equipment, and to do such other things as may be

necessary for the purposes of any such course or centre.

1934.

U nemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

245

(6) Any reference in this Part of this Act to any Past II.

other enactment or to any provision of any other enact- —coni,

ment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be

construed as a reference to that enactment or that provision, as the case may be, as amended by any

subsequent enactment, including this Act.

55. This Part of this Act in its application to Application

Scotland shall have effect subject to the following o{ Part II

modifications:— to spot 'and.

(1) A reference to the Department of Health for

Scotland shall be substituted for any reference

in section thirty-six, forty-nine, or fifty to

the Minister of Health, and a reference to the

Secretary of State shall be substituted for any

reference in section forty-five to the said

Minister.

(2) "Public assistance authority" means a local

authority which is charged with the administration of the relief of the poor, and "work-

house" means poorhouse.

(3) Section forty-five shall have effect as if a reference to a large burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, 19 & 20

were substituted for any reference to a county Geo. 5. o. 25.

borough, as if references to the fifteenth day of

May, or, in the case of a council whose financial

year ends on a day other than the fifteenth day

of May, to that other day, were substituted for

the references to the thirty-first day of March

in paragraph (a) of, and proviso (iii) to, subsection

(2) and in subsection (4), and as if after subsection (6) of the said section there were added

the following subsections :—

" (7) The contributions payable under this

section shall be defrayed by the councils

concerned in like manner as expenditure for

the relief of the poor.

(8) For the purposes of this section a

county shall include any burgh situate

therein which is a small burgh within the

meaning of the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929; and any reference to a county

shall, in the case of the counties of Perth and

Kinross and of the counties of Moray and

Nairn, be construed as a reference to the

246

Part II.

— cont.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 34.

Power to

make reciprocal

arrangements

relating to

Northern

Ireland.

Extent and

citation of

Part H,

Transitory

provisions

as to

benefit.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

combined county of Perth and Kinross or to

the combined county of Moray and Naim, as

the case may be, and any reference to the

council of a county shall be construed

accordingly."

(4) Subsections (3) and (5) of section forty-eight

shall not apply.

(5) In subsection (1) of section fifty-four the definition of "Education authority " shall be

omitted, and for the definition of "LocaJ

authority" there shall be substituted the

following definition :—

" ‘ Local authority’has the same meaning

as in the Local Authorities Loans

(Scotland) Act, 1891."

56. —(1) If the Parliament of Northern Ireland

make provision for the establishment therein of any

scheme of unemployment assistance substantially corresponding to that provided by this Part of this Act, the

Unemployment Assistance Board may, with the consent of the Treasury and in accordance with rules made under

this Part of this Act, make reciprocal arrangements

with the authority administering the scheme for dealing

with the cases of persons transferring between Great

Britain and Northern Ireland, and for determining the

conditions under which such persons may be paid

allowances.

(2) Any such rules may provide that this Part of this Act shall, in relation to persons affected by any

arrangements made under this section, have effect subject

to such modifications as may be prescribed by the rules.

57. —(1) This Part of this Act shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

(2) This Part of this Act (including the Sixth,

Seventh and Eighth Schedules to this Act) may be cited

separately as the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934.

Part III.

SlTPPLEM ENT Alt Y.

Transitory Provisions.

58. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in section four

of this Act, references in the provisions of Part I of this Act or in the provisions of this section to the

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

benefit year of an insured contributor, shall be construed

as including references to benefit years beginning before

the commencement of Part I of this Act and determined

in accordance with the enactments repealed by this Act, if and only if during the year and before the

commencement of Part I of this Act the insured

contributor on a claim for benefit proved—

(a) that he was either a person in respect of whom

thirty contributions had been paid within

the time limited by the first statutory

condition, or a person who was by virtue of

subsection (5) of section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927, to be treated as

having satisfied that condition; and

(b) in the case only of a person who had exhausted

his benefit rights in his last preceding benefit

year, also that contributions had been paid

in respect of him for ten weeks since the Sunday

last before the last day in respect of which he

was entitled to benefit;

and accordingly references in the said provisions to the

last preceding benefit year of an insured contributor

shall be construed as references to the last preceding

benefit year in which on a claim for benefit he so

proved the matters aforesaid:

Provided that for the purposes of the reference to

" the benefit years which ended in the last five years "

in paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section three of this Act, the expression "benefit year " shall be construed

as including any benefit year determined in accordance

with the enactments repealed by this Act.

(2) An insured contributor in whose case a benefit

year is current at the commencement of Part I of this Act—

(a) shall, subject to and in accordance with regulations made by the Minister, be treated throughout the remainder of that benefit year as if the

the first statutory condition continued to be

fulfilled in his case; and

(b) shall not be deemed to have exhausted his

benefit rights in that year on the ground

247

Part II.

—cor

17 & 18

Geo.5. c. 30.

248

Past HI.

— cont.

Temporary

continuation of

transitional

payments.

Ch. 29. Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

that he has exhausted such rights under sub-

paragraph (b) of paragraph (1) of Article one of the

Unemployment Insurance (National Economy)

(No. 2) Order, 1931, unless he has also exhausted

such rights under section three of this Act.

59.—(1) Notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of the enactments specified in Part II of the Ninth

Schedule to this Act, subject to - the provisions of this

section determinations with respect to transitional

payments shall be made under paragraph (3) of Article

one of the Unemployment Insurance (National Economy)

(No. 2) Order, 1931, and transitional payments shall be

made in accordance with determinations made under

that paragraph, as if the said enactments had not been

repealed, and the said enactments shall continue to have

effect in relation to transitional payments:

Provided that, as from the commencement of Part I

of this Act, the reference in paragraph (2) of Article one

of the said Order to persons who would but for the

operation of the preceding paragraph of that Article

have been entitled to benefit shall be construed as

including a reference to persons who would have been

entitled to benefit if they had not exhausted their benefit

rights.

(2) As from the first appointed day, no determination shall be made under paragraph (3) of Article

one of the said Order, but any determination under the

said paragraph (3) which was in force immediately

before the said day shall, unless revoked by the Unemployment Assistance Board, continue in force for the

period for which it would have continued in force if

this Act had not been passed, and no transitional payments

shall be made otherwise than in accordance with a

determination in force under this subsection.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, an insurance officer shall not him self disallow any application

for transitional payments on the ground that the applicant

is not normally employed in, or will not normally seek

to obtain his livelihood by means of, insurable employment, but if he is not satisfied with respect to those

questions shall, so far as practicable, within fourteen days

after the date on which the application was submitted

to him for examination, refer the matter to the court of

referees for their decision.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

249

(4) For the purposes of this section, an interim

determination made in accordance with regulations made

under Article 3 of the said Order shall be deemed to be

a determination made under paragraph (3) of Article 1

of that Order.

60 . If any difficulty arises with respect to the

foregoing transitory provisions of this Part of this Act

the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, may by

order make such modifications in those provisions as

may appear to him necessary for preventing anomalies

during the period affected by the transition to the

provisions of this Act from the provisions of the

enactments repealed by this Act:

Provided that the Minister shall not exercise the

powers conferred by this section after the expiration of

two months from the second appointed day.

61 . — (1)No application for an allowance shall

be taken into consideration before the first appointed

day.

(2) Subject to rules made by the Unemployment

Assistance Board under Part II of this Act, no application

for an allowance shall be taken into consideration before

the second appointed day unless the applicant would

have been entitled to transitional payments if a determination that he is in need had been in force; and if any

dispute or doubt arises as to the question whether an

applicant would have been so entitled, the question shall

be referred to the insurance officer and determined by

the same persons and in the same manner as if the

question had arisen in relation to an application for

transitional payments.

(3) Where an application for an allowance is made

by a person to whom Part II of this Act applies in

whose case an order for outdoor relief was in force

immediately before the second appointed day, then, at

any time during the two months beginning on that day,

an allowance equal in amount to the amount of outdoor

relief specified in the order may be granted to him,

without any determination as to his need, until such

a determination can be made.

(4) Until the second appointed day the provisions

of the Eighth Schedule to this Act prohibiting the

giving of outdoor relief to persons who have been decided

Part III.

— cont.

Prevention

of anomalies

during

transitory

period.

Transitory

provisions

as to allow *

ances.

250

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part III. to be persons to whom Part II of this Act applies and to

cont’persons in receipt of unemployment benefit, shall have

effect as if they prohibited outdoor relief being given

to persons whose applications for allowances can under

this section be considered before the second appointed

day; and the provisions of the said Schedule requiring

the Unemployment Assistance Board to pay the cost of

outdoor relief given to persons to whom Part II of this Act applies pending the decision that they are such

persons and of relief given to such persons in cases of

sudden or urgent necessity, shall apply only as respects

relief given after the first appointed day to persons whose

applications for allowances can be so considered as

aforesaid.

(5) The cost of any allowances given in respect of

any period before the second appointed day shall be

defrayed out of the Unemployment Fund and the

enactments relating to that fund shall apply as if the

allowances had been transitional payments.

Transitory 62. Any increase attributable to the passing of this

provisions Act in the amounts which are, by virtue of paragraphs I

asto and 2 of Article 8 of the Unemployment Insurance

videcPby , T °" (National Economy) (No. 2) Order, 1931, to be paid into

Parliament, the Unemployment Fund shall be defrayed out of moneys

provided by Parliament.

Supplementary.

Definition 63. For the purposes of this Act the expression

of appointed " the first appointed day " and the expression "the

da y* second appointed day" mean respectively such days as

the Minister with the consent of the Treasury may by

order appoint for that purpose.

Short title 64.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Unemploy-

and repeals, ment Act, 1934.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not extend to Northern

Ireland.

(3) The enactments set out in the Ninth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified

in the third column of that Schedule as from the

commencement of Part I of this Act.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

251

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Crediting oe Contributions

IN RESPECT OF PERSONS CONTINUING EDUCATION.

Part I.

Making op Regulations.

Provisions subject to which Regulations may be made.

1. Subject as hereinafter provided, the regulations made

under subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall not

provide for persons who, after attaining the age at which

the period of compulsory elementary instruction ends continue

to receive whole-time education, being credited with contributions until they have so continued for a period of twelve months;

and the number of contributions with which a person who has

so continued for any period specified in the subjoined table

may, under the regulations, be credited shall not exceed the

maximum number specified in the said table as respects that

period:

Provided that for the purpose of avoiding anomalies, and,

in particular, for the purpose of preventing inequalities between

persons who attain the age aforesaid during school holidays, the

said regulations may make provision for any person being deemed

for the purpose of computing the beginning of any such period

as aforesaid to have attained that age on such date (not being

more than three months before or after the date on which he

in fact attains or has attained it) as may be prescribed by the

regulations.

Table.

Period for which Education

continued.

Maximum Number of

Contributions to be credited.

Twelve months or more but less

Ten.

than eighteen months.

Eighteen months or more

Fifteen.

but less than twenty-four

months.

Twenty-four months or more -

Twenty.

Sections

l & 34.

252

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Jcf, 1934.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Particular matters for Regulations.

2. The power of making regulations under subsection (3) of

section one of this Act shall (without prejudice to the generality

thereof) extend in particular to the following matters—

(a) prescribing the types of education, and classes of school,

continuance at which shall be reckoned for the purposes

of crediting contributions;

(b) determining to what extent holidays or other periods of

interruption shall be disregarded for the purpose of

determining whether a person is continuing to receive

whole-time education;

(c) prescribing the procedure as to claims in respect of

contributions so to be credited, including the limitations

of time within which such claims must be made;

(d) requiring local education authorities, governing bodies, or

other persons responsible for the management of schools,

attendance at which may be reckoned for the purposes

of crediting contributions, to supply such particulars as

to school attendances as may be prescribed.

Part II.

Reckoning of Credited Contributions.

1. For the purposes of determining whether the first

statutory condition is fulfilled in the case of any insured

contributor—

(a) any contributions with which he is credited under

regulations made under subsection (3) of section one

of this Act shall be deemed to have been paid in

respect of him at the rate of one contribution for each

week over a period ending with the week in which he

ceased to receive whole-time education or in which

he attained the age of sixteen years, whichever is the

earlier; and for the purposes of paragraph (i) of subsection (2) of section five of the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1927, he shall be deemed to have been

bona fide employed during that period; and

(b) no contributions actually paid in respect of him for

weeks included in the period aforesaid shall be taken

into account, and contributions actually paid in respect

of him for weeks before the beginning of that period

shall be taken into account only if the number of

contributions actually paid in respect of him before he

ceased to receive whole-time education or before he

attained the age of sixteen years, as the case may be,

is in excess of the number with which he is so credited

as aforesaid, and in that case only to the extent of the excess.

1934. Unemployment Cn. 29.

Act, 1934.

2. For the purpose of determining whether an insured

contributor is qualified for additional days, or the maximum

number of such days, no account shall be taken of credited

contributions.

3. For the purposes of subsection (3) of section five of the

principal Act (which relates to contributions out of moneys

provided by Parliament) no account shall be taken of credited

contributions.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Weekly Rates oe Unemployment Beneeit.

Class of persons to whom rate applies. Rate of benefit.

Persons of the age of twenty-one years and upwards s. d.

and young men and young women who are in

receipt of an increase of benefit in respect of

dependants—

Men.17 0

Women ---- 15 0

Persons who have attained the age of eighteen years

but are under the age of twenty-one years, not

being persons in receipt of an increase of benefit in

respect of dependants—

Young men - -- -- - 14 0

Young women - -12 0

Persons who have attained the age of seventeen

years but are under the age of eighteen years—

Boys .----90

Girls.7 5

Persona who are under the age of seventeen years—

Boys ----6

Girls ----5

253

1st Sch.

— cont.

Sections

5 & 34.

0

0

254

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Sections

17 & 34 .

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee.

Part I.

Constitution and Proceedings of Committee.

1. The Committee shall consist of a ohairman and not

less than four nor more than six other members. At least one

member of the Committee shall be a woman.

2. The Chairman and other members shall be appointed

by the Minister and shall hold office for a period which, in the

cases of each of the members first appointed, and of any member

appointed to fill a casual vacancy, shall be of Such duration not

exceeding five years as may be determined by the Minister, and

in the case of all other members shall be a period of five years,

so, however, that the chairman or any member may by notice in

writing to the Minister resign office at any time, and shall be

eligible for reappointment from time to time after his resignation

or after the expiration of his term of office.

3. No member of the Committee shall be capable of being

elected to, or of sitting in, the House of Commons.

4. Of the said members, other than the chairman, there

shall be appointed, one after consultation with organisations

representative of employers, one after consultation with organisations representative of workers, and one after consultation with

the Minister of Labour for Northern Ireland.

5. If a member becomes, in the opinion of the Minister,

unfit to continue in office or incapable of performing his duties,

the Minister shall forthwith declare his office to be vacant, and

shall notify the fact in such manner as he thinks fit, and

thereupon the office shall become vacant.

6. The Minister shall appoint a secretary to the Committee

and may appoint such other officers and such servants to the

Committee, and there shall be paid to them such salaries and

allowances, as the Minister may with the consent of the Treasury

determine.

7. The expenses of the Committee to such an amount as

may be approved by the Treasury (including such salaries or

other remuneration paid to all or any of the members as the

Minis ter with the consent of the Treasury may determine and

including salaries and allowances payable under the last foregoing

paragraph) shall be paid by the Minister.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

255

8. There may be paid as part of the expenses of the Committee to persons attending meetings at the request of the

Committee such travelling and other allowances (including

compensation for loss of remunerative time) as the Minister

may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

9. The Committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy in

the number of the Committee.

10. The Committee may make rules for regulating the

procedure (including the quorum) of the Committee.

11. The Minister shall furnish the Committee with such

information as they may reasonably require for the proper

discharge of their functions under Part I of this Act.

Part II.

Provisions of Unemployment Insurance Acts of which

AMENDMENTS MAY BE RECOMMENDED BY COMMITTEE.

Act.

Provisions of Act.

Subject matter.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1922.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1923.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1925.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1927.

Tho Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1930.

Section seven

Section eight

Section forty-one

Section one

Section five

Subsection (4) of

section one.

First Schedule

Part I

Section four

Section four

Section five

Section four

Subsection (9) of

section eight.

Section nine

Statutory conditions for

receipt of unemployment

benefit.

Disqualifications for unemployment benefit.

Special provisions with respect to discharged seamen, marines, soldiers and

airmen.

Increase of benefit in respect

of dependants.

Meaning of " continuous

period of unemployment."

Meaning of " unemployed."

Supplemental provisions

relating to right to benefit.

Rates of contribution.

Rates of unemployment

benefit.

Provisions as to statutory

conditions for the receipt

of benefit.

Amendment as to disqualifications for receipt

of benefit.

Payment of benefit pending

appeals.

Provision as to payment of

benefit.

3rd Soh.

— cont.

256

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Act.

Provisions of Act.

Subject matter.

The Unemployment

Section one

Provisions with respect to

Insurance (No. 3)

benefit in the case of

Act, 1931.

special classes of persons.

This Act

Subsections (2)

Rates of contributions in

and (3) of section

the case of persons under

one.

eighteen and crediting of

contributions.

Section three

Duration and computation

of benefit.

Section four

Definition of " benefit

year."

Section five

Provisions as to rates of

benefit.

Section six

Amendments as to disqualifications for benefit

and as to third statutory

condition.

Section seven

Amendments as to fifth

statutory condition.

Section eight

Period of disallowance of

benefit in certain cases.

Section nine

Definition of " dependent

child."

Section ten

Amendments as to increase

of benefit in respect of

dependants.

Section fifteen

Power to make grants out

of the Unemployment

Fund towards expenses of

attendance at authorised

courses.

Section twenty-six

Extension of principal Act

to short service constables

of the Metropolitan Police

Force.

First Schedule - ,

Provisions as to the crediting of contributions in

respect of persons continuing education.

Second Schedule •

Weekly rates of unemployment benefit.

Any enactment, whether or not mentioned in the foregoing

provisions of this Part of this Schedule, which amends any of the

enactments therein mentioned.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

257

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to publication op

Draft Regulations and objections thereto.

1. When any draft regulations are submitted by the Minister

to the Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee in pursuance of this Act, the Committee shall publish, in such manner as

they think best adapted for informing persons affected, notice of the fact and of the place where copies of the draft regulations

may be obtained and of the time, which shall not be less than

fourteen or more than twenty-eight days, within which any

objection made with respect to the draft regulations by or on

behalf of persons affected must be sent to them.

2. Every objection shall be in writing and shall state the

portions of the draft which are objected to, the specific grounds

of objection, and the omissions, additions or modifications

asked for.

3. The Committee shall consider any objection made by

or on behalf of any person appearing to them to be affected

which is sent to them within the required time.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1920.

Section 1 - After the word "persons " where that

word first occurs there shall be inserted

the words "of either sex, whether

British subjects or not, being persons."

Section 3 - In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) for the

words " employment in which does not

" make him an employed person within

" the meaning of .this Act " there shall

be substituted the words "which is not

insurable employment."

In paragraph (d) of the said subsection (1)

for the words "employment in which

R

Sections

19 & 34.

Sections

29 & 34.

258

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

6th Sch.

— cont.

Enactments to be

amended.

Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1920— continued.

Section 3— cont.

" would make him an employed person

" within the meaning of this Act " there

shall be substituted the words "which

is insurable employment."

At the end of subsection (1) there shall be

inserted the words "and while holding

" such a certificate shall not be insured

" under this Act."

Section 5 - For subsection (5) the following subsection

shall be substituted :—

" (5) Contributions shall not be payable in respect of blind persons in

receipt of pensions under the Old Age

Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, as

extended by section one of the Blind

Persons Act, 1920."

In subsection (7) after the words "liable to

be insured under this Act " there shall be

inserted the words "and references in

" the Acts relating to unemployment

" insurance to the employer's contri-

" bution shall be construed as including

" a contribution payable under this

" subsection."

Section 10 - In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) there

shall be inserted after the words "is or

is not " the words "or was or was not, "

and after the word "applies " there shall

be inserted the words "or applied."

After paragraph (d) of subsection (1) there

shall be inserted the following paragraph :—

" (e) whether a person was or was

not employed in any excepted employment during any period falling within

the period of two years mentioned in

the first statutory condition."

Section 12 - 'The following shall be substituted for

subsection (2):—

" (2) Unless the context otherwise

requires, any reference in the Acts

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

259

Amendment.

relating to unemployment insurance

to the umpire shall include a reference

to a deputy umpire and to a person

appointed to act in the place of the

umpire or any deputy umpire under

regulations made in pursuance of paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section

thirty-five of this Act."

The proviso to subsection (3) shall be

omitted and in lieu thereof there shall

be inserted the following subsection:—

" (4) There shall in each year be

paid to the Treasury out of the

Unemployment Fund at such times

and in such manner as the Treasury

may direct such sum as the Minister

may estimate in accordance with

directions given by the Treasury to

be the amount of any expenses of any

Government Department attributable

to carrying the Acts relating to

unemployment insurance into effect:

Provided that the sum paid under

this subsection in any year shall not

exceed one-eighth of the receipts paid

into the Unemployment Fund on

account of income, after deducting,

so long as regulations made under

this Act provide for the payment of

contributions by means of unemployment insurance stamps, any sums

which have been refunded on account

of any such stamps or on account

of contributions paid (whether by

stamps or otherwise) in respect of

a person under the erroneous belief

that the contributions were payable in

respect of him under the general

provisions of the said Acts."

Section 17 - In paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) for the words "payable under

this Act " there shall be substituted the

words " for the time being payable."

Enactments to be

amended.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1920— continued.

Section 12— cont.

5th Sch.

— COrit.

260

Ch. 29.

6th Soh

—con/.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendment.

The Unemployment For subsection (3) the following subsection

Insurance Act, shall be substituted:—

1920 — continued. " (3) Where any sum is paid to a

Section 17— cont. person under an arrangement under this

section, so much thereof as represents

the amount of benefit which but for the

arrangement would have been paid

to him shall be deemed for the purpose

of the Acts relating to unemployment

insurance to have been paid by way of

benefit."

Section 22 - In subsection (7) for the words "under this

section, " there shall be substituted the

words " for an offence under this Act."

Section 33 - For the words "the Commissioners of

Inland Revenue " and " the said Commissioners, " there shall be substituted the

words " the Postmaster-General, " and

the words "with the consent of the

Postmaster-General " shall cease to have

effect; and for the words "of this Act

" relating to regulations made by the

" Minister " there shall be substituted the

words " of subsections (3), (4) and (5)

of section thirty-five of this Act."

Section 35 - In subsection (1), in paragraph (c) thereof,

for the word "claims" where that word

first occurs, there shall be substituted

the word " applications "; and after

paragraph (g) there shall be inserted

the following new paragraph—•

" (h) for enabling any insured contributor in whose case good cause

is shown for delay in making a

claim to benefit or in proving

any matter on such a claim, to

be treated for the purposes of

such provisions of the Acts

relating to unemployment insurance as pi ay be specified in the

regulations, as if the claim had

been made or the matter proved

on such earlier date as may be

determined in accordance with

the regulations."

1934.

V nemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

261

Enactments to be

amended.

Amendment.

5th Sch

— cont.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1920— cont.

Section 41

Section 47

Schedule I,

Parti.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1922.

Section 1

In subsection (1) for the words "those

" seamen, marines, soldiers and airmen

" to be credited on discharge with the

" fixed number of contributions " there

shall be substituted the words "such

" seamen, marines, soldiers and airmen

" to be treated for the purposes of this Act

" in the manner hereinafter provided."

For paragraph (e) of subsection (1) there

shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

"(e) The expression ‘insurance

year’means the period beginning on

the twenty-seventh Monday in any

calendar year and ending on the

Sunday preceding the twenty-seventh

Monday in the next calendar year.’ ’

In paragraph (c) for the words "employ -

" ment under any local or other public

" authority " there shall be substituted

the words "employment under any

public or local authority."

The following provision shall be substituted

for the proviso to subsection (1):—

" (la) No increase of benefit shall be

payable under the Acts relating to

Unemployment Insurance in respect of

a wife or female person, not being a

dependent child, who—

(a) is in receipt of benefit (including

benefit under a special scheme); or

(b) is in regular wage-earning employment otherwise than as having

or assisting in the care of the

dependent children of the person

entitled to benefit; or

(c) is engaged in any occupation

ordinarily carried on for profit—

so, however, that the following provisions shall have effect with respect

262

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

5th Sch.

— cont.

Enactments to be

amended.

Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1922— cont.

Section 1— cont.

Section 14

to the expressions hereinafter mentioned, that is to say—

(i) ‘ regular wage-earning employment’ shall not (subject to

the provisions of paragraph (iii)

hereof) include employment where

the amount of wage earned is less

than the increase in the weekly

rate of benefit;

(ii) ‘occupation ordinarily carried

on for profit’ shall not (subject to the

provisions of paragraph (iii) hereof)

include the performance of work

for payment which is less in amount

than the increase in the weekly

rate of benefit;

(iii) neither of the last two foregoing paragraphs shall apply in any

case where both a wage is earned by

employment and payments are received for the performance of work,

unless the aggregate amount of the

wage and payments is less than the

increase in the weeklyrateof benefit;

(iv) ‘ occupation ordinarily carried on for profit’shall not include

the provision of board and accommodation for not more than one

lodger as a member of the family."

The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1):—

"(1) In any case where an authority

has granted outdoor relief to or on account

of, or the Unemployment Assistance

Board has under the Unemployment

Assistance Act, 1934, granted an allowance to, a person who was not in receipt

of benefit, or was in receipt of less than

the full amount of benefit to which he

was entitled—

(a) in excess of the amount which

would have been granted if that

person had been in receipt of benefit

or had been in receipt of the full

amount of benefit to which he was

entitled; or

1934.

Enactments to be

amended.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1922 — cont.

Section 14— cont.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1923.

Section 6 -

Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

Amendment.

(6) in excess of the amount which

would have been granted if an

insured contributor had been in

receipt of an increase of benefit in

respect of that person;

then, if a claim by that person for

benefit, or for the full amount of benefit

to which he was entitled, or a claim in

respect of that person for an increase of

benefit, for any part of the period in respect of which relief, or as the case may be,

an allowance, has been so granted, is subsequently allowed, the Minister may treat

the benefit allowed to that person, or

the increase of benefit allowed in respect

of that person, as the case may be, as

reduced by an amount not exceeding

such an amount as the authority or, as

the case may be, the Board certifies to

have been so paid in excess for the

period for which the benefit or increase

of benefit was allowed, and may pay to

the authority or, as the case may be, to

the Board the amount by which the

benefit or increase of benefit is treated

as having been reduced as aforesaid:

Provided that the total charge on

the Unemployment Fund shall not be

greater than the amount of the benefit

or increase of benefit allowed."

In subsection (1), after the words

" eighteen years " there shall be inserted the words "or in connection

" with the attendance at authorised

" courses of persons under that age or

" in connection with the administra-

" tion of increase of benefit claimed in

" respect of persons between the ages

" of fourteen and sixteen years who are

" dependent children within the meaning

" of the Acts relating to unemployment

" insurance."

263

O CR Sea.

— cont.

264

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

5th Soh. Enactments to be

— cont. amended. Amendment.

The Unemployment In paragraph (b) of subsection (2), for the

Insurance Act, words " a scale fixed " there shall be

1923— cont. substituted the words "regulations

Section 6— cont. made ", and the proviso to the said

subsection (2) shall cease to have effect.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

Section 1 - In subsection (4) for the words "within

the meaning of this section " there

shall be substituted the words "for the

" purposes of the Acts relating to un-

" employment insurance."

Section 6 - There shall be substituted the following

section—

" In estimating the expenses of Government Departments for the purposes of

subsection (4) of section twelve of the

principal Act there shall be included—

(a) such amount as in the opinion of the

Treasury approximately represents the

amount of the accruing liability in

respect of any superannuation allowances, lump sums or gratuities which

any officers, inspectors or servants

employed for the purposes of the Acts

relating to unemployment insurance

or the legal personal representatives

of any such persons will become entitled

under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to

1919, in respect of that employment;

(b) any capital expenditure incurred for

the purposes of the Acts relating to

unemployment insurance;

(c) in respect of the use of any

premises belonging to the Crown and

used for the purposes of the Acts

relating to unemployment insurance

in respect of which no rent is payable,

an amount determined by the Treasury

with the consent of the Minister, regard

being had to the rental value of the

premises and to any capital expenditure incurred as aforesaid which has been

charged to the Unemployment Fund:

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

265

Enactments to be

amended

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924— cont.

Section 6— cont.

Schedule I,

Part I.

Amendment.

Provided that if, in any case whete the

amount of any such expenditure as is

mentioned in paragraph (b) of this

section has been charged to the Unemployment Fund, the premises in

respect of which the expenditure was

incurred are sold or have ceased to be

used for the purposes of the Acts

relating to unemployment insurance,

there shall be deducted from the

amount thereafter chargeable to the

Unemployment Fund under the said

subsection (4) such sum as may be

determined by the Treasury, with the

consent of the Minister, to represent

the whole or the appropriate proportion of the then value of the

premises."

In paragraph 4, for the words "or is

" under the provisions of the principal

" Act disqualified for receiving bene-

" fit " there shall be substituted the

words " (other than the first statutory

" condition) or is under the provisions

" of the Acts relating to unemployment

" insurance disqualified for receiving

" benefit, or to be deemed not to be

" unemployed, " and the words "under

this part of this Schedule " shall be

omitted.

For paragraph 5 there shall be substituted

the following paragraph :—

" 5. Save as otherwise provided by

regulations made in accordance with

the provisions of this paragraph a

continuous period of unemployment

shall be deemed to begin on the date

on which the insured contributor

makes application for benefit in the

prescribed manner, but regulations

may be made under section thirty-

five of the principal Act for authorising some earlier date to be substituted for the date of the application:

5th Sch.

—cont.

266

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

5th Sch. Enactments to be

— cont. amended. Amendment.

The Unemployment " Provided that, except in cases where

Insurance (No. 2) good cause is shown for delay in

Act, 1924— cont. making the application, such regula-

Schedule I, tions shall not authorise the substi-

Part I— coni. tution of an earlier date for any

purpose other than that of computing the first week of a continuous period of unemployment in

a case in which the applicant, upon

an application for benefit which

begins his benefit year, proves in the

prescribed manner that a continuous

period of unemployment was in fact

current at the date of that application."

The Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory

Pensions Act,

1925.

Section 39 - In subsection (1) after the words "who is

of the age of sixty-five or upwards ’’there

shall be inserted the words "(not being

a blind person in receipt of a pension

under the Old Age Contributory Pensions

Acts, 1908 to 1924, as extended by

section one of the Blind Persons Act,

1920)."

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1927.

Section 5 - In paragraph (a) of subsection (1), for the

word " application " there shall be substituted the words "a claim "; in subsection (2) there shall be substituted for the

words from the beginning of the subsection to the end of paragraph (i) the

following words, that is to say :—

" The following provisions shall have

effect in relation to the first statutory

condition and to the disqualifications

for the receipt of benefit respectively—

(i) in determining whether an insured contributor has proved

that the first statutory condition is fulfilled in his case, no

1934.

Enactments to be

amended.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1927— cont.

Section 6— cont.

Section 12

Section 14

Section 16

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1930.

Section 2

Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

Amendment.

account shall be taken of any

contributions paid in respect of

him for any period during which

he was not bona fide employed."

In subsection (5), for the words "an

application" there shall be substituted

the words "a claim."

For the words "if the Minister thinks fit or

any one of the parties so demands "

there shall be substituted the words "if

" the Minister or the person holding the

" inquiry, as the case may be, thinks

" fit."

In subsection (2), for the words "an

application " there shall be substituted

the words "a claim " and for the words

" the application " wherever those words

occur, there shall be substituted the

words " the claim."

In subsection (1), in the definition of

" benefit year " for the words "an application" there shall be substituted the

words " a claim."

At the end of the section there shall be

inserted the following subsection :—

" (3) Regulations may be made by the Minister under section thirty-five of the principal Act providing that

where a dependant is partly maintained by each of two or more

persons entitled to benefit, each of

whom would be entitled to an

increased rate of benefit in respect

of that dependant if he were wholly

or mainly maintaining him, then, if

the contributions made by those two

or more persons towards the maintenance of that dependant amount

in the aggregate to sums which

would, if they had been contributed

267

6th Sch.

— corU.

268

6th Sch.

— writ.

Cir. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Enactments to be

amended.

Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1930— cont.

Section 2— cont.

Section 5

Section 7

Section 13

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 3)

Act, 1931.

Section 3

Section 5

The Unemployment Insurance

(National Economy) (No. 2)

Order, 1931.

Article 4

by any one of those persons, have

been sufficient to satisfy the requirements of paragraph (/) of the last

foregoing subsection, that dependant

shall be deemed for the purpose of the enactments aforesaid to be

wholly or mainly maintained by

such of those persons as may be

prescribed by the regulations."

The words from the beginning of the section

to " officers of employment exchanges "

shall cease to have effect.

For the words "of the employments speci-

" fied in Part II of the First Schedule

" to the principal Act " there shall

be substituted the words "excepted

employment."

For the words "the United Kingdom " in

the first, third and fourth places where

they occur there shall be substituted the

words " Great Britain."

At the end of the section there shall be

inserted the words "and, if both

" those places are within the United

" Kingdom, for assisting towards their

" re-settlement."

For the definition of "prescribed " there

shall be substituted the following

definition:

" ‘ Prescribed’means prescribed by

an order made under section one of this Act."

For the words "an application for benefit "

wherever those words occur, there shall

be substituted the words "a claim for

benefit."

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

269

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Constitution and Proceedings of Unemployment

Assistance Board.

1. The Board shall be a body corporate by the Dame of the

Unemployment Assistance Board with a Common Seal and shall

consist of a chairman, a deputy chairman, and not less than one

nor more than four other members appointed by His Majesty

by warrant under the Sign Manual. At least one member of the

Board shall be a woman.

2. Every member of the Board shall hold and vacate office

in accordance with the terms of his warrant of appointment.

3. No member of the Board shall be capable of being elected

to or of sitting in the House of Commons.

4. Any person who has ceased to be a member of the Board

shall be eligible for reappointment.

5. The Board may act notwithstanding any vacancy in the

number of the Board.

6. There shall be paid to the several members of the Board

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof

such salaries as may be determined by the Treasury at the time

of their appointment respectively, so, however, that the aggregate

amount of the salaries of the members of the Board shall not

exceed the sum of twelve thousand pounds per annum.

7. The procedure and quorum of the Board shall be such

as the Board may from time to time determine.

8. The Board shall appoint a secretary and may appoint

such other officers and such servants, and there shall be paid

to them such salaries and allowances, as the Board may after

consultation with the Minister and with the consent of the

Treasury determine.

9. The functions of the Board, and of the officers and servants appointed by the Board, shall be exercised on behalf of the

Crown.

10. The Board shall have power to acquire land for the purposes of its functions under this Act, and to dispose of any

land held by it which is no longer required for those purposes.

11. Every document purporting to be an instrument issued

by the Board and lo be sealed with the seal of the Board or to be

signed by the secretary of the Board or any person authorised

to act in that behalf, shall be received in evidence and be deemed

to be such an instrument without further proof, unless the contrary

is shewn.

Sections

35 A 57.

270

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Sections SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

36, 39 & 67. _

Constitution and Proceedings of Appeal

Tribunals.

1. Every appeal tribunal shall consist of a chairman and

two other members.

2. Each of the said tribunals and the chairman thereof shall

have jurisdiction in respect of such district as may be assigned to

them by the Unemployment Assistance Board.

3. The chairman of every appeal tribunal shall be appointed

by the Minister, and of the two other members of an appeal

tribunal, one shall be selected by the Unemployment Assistance

Board from a panel of persons nominated by the Minister to

represent work-people and shall be appointed by the Board, and

the other shall be appointed by the Board to represent the

Board; and during any unavoidable absence or incapacity of the

chairman a person appointed by the Minister shall act as chairman, and in the case of any unavoidable absence or incapacity of

any other member of an appeal tribunal, another person shall be

appointed by the Board to be a member of the tribunal in his

stead; so, however, that if the member absent or incapacitated

was selected from the panel aforesaid, the person appointed in

his stead shall also be selected from that panel.

4. There shall be paid to the chairman or acting chairman

of an appeal tribunal such remuneration, and to any member

of an appeal tribunal such travelling and other allowances

(including compensation for loss of remunerative time) as the

Board may after consultation with the Minister and with the

consent of the Treasury determine.

6. The Board shall assign to every such tribunal a clerk

and such other officers and servants, and there shall be paid

to them such salaries and allowances, as the Board may

after consultation with the Minister and with the consent of the

Treasury determine.

6. Rules may be made by the Board under Part II of this Act—

(a) as to the tenure of office of members of appeal

tribunals;

(b) as to the procedure of appeal tribunals and the procedure in connection with appeals (whether to a

tribunal or to the chairman thereof) and in connection

with references to an appeal tribunal and in connection with applications for leave to appeal, and as

to the time within which such appeals, references

and applications are to be made;

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

(c) as to the procedure in connection with applications

by public assistance authorities for the reconsideration

of directions that for a period specified therein no

further applications for an allowance made by an

applicant shall be considered;

(d) as to the payment by the Board to persons attending

appeals and references of travelling and other allowances (including compensation for loss of remunerative

time);

(e) for enabling appeals, references, and applications to be

proceeded with notwithstanding that the members of the tribunal are not all present;

and in any case where an appeal, reference, or application is

proceeded with in accordance with rules made in accordance with

subparagraph (e) of this paragraph, the tribunal shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, be deemed to be properly

constituted, and the chairman or acting chairman shall have a

second or casting vote.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Modification- of Enactments relating to the

RELIEF OF THE POOR.

Part I.

Provisions applying to England.

1. A public assistance authority shall not order outdoor relief

to be given—

(a) to any person who by a decision for the time being in

force has been decided to be a person to whom Part II

of this Act applies; or

(b) to any person whose needs have been taken into account

in a determination for the time being in force under

Part II of this Act; or

(c) to any person in receipt of unemployment benefit, unless

he is a person who by a decision for the time being in

force, has been decided not to be a person to whom

Part II of this Act applies:

271

7th Sch.

— eorU.

Sections 53

67 Jfc 61.

272

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

8th Sch,

— cont.

Provided that—

(i) where a person to whom Part II of this Act applies

has been granted an allowance subject to conditions

attached under paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of

subsection (2) of section forty of this Act and

by reason of his contravention of the conditions

the allowance is not issued, the foregoing provisions

of this paragraph shall, notwithstanding the provisions of section eighteen of the Poor Law Act, 1930,

be taken as only prohibiting the giving of outdoor

relief to that person himself;

(ii) this paragraph shall not apply to the granting of relief

in respect of the medical needs of any person or affect

any powers or duties under section seventeen of the

Poor Law Act, 1930 (which relates to relief in cases

of sudden or urgent necessity).

2. The Unemployment Assistance Board and any public

assistance authority may make arrangements for the reception

into any workhouse maintained by the authority of any person

to whom an allowance may be granted subject to a condition

that he should become an inmate of a workhouse, and any such

person shall, in accordance with such arrangements, be received

into the workhouse and dealt with therein as if he had been

received therein under the enactments relating to the relief of the poor.

3. The Unemployment Assistance Board shall pay to any

public assistance authority—

(a) the cost of any outdoor relief (not being relief in respect

of medical needs) given to any person to whom Part II

of this Act applies, being relief given pending the decision

that he is such a person:

(b) the cost of any relief under section seventeen of the

Poor Law Act, 1930 (not being relief in respect of

medical needs), given to a person to whom Part II of this Act applies except relief given during any period

during which he has contravened any condition

attached to the grant of an allowance under paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section

forty of this Act:

(c) such sums, in respect of the attendance at any training

course or at any work centre or similar place maintained

by the authority of any person attending thereat in

pursuance of arrangements made under Part II of this Act, as may be provided by the arrangements:

1934. Unemployment Ch. 29.

Act, 1934.

(d) such sums, in respect of the maintenance in any work-

house maintained by the authority of any person

received into the workhouse in pursuance of arrangements under the last foregoing paragraph of this

Schedule, as may be provided by th arrangements:

Provided that the amount payable by the Board in respect

of any person under subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b) of this paragraph shall not exceed the amount of the allowances

which would have been granted to that person by the Board,

and any dispute between the Board and any authority as to

the amount of the allowances which would have been granted as

aforesaid shall be referred to the appeal tribunal, whose decision

shall be final.

Part II.

Provisions applying to Scotland.

1. Outdoor relief shall not be afforded under the poor law—

(a) to any person who by a decision for the time being

in force has been decided to be a person to whom

.Part II of this Act applies; or

(b) to any person whose needs have been taken into

account m a determination for the time being in force

under Part II of this Act; or

(c) to any person in receipt of unemployment benefit,

unless he is. a person who by a decision for the time

being in force, has been decided not to be a person

to whom Part II of this Act applies:

Provided that—

(i) where a person to whom Part II of this Act applies

has been granted an allowance subject to conditions

attached under paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of

subsection (2) of section forty of this Act and

by reason of his contravention of the conditions

the allowance is not issued, the foregoing provisions

of this paragraph shall operate to the effect only

of prohibiting the affording of outdoor relief to that

person himself;

{ii) nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit outdoor

relief being afforded otherwise than in money to any

person in a case of sudden or urgent necessity;

(iii) this paragraph shall not apply to the affording of

relief in respect of the medical needs of any person.

2. The Unemployment Assistance Board and any poor law

authority may make arrangements for the reception into any

poorhouse maintained by the authority of any person to whom

s

273

8ru Sen.

— conk.

274

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

8th Sch. an allowance may be granted subject to a condition that *he

— com. should become an inmate of a poorhouse, and any such person

shall, in accordance with such arrangements, be received injo

the poorhouse and dealt with therein as if he had been received

therein under the enactments relating to the relief of the poor.

3. The Unemployment Assistance Board shall pay to any

poor law authority— •

(a) the cost of any outdoor relief (not being relief in respect

of medical needs) afforded to any person to whom

Part II of this Act applies, being relief afforded

pending the decision that he is such a person;

(b) the cost of any outdoor relief (not being relief in respect

of medical needs) afforded otherwise than in money in a

case of sudden or urgent necessity to a person to whom

Part II of this Act applies, except relief afforded during

any period during which he has contravened any condition attaching to the grant of an allowance under

paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of

section forty of thiB Act:

(c) such sums, in respect of the attendance at any training

course or at any work centre or similar place maintained

by the authority of any person attending thereat in

pursuance of arrangements made under Part II of this Act, as may be provided by the arrangements:

(d) such sums, in respect of the maintenance in any* poorhouse maintained by the authority of any person

received into the poorhouse in pursuance of arrangements under the last foregoing paragraph of this Part

of this Schedule, as may be provided by the arrangements:

Provided that the amount payable by the Board in respect

of any person under subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b) of this

paragraph shall not exceed the amount of the allowances which

would have been granted to that person by the Board, and

any dispute between the Board and any authority as to the

amount of the allowances which would have been granted as

aforesaid shall be referred to the appeal tribunal whose decision

shall be final.

4. In this Part of this Schedule any reference to a poor law

authority shall be construed as including a reference to a combination of such authorities.

1934.

Unemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

275

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Repeals.

Part I.

Seulon and Chapter,

or Year and Number

ol Order.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 30.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920.

Section four; , the proviso to

subsection (1) of section

seven; in subsection (2) of

section eight the words from

" of six weeks " to the end

of the said subsection; the

proviso to subsection (3) of

section twelve; sections

fifteen and sixteen; in section thirty-three the words

" with the consent of the

Postmaster-General "; and

subsection (2) of section

forty one.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

o. 1.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1921.

Section five, except in subsection (1) thereof from the

words " Any sums advanced " to the end of the

subsection; and section

seven.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 15.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1921.

Sections four and ten and in

section sixteen the definition

of " the deficiency period."

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

o. 7.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1922.

Sections seven and eight;

and in subsection (1) of sec-

tion sixteen the definition of

" a dependent child " and

the definition of "a child."

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 2.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1923.

Section four, and the proviso to

subsection (2) of section six

and the First Schedule.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 30.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

Subsection (5) of section one;

and sections eleven and

fifteen; and in the Second

Schedule, the amendment to

subsection (5) of section five

of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

Sections

89 & 64.

276

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

9ts Sch.

— cont.

Session and Chapter,

or Year and Number

of Order.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

In paragraph (a) of subsection

c. 69.

Insurance Act, 1925.

(1) of section four the words

' from the beginning of the

paragraph to " the extended

period, " and all the words in

the said section four from

the beginning of paragraph

(c) of the said subsection (1)

to the end of the said

section four.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

Sections one and three;

o. 30.

Insurance Act, 1927.

paragraph (c) of subsection

(2) of section four; sections

eight and thirteen; and in

the Fourth Schedule, the

amendments to section four

of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, section five

of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921, and section

fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922.

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

Section one; paragraphs (d)

(e) and (g) of subsection (2)

of section two; in subsection

(1) of section four, the words

from " of six weeks " to the

end of the subsection; in section five the words from the

beginning of the section to

" officers of employment exchanges "; in section six the

c. 16.

Insurance Act, 1930,

words " until the expiration

of this Act "; in section

nine the word "either, " and

the words from " or because

he has failed, " to " 1927 ";

sections fourteen and fifteen;

in section seventeen the

words " until the expiration

of this Act "; section eighteen; in subsection (3) of

section twenty the words

" until the expiration of this Act, " and subsection (8) of the said section twenty; and

in the Second Schedule, the

1934.

U nemployment

Act, 1934.

Ch. 29.

277

Session And Chapter,

or Year and Number

of Order.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c. 16— cord.

The Unemployment

insurance Act, 1930

— cont.

amendments to section five

of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, sections

one and fourteen of the

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1922, section six of the

Unemployment Insurance

(No. 2) Act, 1924, and sections five and eight of the

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1931.

Sections one and three.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Sections one and throe.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

c. 36.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 3)

Act, 1931.

In section one, in subsection

(I) the words "after con-

" sultation with the Advi-

" sory Committee constitu-

" ted for the purposes of

" this section ", the proviso

to subsection (2), and subsection (6); Bection two;

and in section five the definition of "regulations, " and

subsection (3).

Statutory Rules

and Orders,

1931, No. 814.

The Unemployment

(National Economy)

(No. 1) Order, 1931.

In Article one the words

" until the expiration of the

extended period" and Article

two and the Second Schedule.

Statutory Rules

and Orders,

1931, No. 853.

The Unemployment

Insurance (National

Economy) (No. 2)

Order, 1931.

Subparagraph (b) of paragraph (1) of Article one and

paragraph (4) of Article

eight.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.

c. 26.

The Unemployment

Insurance (Expiring

Enactments) Act,

1933.

The whole Act.

9th Sch.

— com.

278

Ch. 29.

Unemployment 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

9th Sen.

■— cont.

Part II.

8es«ion and Chapter,

or Year and Number

of Order.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

c. 30.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1927.

Subsection (3) of section five;

section fourteen; and in

subsection (1) of section

sixteen the definitions of

" benefit year " and " benefit quarter."

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

The Unemployment

Insurance (Transitional Provisions

Amendment) Act,

1929.

The whole Act.

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c. 16.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1930.

Section sixteen.

21 & 22 Geo. 6.

c. 8.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1931.

Section two.

21 <fe 22 Geo. 6.

c. 25.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1931.

Section two.

Statutory

Rules and

Orders, 1931,

No. 853.

The Unemployment

Insurance (National Economy)

(No. 2) Order, 1931.

The whole Order, except sub-

paragraph (b) of paragraph

1 of Article one and paragraph (4) of Article eight.

22 & 23 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

The Transitional

Payments Prolongation (Unemployed

Persons) Act, 1932.

The whole Act.

22 & 23 Geo. 5.

c. 54.

The Transitional

Payments (Determination of Need)

Act, 1932.

The whole Act, so far as it

relates to transitional payments.

1934. Cotton Manufacturing Ch. 30.

Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934.

279

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to make temporary provision for enabling

statutory effect to be given to rates of wages

agreed between representative organisations in

the cotton manufacturing industry; and for

purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[28th June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If an organisation of employers in the

cotton manufacturing industry (hereinafter referred to as

" the Industry ") and an organisation of persons employed

in the industry make to the Minister of Labour (hereinafter referred to as "the Minister") in the prescribed

manner a joint application for the making of an order with

respect to any agreement made between the organisations

as to the rates of wages to be paid to persons employed

in the industry of any class or description specified in

the agreement, the Minister shall, unless he is satisfied

that the organisations do not respectively represent the

employers controlling the majority of the looms in the

industry and the majority of the persons employed hi

the industry of the grade or grades which will, if such

•an order is made, be affected by the rates of wages

provided for by the agreement, appoint a board to

consider the application and report to him thereon.

(2) Any organisations making an application under

this section shall, in the prescribed manner, give notice

of the application, of the places where copies of the

agreement with respect to which the application is made

May be obtained free of charge, and of the time within

which written objections to the application or to the

making of an order thereon must be sent to the Minister.

(3) The board appointed to consider any application

made under this section shall inquire whether the organisations which are parties to the agreement in respect ol

which the application was made were at the date of the

Applications

for orders

and proceedings

thereon.

280 Ch. 30. Cotton Manufacturing 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934.

making of the application representative respectively of the employers controlling the majority of the looms in the

industry and the majority of the persons employed in*the

industry of the grade or grades which will, if an order is

made, be affected by the rates of wages provided for

by the agreement, and, if the board is of opinion that

either organisation was not so representative, the board

shall forthwith report that opinion to the Minister and

no further proceedings shall be taken with respect to the

application. *

(4) If the board is satisfied that the said organisations were so representative as aforesaid, the board •

shall inquire whether it is expedient that an order be

made under this Act, and shall, as soon as possible,

make to the Minister its report which, however, shall not ,

contain a recommendation that such an order be made

unless the board is unanimous in making that recommendation.

Making of 2.—(1) If the report of the board appointed to

orders. consider any application made under the last foregoing

section with respect to any agreement contains a unanimous recommendation that an order be made bringing

into force, as respects all persons employed in the industry

of the class or description to which the agreement relates,

the rates of wages provided for by the agreement, the Minister may make such an order.

(2) An order made under this section shall set

out the rates of wages thereby brought into force,

and any provisions of the agreement as to the con- #

ditions for earning or the method of calculating such

wages, and the order may contain such further provisions, if any, as the Minister considers necessary for

making plain who are the employers and the employed

persons affected by the rates of wages brought into force

by the order, but, save as aforesaid, no such order shall

modify the terms of the agreement.

ESect of 3. Where an order made under the last foregoing

orders. section is in operation—

(a) it shall be a term of the contract between every

person employed in the industry as respects

whom a rate of wages is provided for by fjie

order and his employer that the employer shall

1934. Cotton Manufacturing Ch. 30 4 281

• Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934.

pay to the person employed wages at a rate

not less than the rate applicable in his case

under the order;

(6) if any employer pays to a person employed in

the industry, as respects whom a rate of wages

is provided for by the order, wages at a rate

less than the rate applicable in his case under

the order, the employer shall (without prejudice

to any proceedings under the last foregoing

paragraph) be liable on summary conviction to

a fine not exceeding ten pounds;

(c) it shall be the duty of every employer who

employs persons in the industry, as respects

whom rates of wages are provided for by the

order, to keep a copy of the order conspicuously

exhibited in the premises where such persons

are employed and to keep such records as

are necessary to show that the wages paid to

those persons are at rates not less than those

applicable to them under the order; and if any

such employer fails to comply with any requirement of this paragraph, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

five pounds.

4.—(1) Where an order made under section two Revocation

of this Act is in operation, if either of the organisations, of orders,

by which the joint application for the making of the

order was made, make to the Minister a request in writing

that the order be revoked either wholly or in respect of

any provision specified in the request, the Minister shall

forthwith cause to be published in the London Gazette

notice of the request and of the fact that the order will

be revoked either wholly or in respect of the provision

specified in the request at the expiration of a period of

three months from the date of the publication, and shall

make an order revoking the former order either wholly

or to the extent so specified as aforesaid as from the

expiration of that period:

Provided that, if before the expiration of that

period the request is, by notice in writing addressed to

the Minister, withdrawn by the organisation by which it

was made, the Minister shall not make such an order as

aforesaid but shall forthwith cause to be published in the

London Gazette notice of the withdrawal of the request

282 £h. 30. Cotton Manufacturing 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934-

and of the fact that no further proceedings will be taken

thereon.

(2) Where an order made under section two of this Act is in operation, the Minister may, after giving in such

manner as he thinks best calculated to inform persons

likely to be affected notice of his intention to do so and

of the time within which written objections to the

revocation of the order must be sent to the Minister,

appoint a board to consider whether it is expedient that

the order be revoked, and if the report of the board

contains a unanimous recommendation that the order

be revoked, the Mini ster may make an order revoking the

former order:

Provided that a board shall not be appointed under

this subsection to consider the revocation of any order

unless the order has been in operation for at least twelve

months since the revocation thereof was considered by

a previous board so appointed, or, where no such board

has been appointed, since the order came into operation.

(3) If the Minister considers that by reason of imminent national danger or great emergency it is necessary

so to do, he may, without any such proceedings as

• aforesaid, by order revoke any order made under section

two of this Act which is for the time being in operation.

Constitu- 5.—(1) A board appointed under this Act shall

tion of, and consist of a chairman and two other members and no

proceedings p erson who j Sj in the opinion of the Minister, connected

to boards w ^h Ike industry shall be a member of any such board.

(2) When any such board has been appointed, the Minister shall, in such manner as he thinks best calculated

to inform persons likely to be affected, give notice of the

appointment of the board, of the names of the members,

and of the date on which and place at which the board

will meet.

(3) Where a board has been appointed to consider

a joint application for the making of an order under section

two of this Act, or to consider the revocation of an order

made on such an application, each organisation which

was a party to the application shall be entitled to

appoint six of its members to sit with the board as

assessors.

(4) In making inquiry into any matter referred to

it, the board shall consider such written objections, if

1934. Cotton Manufacturing Ch. 30.

Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934.

283

any, with regard to that matter, as have been duly sent

to the Minister, aild, without prejudice to the power of the board to regulate its procedure, may, if it thinks fit,

hear oral evidence given by or on behalf of any person

by whom such an objection has been so sent.

(5) A copy of the report of any board appointed

to consider a joint application for the making of an

order under section two of^ this Act, or to consider the

revocation of an order made on such an application, shall

be transmitted by the Minister to the organisations by

which the application was made.

6. — (1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided Administra-

by Parliament such fees to members of any board fc j ve provi-

appointed under this Act and such expenses in connection 810ns -

with the proceedings of any such board as may be

determined by the Mi ni ster with the consent of the

Treasury.

(2) The Minister may with the consent of the

Treasury assign to any such board such officers of the Ministry of Labour as he considers necessary.

(3) When any order is made under this Act, notice

of the making thereof and of the places where copies of the order may be obtained shall be published in the

London Gazette.

(4) Regulations may be made by the Minister for

giving effect to the provisions of this Act.

7. — (1) In this Act, the expression "cotton manu- Interpreta-

facturing industry" means the manufacture in the tion.

areas specified in the Schedule to this Act of woven

fabrics from the following yarns (either with or without

an admixture *>f not more than five per cent, of other

fibres) namely, cotton yam, rayon yam or mixed cotton

and rayon yarn, including the preparation of warp and

weft for the loom, the examination and bundling of such

fabrics as aforesaid, and operations incidental to the said

manufacture, preparation, examination or bundling; and

the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

regulations made under ihis Act.

(2) In determining for the purposes of this Act

whether an organisation was at any date representative,

of the employers controlling the majority of the looms in

the industry, no account shall be taken of the looms in

284

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 63«

Short title

and duration of

as. 1 and 2.

Section 7.

Ch. 30. Cotton Manufacturing 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934.

any factory in which during the period of twelve months

immediately preceding that date n6 looms had been

used; and in determining for the said purposes whether

an organisation was at any date representative of the

majority of the persofls employed in the industry of any

grade or grades, all. weavers employed in the industry

shall be deemed to form a single grade, and other grades

shall be determined in like manner by reference to the

several occupations of the persons employed.

(3) The provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889,

shall apply to the revocation of any order made

under this Act in like manner as those provisions apply

to the repeal of enactments passed after the commencement of that Act. •

8.—(1) This Aat may be cited as the Cotton

Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act,

1934.

(2) Sections one and two of this Act shall continue

in force until the thirty-first day of December nineteen

hundred and thirty seven and no longer:

Provided that any order made under the said section

two shall, notwithstanding the expiry of that section,

continue in operation until revoked in accordance with

the provisions of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Areas in which Cotton Manufacturing Industry is

CARRIED ON. *

The Administrative County of Lancaster. *

The County Borough of Barrow-in-Furness.

The County Borough of Blackburn.

The County Borough of Blackpool.

The County Borough of Bolton.

The County Borough of Bootle.

The County Borough of Burnley.

The County Borough of Bury.

The County Borough of Liverpool.

The County Borough of Manchester.

1934. Cotton Manufacturing Ch. 30. 285

Industry (Temporary Provision’s) Act, 1934.

The County Borough of Oldham.

The County Borough of Preston.

The County Borough of Rochdale.

The County Borough. of*3t. Helen’s.

The County Borough of Salford.

The County Borough of Southport.

The County Borough of Stockport.

The County Borough of Warrington.

The County Borough of Wigan.

In the West Riding of the County of York—

The Borough of Todmorden.

The Urban District of Barnoldswick.

The Urban District of Earby.

The Urban District of Hebden Bridge.

The Urban District of Luddendenfoot.

The Urban District of Mytholmroyd.

The Urban District of Sadflleworth.

The Urban District of Silsden.

The Urban District of Skipton.

The Rural District of Bowland.

The Rural District of Settle.

The Rural District of Skipton.

The Rural District of Todmorden.

In the County of Derby— #

The Borough of Glossop.

The Urban District of New Mills.

The Parishes of Charlesworth, Chisworth, and Ludworth

in the Rural District of Chapel-en-le-Frith.

In the County of Chester—

The Borough of Dukinfield.

The Borough of Hyde.

The Borough of Stalybridge.

The Urban District of Compstall.

The Urban District of Hollingworth.

The Urban District />f Marple.

The Urban District of Mottram-in-Longendale.

The Urban District of Yeardsley-eum-Whaley.

The Rural District df Tintwistle. *

The Parish of Styal in the Rural District of Bucklow.

286

Power of

Treasury in

certain

circumstances to

set up

Clearing

Offices.

Ch. 31. Debts Clearing Offices 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Import Restriction Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to authorise the settyig up of Clearing

Offices for collecting and dealing with certain

debts; to authorise the imposition of restrictions on imports from certain foreign countries,

and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid.

[28th June 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If it appears to the Treasury that in the

case of any foreign country payments or transfers to

persons ordinarily resident or ordinarily carrying on

business in the United Kingdom are subjected to

restrictions, or are prohibited or have been discontinued,

the Treasury, may by order set up an office (in this Act referred to as the " Clearing Office ") having such

functions as are hereafter in this section mentioned

with respect to the collection of debts to which the order

applies and the application of* the proceeds of such

collection.

(2) An order made under this section with respect

to any foreign country may be made so as to apply to

all debts due, or to become due, in respect of goods, or any

class or description of goods, grown, produced or manufactured in, or consigned from, that- foreign country and

imported into the United Kingdom, or due or to become

due to, or for the benefit of, persons ordinarily resident or

ordinarily carrying on business in that foreign country,

or to any such debts as aforesaid.

(3) While an order made under this section is in

force with respect to any foreign country, every person

from whom any debt to which the order applies is or becomes due shall, subject to such exceptions and conditions,

and at such time and in. such manner, as may be

’ specified in the order, pay that debt, or such part

thereof as may be so specified, to the Clearing Office

and not otherwise, and* the debt, or the specified part

1934. Debts Clearing Offices Ch. 31. 287

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

thereof, shall be recoverable by the Clearing Office

accordingly, and their receipt for any sum paid to them

under this section in respect of a debt shall, so far

as regards the amount so paid, be a good discharge to

the person from whom the debt was due.

(4) For the purpose of facilitating the collection by

the Clearing Office of debts to which an order made under

this section applies, being debts due or to become due in

respect of goods imported into the United Kingdom, the

order may require that, subject to any exceptions for

which the order may provide, a person importing into the

United Kingdom goods grown, produced or manufactured

in, or consigned from, the country to which the order

relates shall, on importation either—

(a) produce to the Commissioners a certificate from

the Clearing Office that the debt due or % to

become due in respect of those goods, or the

specified part of that debt, has been paid to the

Clearing Office, or that security of a nature and

in a form satisfactory to the Clearing Office

has been given to that office, or that the

Clearing Office claim no payment in respect of the goods; or

(b) pay to the Commissioners for the credit of the

Clearing Office a sum equal to the value of the

goods, or to such proportion of their value as

may be specified in the order;

but, where any payment made under this subsection in

respect of goods exceeds the debt due or to become due

in respect of those goods, the excess shall be repaid by

the Clearing Office.

The provisions of the Customs Consolidation Act, 39 & 40 Vict.

1876, and any Act amending or extending that Act, shall c - 36.

apply in relation to any such goods as aforesaid, and to

any payment to be made to the Commissioners under this

subsection in respect thereof, as if that payment were a

payment in respect of a duty of customs with which the

goods were chargeable, and for the purposes of this

subsection, the value of any imported goods shall be

ascertained in the manner in which the value of imported goods is by law required to be ascertained for the

purposes of any enactment whereunder a duty of

customs is chargeable on goods by reference to their

value.

288 Ch. 31. Debts Clearing Offices 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

(5) A person importing goods into the United

Kingdom who has paid to the Clearing Office any sum

in respect of those goods, shall have the like rights

against any person by whom documents of title relating

to those goods are held as if he had made the like

payment to that person.

(6) The Clearing Office shall, after making any

necessary adjustments in respect of overpayments made

to them, apply any sums received by them by virtue of this section and of any order made thereunder

(i) in discharging, either directly or through agents

appointed by them, and at such time, in such

manner and in such order of priority, but

subject to such provisions with respect to a

reserve fund, as may be specified in an order

under this section,

(a) debts due from persons in the foreign

country to which the order relates to persons

ordinarily resident or ordinarily carrying on

business in the United Kingdom, or to British

subjects wherever resident, or to corporations

incorporated by or under the laws of the

United Kingdom, or of a country forming

part of the British Empire as defined in the

Import Duties Act, 1932, or to persons who

are afforded His Majesty’s protection and

ordinarily reside, or ordinarily carry on

business, in such a country; and

(b) debts due to any person in respect of

such securities as may be specified in the

order and which were on a date to be so

specified in the beneficial ownership of any

such person or corporation as aforesaid; or

(ii) in such manner as may be provided for in any

agreement entered into between His Majesty’s

Government in the United Kingdom and the

government of any foreign country to which the

order relates.

(7) Anything required or authorised by or under

this Act to be done by or to the Clearing Office may

be done by or to any person authorised in that behalf

♦by or under an order made under this section.

22 &23

Geo. 5. c. 8.

1934.

Debts Clearing Offices

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

Ch. 31.

289

2. — (1) If it appears to the Board of Trade that in p ower of

any foreign country quantitative restrictions are imposed Board of

on the importation into that foreign country of goods of Trade in

any class or description grown, produced or manufactured certain

in or consigned from a country to which this section

applies, and those restrictions are, in the opinion of the restrict

Board, discriminatory against or specially detrimental to imports

a country to which this section applies, the Board may from a

make an order prohibiting or restricting for any such foreign

period as may be specified in the order the importation COUIltry ‘

into the United Kingdom of goods of any such class or

description as may be so specified, being goods grown,

produced or manufactured in or consigned from that

foreign country.

(2) The countries to which this section applies are

the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, Newfoundland,

the Colonies, the British Protectorates and Protected

States, and any territory in respect of which a mandate

on behalf of the League of Nations has been accepted

by His Majesty and is being exercised by His Majesty’s

Government in the United Kingdom.

(3) Goods to which an order made under this section

applies shall, if imported without such licence as may

be required by the order or otherwise in contravention

of the terms of the order, be deemed to be goods, the

importation of which is prohibited by section forty-two

of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the

provisions of that Act and of any Act amending or

extending it shall apply accordingly.

(4) Anything authorised under this Act to be done

by the Board of Trade may be done by th.e President of the Board, or in his absence by a Secretary of State.

3. —(1) An order made under either of the foregoing Contents of

sections may contain such provisions as appear to the Orders.

Treasury or, as the case may be, to the. Board of Trade,

to be necessary or expedient for securing the due

operation and enforcement of this Act and of the Order

and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality

of the foregoing words, may contain provisions with

respect to any of the matters or for any of the purposes

specified in the Schedule to this Act.

(2) Any such order may at any time be varied or

revoked by a subsequent order made under the same

section.

T

290

Orders to

be laid

before Parliament.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 66.

Expenses.

Interpretation.

Ch. 31. Debts Cleariryg Offices 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

4. —(1) Every order made under this Act shall he

laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be

after it is made and shall cease to have effect on the

expiration of a period of twenty-eight days from the date

on which it was made unless, at some time before the

expiration of that period, it has been approved by a

resolution passed by each House of Parliament, but

•without prejudice to anything previously done under the

order or to the making of a new order.

In reckoning any such period of twenty-eight

days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time

during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or

during which both Houses of Parliament are adjourned

for more than four days.

(2) A rule or regulation contained in an order

made under this Act by the Treasury shall not be deemed

to be a statutory rule within the meaning of section one

of the Rules Publication Act, 1893.

5. —(1) Any expenses incurred by the Treasury or

the Board of Trade in carrying this Act into execution

and the expenses of any Clearing Office set up under this Act, to such an amount as may be approved by the

Treasury, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by

Parliament.

(2) There may be charged by the Board of Trade in

respect of an import licence issued under an order made

under this Act such reasonable fee, not exceeding five

pounds, as the Board think fit, and by the Clearing

Office in respect of moneys distributed by them in accordance with the provisions of any such order such reasonable

commission, not exceeding two per cent, of any sum so

distributed, as the Treasury t hink fit.

(3) Any receipts arising under this section shall be

paid into the Exchequer.

6. —(1) This Act applies to debts due from the

government of, or any public authority in, a country as

it applies to debts due from persons in that country.

(2) In this Act the expression "person " includes,

as respects any country, a body corporate.

(3) For the purposes of this Act references to

goods produced in the United Kingdom or goods produced

in any other country shall be deemed to include fish of

291

1934. Debts Clearing Offices Cjh. 31.

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

British taking, or fish of that country’s taking, as the

case may be.

(4) In this Act the expression "the Commissioners"

means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, and

this Act shall be taken to be an Act relating to customs

within the meaning of the Customs Consolidation Act,

1876.

7. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Debts Clearing

Offices and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall continue in force until the

thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and thirty-six,

and no longer:

Provided that the expiry of this Act shall not affect

the previous operation thereof or of any order made

thereunder, or any obligation or liability previously

incurred under this Act or any such order, or the

taking of any steps, or the institution or carrying on of

any proceedings, to enforce any such obligation or

liability.

SCHEDULE.

Particular Provisions which may be included

in an Order made under this Act.

Provisions—

(i) with respect to the circumstances in which goods

partly manufactured in any country are to be taken

to be manufactured therein;

(ii) with respect to the evidence to be required and the

presumption, in the absence of such evidence, as to

the country in which goods were grown, produced or

manufactured, or from which they were consigned;

(iii) with respect to the mode of determining any dispute

as to whether goods are goods to which an order

applies, or as to the value of any such goods;

(iv) for exempting, either absolutely or conditionally, from

the operation of the order goods imported for reexportation after transit through the United Kingdom,

or by way of trans-shipment, or after undergoing in

the United Kingdom any process which will not change

the form or character of the goods;

Short title

and duration.

Section 3.

292

Ch. 31, 32.

Alteration

of customs

duties on

colonial

Debts Clearing Offices 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934.

(v) for providing for the punishment of any breach of the order, or any failure to comply with the section

under which it is made; so however that such

punishment shall not in the case of a summary

conviction exceed a fine of one hundred pounds

or imprisonment for three months or both Such

fine and imprisonment, or for a second or any

subsequent conviction a fine of five hundred pounds

or imprisonment for six months or both Such fine

and imprisonment;

(vi) for adapting or modifying provisions of any enactment relating to customs, and in force at the passing

of this Act, for the purposes of the application thereof

by this Act or by the order.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and

Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter

other duties, and to amend the law relating to

Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise)

and the National Debt, and to make further

provision in connection with Finance.

[12th July 1934.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray

Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition

to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved

to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1.—(1) Subject as hereafter provided, the provisions

of section eight of the Finance Act, 1925, and of section

four of and the Second Schedule to the Finance Act,

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

293

1928, shall apply to sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin

consigned from and grown, produced or manufactured

in a colony or other country to which section two of the

Finance Act, 1932, applies as they apply to other sugar,

molasses, glucose and saccharin being Empire products:

Provided that—

(a) the customs duties in respect of sugar shown

to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to

have been consigned and grown, produced

or manufactured as aforesaid, being sugar

accompanied by a quota certificate, shall be

at the rates specified in Part I of the First

Schedule to this Act instead of at the rates

which would otherwise have been chargeable;

and

(b) in the case of sugar and molasses produced

in the United Kingdom from sugar on which

there has been paid a customs duty at a rate

so specified, Part II of the Second Schedule

to the Finance Act, 1928, shall have effect

as if for the tables set out therein there were

substituted the tables set out in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) In this section the expression "quota certificate "

in relation to sugar, means a certificate issued by the

Secretary of State certifying that the sugar forms part

of the quantity of sugar which may be imported from

the colonies and other countries aforesaid at the rates

specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, but

the quantity of sugar in respect of which such certificates

are issued shall not in the financial year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-

five, exceed three hundred and seventy-five thousand

tons, and shall not in any subsequent financial year

exceed three hundred and sixty thousand tons.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the eighteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four.

2. — (1) Where any dutiable hydrocarbon oils on

which customs duty ha3 not been paid are used in a

refinery, the same customs duty shall be charged and

the same rebate shall be allowed in respect thereof as

would be chargeable or allowable on the importation

Part I.

— cont.

sugar,

molasses,

&o.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 36.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 17.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 25.

Customs

duties on

hydro,

carbon oils

in refineries.

294

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part T.

— cont.

of the like oils, except in respect of such quantity thereof

as is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to

have been used for the purpose of generating heat, light

or power for consumption in the refinery:

Provided that for the purpose of this subsection—

(a) oils shall not be deemed to have been used

by reason only that they have been subjected

to a process of purification or blending;

and

(b) where oils are subjected to any process resulting

in the conversion thereof into other oils or

solid or semi-solid residues, such quantity

thereof as is shown to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners to have been so converted,

or to have been wasted in the course of the

process, shall not be deemed to have been

used by reason only of its subjection to that

process.

(2) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall

affect the provisions of subsection (5) of section two

of the Finance Act, 1928, as to the charge of duty or

allowance of rebate on oils delivered from a refinery,

but where it appears to the Commissioners that a refinery

is not used primarily for the purpose of subjecting

hydrocarbon oils to any such process as aforesaid, the

Commissioners may, notwithstanding anything in the

said subsection (5), require that customs duty shall be

charged on the removal of such oils to that refinery

instead of on their delivery therefrom and that any

rebate allowable shall be allowed accordingly:

Provided that, where rebate has been allowed under

this subsection on the removal of oils to a refinery and

those oils are converted in the refinery into fight oils,

an amount equal to the rebate allowed on so much of

those oils as appears to the Commissioners to have been

so converted shall be paid on the delivery of the fight oils

from the refinery.

(3) Paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section three

of the Finance Act, 1928 (which enables the Commissioners

to make regulations regulating the manufacture and

storage of hydrocarbon oils in a refinery) shall be amended

by inserting the word "use " after the word "manufacture."

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

295

(4) In this subsection the expression "refinery " Part I.

has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (10) of — cont -

section two of the Finance Act, 1928.

(5) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the first day of May, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four.

3-—(1) Where any hydrocarbon oils having a tempe- Measure,

rature exceeding sixty degrees Fahrenheit are measured ment of

for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of customs

duty chargeable or of the rebate or drawback allowable J^ r0 _

thereon, and the Commissioners are satisfied that the oils carbon oils

are artificially heated, duty shall be charged or rebate for purpose

or drawback shall be allowed, as the case may be, on of customs

the number of gallons which, in the opinion of the dut y> &c *

Commissioners, the oils would have measured if the

temperature thereof had been sixty degrees Fahrenheit:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

light oils.

(2) The foregoing provision of this section shall be

deemed to have had effect as from the first day of May,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four.

(3) Subsection (4) of section six of the Finance Act, 23 & 24

1933 (which provides for the charging of duty on hydro- Geo - 5 - c - 19-

carbon oils by reference to tons or some other measure

of quantity instead of by reference to gallons) shall cease

to have effect.

4. —(1) The customs duty chargeable on arc-lamp Increase of

carbons under Part I of the Safeguarding of Industries customs

Act, 1921, shall, instead of being at the rate of one dut y on

shilling per pound weight, be at the rate of five shillings carbons P

per pound weight in the case of carbons exceeding u & 12 '

fourteen millimetres in diameter and seven shillings and Geo. 5. c. 47 .

sixpence per pound weight in the case of other carbons.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the eighteenth day of April, nineteen hundred

and thirty-four.

5. The customs duty chargeable on insulin and its Repeal of

salts under Part I of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, customs

1921, shall cease to be charged, and the Import Duties duty on

Act, 1932, shall have effect as if insulin and its salts

were included in the First Schedule to that Act. Q eo 5, c> g ,

296

Part I.

— cont.

Customs

duty on

patent

leather.

22 &23

Geo. 5. c. 53.

Amendments as to

drawback

of duties

under 22 &

23 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

Ch. 32. Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

6. —(1) There shall be charged on the importation

into the United Kingdom of patent leather not forming

part of another article, and of goods composed wholly of

patent leather, a duty of customs equal to fifteen per

cent, of the value of the goods:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any

goods which fall within some class or description of

goods on which an additional duty is for the time being

chargeable under section three of the Import Duties Act,

1932, if the aggregate amount of the additional duty and

the general ad valorem duty exceeds fifteen per cent, of the value of the goods.

(2) The Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932, shall have

effect as if the duty chargeable under this section were

chargeable under section one of that Act:

Provided that subsection (2) of the said section one

shall not apply in relation to the said duty, but the

foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed not

to be in force at any time when the agreement between

His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and His

Majesty’s Government in Canada, set out in Part I of the

First Schedule to the said Act, is hot in force within the

meaning of that Act.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the eighteenth day of April, nineteen hundred

and thirty-four.

7. —(1) Paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section nine

of the Finance Act, 1932 (which provides that a scheme

under that section may provide for the allowance of

drawback in respect of such quantity of material as

is specified in the scheme as being the average quantity

thereof used in the manufacture of goods in the case of

which drawback is to be allowed) shall have effect as if

the words "in the manufacture of goods of that class or

description " were omitted therefrom, and as if there were

added at the end of the paragraph the words "in the

manufacture either of all goods of that class or description,

or of such goods of that class or description as are

manufactured for export."

(2) The Treasury may, on the recommendation of the Committee, by order made under the said section

nine revoke any scheme for the time being in force under

that section.

1934. Finance Act, 1934. Ch. 32.

(3) For the purpose of paragraph 3 of the Second

Schedule to the Import Duties Act, 1932 (which provides

for the allowance of drawback on the exportation or

shipment as stores of goods which are in the same state

as that in which they were imported) and for the

purpose of any order made (whether before or after

the passing of this Act) under that Schedule, goods

shall not be deemed to be in a different state from that

in which they were imported by reason only that they

have been subjected to a process which has not changed

the form or character of the goods.

(4) Proviso (a) to subsection (5) of section nineteen

of the Import Duties Act, 1932, shall cease to have effect,

but nothing in that subsection shall authorise the

Treasury to revoke or vary any order made under

subsection (3) of section one of that Act otherwise than

for the purpose of giving effect to a recommendation of the Committee.

8-—(1) Where any consignment of machinery of a

class or description to which section ten of the Finance

Act, 1932, applies is imported after the commencement

of this Act and, before the importation, an application

has been made to the Committee for a recommendation

under that section with respect to that consignment,

the power of the Committee to make the recommendation, and of the Treasury to issue a licence in accordance

therewith, shall be exercisable notwithstanding that duty

has been paid in respect of the consignment before the

recommendation is made or the licence is issued.

(2) Subject to such conditions as the Commissioners

may impose for the protection of the revenue, any duty

paid under the Import Duties Act, 1932, on the importation of any such consignment of machinery shall be

repaid, if the Commissioners are satisfied that a licence

in respect of the consignment has subsequently been

issued under the said section ten by virtue of this

section.

9.—(1) Where, on the importation of goods of any

class or description specified in the Second Schedule to

this Act, the Commissioners are satisfied that the goods

are being imported for use in the construction or repair

of the boilers or propelling machinery of ships or of the

accessories of such boilers and machinery, the Commissioners shall, subject to such conditions as they may

297

Part I.

— cant.

Amendment

as to relief

of certain

machinery

from duties

under

22 &23

Geo. 5. c. 8.

Exemption

of certain

goods used

in shipbuilding

from duties

under 22 &

23 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

298

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

Provisions

as to goods

becoming,

or ceasing to

be, exempt

from general

ad valorem

duty *

impose for securing that the goods are so used, allow

them to be imported free of any duty chargeable under

Part I of the Import Duties Act, 1932.

(2) The Treasury may, on the recommendation of the Committee and after consultation with the Board

of Trade, at any time by order direct that, as from such

date as may be specified in the order, goods of any class

or description so specified shall be added to or cease to

be included in the said Schedule, and may by order

make such amendments in the said Schedule as are

consequential on any such direction as aforesaid.

(3) Section nineteen of the Import Duties Act, 1932,

shall apply to any order made under the last foregoing

subsection as if it were an order made by the Treasury

under the said Act.

10. — (1) When any goods, being goods chargeable

with the general ad. valorem duty and an additional

duty, cease to be chargeable with the general ad valorem

duty, or ceased before the commencement of this Act to

be so chargeable, the order directing the additional duty

to be charged shall cease to have effect, or be deemed to

have ceased to have effect, as the case may be, as respects

those goods:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect

the provisions of proviso (b)to subsection (4) of section

one of the Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932.

(2) Where the Committee recommend under section

seven of the Finance Act, 1932, that goods of any class

or description ought no longer to be exempted from the

general ad valorem duty, they may at the same time,

notwithstanding that the goods are not chargeable with

the general ad valorem duty, recommend, subject to and in

accordance with section three of the Import Duties Act,

1932, that an additional duty ought to be charged on the

goods as soon as they cease to be so exempt, and the

Treasury may make an order under the said section three

accordingly.

(3) The power conferred on the Treasury by subsection (3) of section one of the Import Duties Act, 1932,

and by section seven of the Finance Act, 1932, to make

orders directing that goods shall be added to, or shall

cease to be included in, the First Schedule to the Import

Duties Act, 1932, shall include power to make such

amendments in the said Schedule as are consequential

on any such direction as aforesaid.

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

299

11. —(1) Subsection (7) of section two of the Import

Duties Act, 1932 (which gives the Committee certain

powers of obtaining information) shall have effect as

if the reference to the functions of the Committee

included a reference to any functions which the Committee are required or authorised to discharge by any

enactment for the time being in force, except section

ten of the Finance Act, 1932.

(2) Section ten of the Import Duties Act, 1932

(which restricts the disclosure of information), shall have

effect as if references therein to the purposes of the

said Act included references to the purposes of such of the provisions of any enactment for the time being in

force as authorise or require the Committee, or any

Government department on the recommendation or advice

of the Committee, to discharge any functions.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the said section

ten, it shall be lawful for the Committee to disclose to

any Government department or to any person authorised

by a Government department any information obtained

by the Committee if and in so far as it appears to the

Committee to be necessary for the purpose of obtaining

further information from that department on a matter

which the Committee are required or authorised to

consider by any enactment for the time being in force.

12. —(1) It shall not be lawful for any person to

use otherwise than for a medical or scientific purpose—

(a) a mixture on the importation of which, by virtue

of subsection (1) of section four of the Finance

Act, 1918, any duty in respect of spirits contained

therein has been charged subject to a reduction;

or

(b) an article manufactured or prepared from spirits

in respect of which a repayment of duty has

been obtained, by virtue of subsection (2) of the

said section four, on the ground that the article

was recognised by the Commissioners as being

used for medical purposes, or an article in respect

of which he has paid or agreed to pay a price

fixed on the assumption that such a repayment

will be obtained on the ground aforesaid;

unless he has obtained the consent of the Commissioners

in writing to the use thereof otherwise than as aforesaid

and has paid to them an amount equal to the difference

Part I.

— cont.

Power of

Committee

to obtain

information

and die-

closure of

information.

Restriction

of use

of certain

goods

relieved

from spirit

duty.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 15.

300

Part I.

— cont.

7 & 8 Geo. 4.

c. 53.

Power to

warehouse

British

compounds

in bottles.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 24.

Relief in

case of

excessive

assessment

for purpose

Ch. 32. Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

between the duty charged and the duty which apart

from the said section four would have been chargeable,

or to the amount of duty repaid or repayable, as the

case may be.

(2) If any person uses a mixture or article in contravention of the last foregoing subsection, he shall be

liable to an excise penalty equal to treble the value of the mixture or article used, and section sixty-nine of the

Excise Management Act, 1827, shall apply accordingly,

and any article in his possession in the preparation or

manufacture of which the mixture or article has been

used shall be forfeited.

(3) The regulations made under the said section four

may include regulations for carrying into effect the

provisions of this section, and in particular for empowering the Commissioners to require any person

carrying on any trade in which spirits, or mixtures or

articles containing or prepared or manufactured with

spirits, are in their opinion likely to be or to have been

used, to give and verify particulars of the materials

which he is using or has used and of any such mixtures

•or articles which he has sold, and to produce any books

of account or other documents of whatever nature

relating to any such materials, mixtures or articles.

(4) In this section the expression "mixture "

includes a preparation and a compound, and references

to a mixture or article include references to any part

of that mixture or article.

13. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (5) of

section ninety-five of the Spirits Act, 1880, any British

compounds which may under that section be warehoused

for home consumption may, subject to such regulations

as the Commissioners may prescribe, be warehoused,

whether for home consumption or for exportation or for

ship’s stores, in bottles instead of in casks, and the said

regulations may apply the provisions of that section

which relate to warehousing in casks subject to such

modifications as the Commissioners t hink necessary to

adapt them to warehousing in bottles.

14. —(1) The Commissioners may, on an application

made for the purpose, reduce an assessment of the annual

value of any premises made in respect of the year in

which the application is made or the last preceding year

or both those years under paragraph (6) of subsection (1)

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

301

of section twelve of the Finance Act, 1924, or under

subsection (2) of that section, notwithstanding that the

time for appealing against the assessment has expired, if

they are satisfied that the assessment was excessive

having regard to circumstances which were not brought

to their notice at the time when it was made.

(2) Where an assessment in respect of any year is

reduced under this section, so much of any duty paid

thereunder as exceeds the duty which would have been

payable under the assessment as reduced shall be

refunded.

15. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of

section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1923, where a

person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction

in Northern Ireland with an offence under the I llicit

Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1831, as amended by any

other enactment, or under any such amending enactment,

it shall not be necessary, for the purpose of exercising

the powers of the court to remand him on bail or in

custody, for the court to be constituted of more than

one resident magistrate.

16. —(1) If any goods, being goods of a class or

description in respect of which a duty of customs is

chargeable on importation from the Irish Free State, are

imported from the Irish Free State into Northern Ireland

in any manner whatsoever without payment of that duty,

the goods shall be forfeited, but without prejudice to

any customs penalty which may have been incurred in

respect of the importation.

(2) If goods of any such class or description as

aforesaid are found in the possession or control of any

person within the prescribed area in Northern Ireland,

an officer of customs and excise may require that person

to furnish proof that the goods have not been imported

from the Irish Free State or that customs duty has been

paid thereon, and if such proof is not furnished to the

satisfaction of the Commissioners, the goods shall be

deemed, for the purpose of any proceedings for the

forfeiture of them or for any customs penalty in respect

of them, to have been imported as aforesaid without

payment of duty, unless the contrary is proved.

(3) In this section the reference to an officer of customs

and excise includes a reference to any person having by

Past j.

— cont.

of excise

licence.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 21.

Amendment

of 13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 14.

s. 13 (4).

1 & 2 Will. 4.

c. 55.

Provision

for preventing

smuggling in

Northern

Ireland.

302

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

13 Geo. 5.

Seas. 2, c. 2.

Payment

for excise

licences by

cheque.

Amendments as to

licences for

mechanically propelled

vehicles.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. o. 18.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 28.

law in Northern Ireland the powers of such an officer,

and the expression "prescribed area" means such an

area adjoining the land boundary of Northern Ireland as

may be prescribed by regulations made by the Commissioners under section four of the Irish Free State

(Consequential Provisions) Act, 1922.

17. — (1) Any Government department or local

authority having power to grant a licence on which an

excise duty is payable may, if they think fit, grant the

licence upon receipt of a cheque for the amount of the

duty payable thereon.

(2) Where a licence is granted as aforesaid to any

person and the cheque is subsequently dishonoured, the

licence shall be void as from the time when it was granted,

and the department or authority who granted it shall

send to that person, by registered letter addressed to

him at the address given by him when applying for the

licence, a notice requiring him to deliver up the licence

to that department or authority within the period of

seven days from the date when the notice was posted,

and, if that person fails to comply with the requirement

within that period, he shall be liable to an excise penalty

of fifty pounds.

18. — (1) As from the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five, section thirteen of the Finance

Act, 1920 (which imposes duties of excise in respect of

mechanically propelled vehicles) shall have effect as if

the paragraphs set out in Parts I and II of the Third

Schedule to this Act were respectively substituted for

paragraphs 1 and 6 of the Second Schedule to that Act

and as if there were inserted at the end of paragraph 5

of the said Second Schedule the following provision :—

" For the purposes of this paragraph the

expression ‘ trailer’shall not include an appliance

not exceeding five hundredweight in weight which

is constructed and used solely for the purpose of

distributing on the road loose untreated gritting

material."

(2) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall

affect the paragraph inserted at the end of the said

Second Schedule by subsection (1) of section six of the Finance Act, 1930, and that paragraph shall be

numbered 7.

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

303

(3) Where a licence taken out for a mechanically

propelled vehicle is surrendered on or after the first day

of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, the fees

chargeable under subsection (1) of section eighteen of the

Finance Act, 1924, in respect of the surrender shall not

be charged.

Part II.

Income Tax.

19. —(1) Income tax for the year 1934-35 shall be

charged at the standard rate of four shillings and sixpence

in the pound, and, in the case of an individual whose total

income from all sources exceeds two thousand pounds,

at such higher rates in respect of the excess over two

thousand pounds as Parliament may hereafter determine.

(2) All such enactments as had effect with respect

to the income tax charged for the year 1933-34 shall have

effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year

1934-35.

20. Income tax for the year 1933-34 shall be charged,

in the case of an individual whose total income from all

sources exceeded two thousand pounds, at the same

higher rates in respect of the excess over two thousand

pounds as were charged for the year 1932-33.

21. — (1) Where rent is payable in respect of any land

the property in which is not separately assessed and

charged under Schedule A, or in respect of any easement,

and—

(a) the land or easement is used, occupied or enjoyed

in connection with any of the concerns specified

in Rules 1, 2 and 3 of No. Ill of Schedule A; or

(b) the lease or other agreement under which the

rent is payable provides for the recoupment

of the rent by way of reduction of royalties

or payments of a similar nature in the event

of the land or easement being used, occupied

or enjoyed as aforesaid;

the rent shall be charged with tax under Schedule D and

shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be treated

for the purpose of such of the provisions of the Income

Part I.

— cont.

Income tax

for 1934-35.

Higher rates

of income

tax for

1933-34.

Income tax

on certain

rents,

mining

royalties,

&c.

304

Part II.

— cont.

3&4 Geo. 5.

o. 3.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

o. 40.

Ch. 32. Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Tax Acts as refer to royalties paid in respect of the user of

a patent as if it were such a royalty:

Provided that, where the rent is rendered in produce

of the concern, it shall, instead of being treated as

aforesaid, be charged under Case III of Schedule D as

if it were mentioned in Rule 1 of the Rules applicable

to that Case, and the value of the produce so rendered

shall be taken to be the amount of the profits or income

arising therefrom.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section two of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913, a deduction

from a payment of rent made by any person on account

of income tax at any time before the passing of this Act,

which would have been a legal deduction if the provisions

of this section had been in force at that time, shall be

deemed for all purposes (including all the purposes of

legal proceedings instituted before the passing of this Act) to have been a legal deduction to which all the

provisions of Rule 19 or Rule 21 of the General Rules,

as the case may be, were applicable.

(3) The provisions of subsection (2) of section two

hundred and eleven of the Income Tax Act, 1918, shall

have effect as if this section had come into operation

on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty -

four.

(4) For the purpose of this section—

(a) the expression "land" means lands, tenements,

hereditaments and heritages;

(b) the expression "easement " includes any right,

privilege or benefit in, over or derived from

land;

(c) the expression "rent " includes a rent service,

rent charge, fee farm rent, feu duty or

other rent, toll, duty, royalty or annual or

periodical payment in the nature of rent,

whether payable in money or money’s worth or

otherwise, but does not include any of the

payments enumerated in Rules 1 to 6 of No. II

of Schedule A.

(5) Rule 5 of No. Ill of Schedule A (which provides

for the computation of the annual value of the produce

of any such concern as aforesaid) shall cease to have

effect.

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

305

22. Any profits or income accruing or arising to the

Issue Department of the Reserve Bank of India constituted under an Act of the Indian Legislature called

the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, shall be exempt

from income tax.

Part III.

National Debt and Guaranteed Loans.

23. — (1) The permanent annual charge for the

National Debt for the financial year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-

five, shall be the sum of two hundred and twenty-four

million pounds instead of the sum of three hundred and

fifty-five million pounds.

(2) The Treasury may at any time, if they think

fit, raise money in any manner in which they are

authorised to raise money under and for the purposes

of subsection (1) of section one of the War Loan Act,

1919, for providing any sums required during the said

financial year for the purposes mentioned in paragraph

(a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (4) of section twenty-

three of the Finance Act, 1928, as amended by this section,

and the amount required by the said subsection (4) to

be issued from the permanent annual charge for the

National Debt for the purposes aforesaid in that year

shall be decreased by the amount raised under this

subsection.

(3) Any securities created and issued to raise money

under the last preceding subsection shall be deemed to

have been created and issued under subsection (1) of

section one of the War Loan Act, 1919.

(4) Paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of the said

section twenty-three shall have effect as if the following

sub-paragraph were inserted immediately after sub-

paragraph (iii) thereof—

" (iiia) for the purpose of fulfilling the undertaking contained in the prospectus relating to the

three per cent. Funding Loan 1959-69 to set

aside certain sums for sinking fund purposes."

24. Any moneys required for the purpose of fulfilling the undertaking contained in the prospectus

relating to the three per cent. Funding Loan 1959-69

to set aside certain sums for sinking fund purposes

U

Part n.

— cont.

Exemption

for Issue

Department

of Reserve

Bank of

India.

Provisions

as to

permanent

annual

charge for

the National

Debt.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. o.37.

Provision lor

sinking fund

of three per

cent. Funding Loan

1959-69.

306

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part III.

— ccmt.

Power of

Treasury to

guarantee

loans issued

to redeem

existing

guaranteed

loans.

shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof.

25.—(1) Where a loan which may be redeemed

before maturity at the option of the borrower has been

guaranteed by the Treasury, whether before or after

the passing of this Act, and it is proposed to issue another

loan (in this section referred to as a conversion loan)

solely for the purpose of providing for the redemption

of the first-mentioned loan as aforesaid, whether by

way of cash payments or by exchange of securities, the

Treasury may guarantee the conversion loan:

Provided that—

(a) a conversion loan shall not be guaranteed

under this section unless—

(i) the amount required in each year to

pay the interest on the conversion loan is

less than the amount which would have

been required in the year beginning at the

date of the issue of that loan to pay the

interest on the loan to be redeemed; and

(ii) the Treasury are satisfied that the

substitution of the guarantee of the conversion loan for the guarantee of the loan

to be redeemed will benefit the Exchequer;

and

(b) where a conversion loan has been guaranteed

under this section the Treasury shall not

guarantee another conversion loan issued for

the purpose of providing for the redemption

of the first-mentioned conversion loan.

(2) Any guarantee given under this section may be

given in such form and manner, and on such terms and

subject to such conditions, as the Treasury think fit.

(3) Any moneys required for fulfilling a guarantee

given under this section shall be charged on and issued

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof and any moneys paid in or towards repayment

of any sum issued out of the Consolidated Fund under

this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(4) The Treasury shall lay before both Houses of

Parliament—

(a) a statement of any guarantee given under this

section as soon as may be after it is given;

and

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

307

(b) once in each year, an account of any sums issued Part III.

out of the Consolidated Fund for the purpose of —coni.

any such guarantee.

(5) In this section, references to the guaranteeing

of a loan shall be construed as references to guaranteeing,

whether wholly or in part, and whether solely or jointly

with other guarantors, the payment either of the interest,

or of both the interest and the principal, of the loan, and

the expression "guaranteed " shall be construed

accordingly.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

26. In the financial year ending on the thirty-first Amend-

day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-five, and each ment as to

subsequent financial year, the amount by which the sum

to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund and paid into j< un j

the Road Fund under section two of the Roads Act, 1920, 10 &

is to be reduced under section forty-two of the Finance Q eo 5 c _ 72.

Act, 1926, shall either be the amount provided in the ie & 17

said section forty-two or five million pounds, whichever is Geo. 5. c. 22.

the greater.

27. The provisions of Part III of the Finance Act, Repeal of

1931 (which charges land value tax), shall cease to have !and value

effect, except the provisions of section twenty-eight of tax -

the said Act and other provisions relating to that section, g 2 c 2 s

28. For the purposes of paragraph (d) of subsection Estate duty

(1) of section two of the Finance Act, 1894, where an in respect of

annuity or other interest has been purchased or provided

by the deceased, either by himself alone or in Concert or £j terest l s .

by arrangement with any other person, the extent of any 51 & 58

beneficial interest therein accruing or arising by survivor- Vict 0 20,

ship or otherwise on the death of the deceased shall be

ascertained, and shall be deemed always to have been

ascertainable, without regard to any interest in expectancy

the beneficiary may have had therein before the death:

Provided that, in a case where the deceased died

before the passing of this Act, this section shall not apply

to a beneficial interest accruing or arising under a disposition of property which produced income falling to be

dealt with under the disposition during the lifetime of the deceased if no estate duty was paid in respect of

308

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5

Part IV.

— amt.

Amendment

as to stamp

duty on

loan capital.

62 & 63

Vict. c. 9.

Short title,

construction, extent

and repeals.

39 & 40

Vict. o. 36.

the beneficial interest before the eighth day of December,

nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

29. For the purpose of section eight of the Finance

Act, 1899 (which provides for the payment of stamp

duty in respect of the issue of loan capital), the expression

" loan capital " shall not include any loan capital which

is of such a description as to be incapable of being dealt

in on a stock exchange in the United Kingdom.

30. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act,

1934.

(2) Part I of this Act, so far as it relates to duties of

customs shall be construed as one with the Customs

Consolidation Act, 1876, and so far as it relates to duties

of excise shall be construed as one with the Acts which

relate to the duties of excise and to the management of

those duties, and for the purposes of the said Part I—

(a) the expression "the Commissioners" means the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise;

(b) the expression "the Committee" means the

Import Duties Advisory Committee;

(c) the expressions " general ad valorem duty " and

" additional duty " have respectively the same

meanings as in the Import Duties Act, 1932,

as amended by subsection (2) of section sixteen

of the Finance Act, 1933.

(3) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one

with the Income Tax Acts.

(4) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment

as amended or applied by any subsequent enactment

including* this Act.

(5) In this Act the expression "the United Kingdom " does not include the Isle of Man.

(6) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to

matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

(7) The enactments set out in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule.

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

309

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 1,

Rates of Customs Duties and Drawbacks on

Certificated Colonial Sugar.

Part I.

Rates of Duty on Certificated Colonial Sugar.

Article. Rate of Duty.

s. d.

Sugar of a polarisation exceeding 99° - the cwt. 2 4*7

Sugar of a polarisation exceeding :—

98°

but not exceeding 99°

- the cwt.

1

6-3

97

) >

99

98

99

1

5‘8

96

99

97

99

1

5*3

96

n

99

96

99

1

4-8

94

99

96

» •

1

4-4

93

99

99

94

99

1

39

92

99

99

93

99

1

3-5

91

99

99

92

99

1

3-0

90

99

99

91

99

1

2-6

89

99

99

90

99

1

2-1

88

99

99

89

99

1

1-6

87

99

99

88

99

1

1*3

86

99

99

87

99

1

0*8

86

99

99

86

99

1

0-6

84

99

99

85

99

1

0-2

83

99

99

84

99

11*8

82

99

99

83

99

11-5

81

99

99

82

99

11*2

80

99

99

81

99

10*9

79

99

99

80

99

10*5

78

99

99

79

99

10-2

77

99

99

78

99

9-9

76

99

99

77

M

9-6

Sugar of a polarisation not exceeding 76° the cwt. 9*6

310

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

- COht.

Part II.

Scales of Drawback in case of Sugar and

Molasses Manufactured from

Certificated Sugar.

Table I.

Scale Applicable in the case of Sugar.

Degree of Polarisation. Rate or Amount of Drawback.

Of a polarisation

exceeding 99°

' Where the rate of duty paid was 2s. 4-7 d.

the cwt., a drawback at the same rate.

■< Where a rate of duty less than 2s. 4-7 d.

the cwt. was paid, a drawback at the

rate of Is. 7 4 d. the cwt.

Of a polarisation not A drawback equal to the duty specified

exceeding 99°. in Part I of this Schedule in the

case of Bugar of the like polarisation.

Table II.

Scale Applicable in the case of Molasses.

Amount of

Nature of Molasses. Drawback.

8. d.

If containing not more than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter and weighing not less than 14 pounds

to the gallon - the cwt. 0 4}

If containing more than 50 per cent, but not more

than 60 per cent, of sweetening matter the cwt. 0 7

If containing more than 60 per cent, but not more

than 70 per cent, of sweetening matter - the cwt. 0 9

If containing more than 70 per cent, but not more

than 80 per cent, of sweetening matter - the cwt. 1 01

If containing more than 80 per cent, of sweetening

matter ---- the cwt. 1 2]

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Ch. 32.

311

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Goods exempted prom Duties under 22 & 23 Geo. 5.

C. 8 WHEN IMPORTED FOR CERTAIN SHIPBUILDING

PURPOSES.

1. Iron or steel shafts and shafting (including turbine rotor

shafts) and cranks and webs therefor.

2. Iron or steel connecting rods, piston rods and cross-

heads.

3. Iron or steel plates not less than one eighth of an inch

nor more than two inches in thickness.

4. Iron or steel shrouds for turbine gear wheels.

5. Iron or steel cylinder cover castings and piston castings.

6. Propellor castings, being complete propellors or blades

or bosses.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Amended Rates of Duty in the case of Certain

Mechanically Propelled Vehicles.

Part I.

Paragraph to be Substituted for Paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920.

Description of vehicle. Rate of duty.

1. Cycles (including motor scooters and cycles with £ 8. d.

an attachment for propelling them by mechanical power) not exceeding 8 cwt. in weight

unladen :—

(o) Bicycles—

Where the cylinder capacity of the engine

thereof—

(i) does not exceed 150 cubic centimetres - 0 12 0

(ii) exceeds 150 cubic centimetres but does

not exceed 250 cubic centimetres - - 1 2 6

Section 9.

Section 18.

312

Ch. 32.

Finance Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

3&d Sch.

— eont.

Description of veliiele.

Rate of duty.

(iii) exceeds 250 cubic centimetres— £ s. d.

in a case where the bicycle is one in

respect of which a licence was taken

out before the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and thirty-three,

and does not exceed 224 lbs. in weight

unladen - -126

in any other case - - 2 5 0

(6) Bicycles, if used for drawing a trailer or sidecar 0 15 0

(c) Tricycles

4 0 0

The duty chargeable under sub-paragraph (6) of this paragraph in respect of any bicycle shall be chargeable in addition to

the duty chargeable on the bicycle under Bub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph.

Part II.

Paragraph to be Substituted for Paragraph 6 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920.

Description of vehicle. Rate of duty.

6. Any vehicles other than those charged with duty £ a. d.

under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule :—

Electrically propelled vehicles - - 4 10 0

Other vehicles—

not exceeding 6 horse-power - 4 10 0

exceeding 6 horse-power—

for each unit or part of a unit of horsepower - -0150

1934.

Finance Act, 1934.

Cn. 32.

313

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 30.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Extent of repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. The Income Tax Act,

c. 40. 1918.

Rule 5 of No. Ill of Schedule A.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The Finance Act,

c. 21. 1924.

As from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four, in subsection (1)

of section eighteen the words

from " subject to the payment " to " ten shillings."

16 & 17 Geo. 6. The Finance Act,

c. 22. 1926.

In subsection (2) of section ten

the words from " and the

duty " to the end of the subsection; in the third column

of the Third Schedule the

figure 5; and, as from the

first day of January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five, in

section forty-two the words

" or under paragraph 6 of the

" Second Schedule to the

" Finance Act, 1920."

21 &22 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

The Finance Act,

1931.

Sections ten to twenty-seven;

sections twenty - nine to

thirty-one; in section thirty-

two the words from " Agricultural land " to the end of the definition of "Farmhouse, " the definitions of

" Local authority " and

" Mineral wayleave, " and

the words from " Playing

field " to the end of the section; section thirty-three;

in section thirty-four the

words " in connection with

the value of land " and the

words from " and any " to

" 1910 "; paragraphs (a) to

(e), (g) to (»>), (y) and (z) of

section thirty-five and in

paragraph (/) of that section

314

Ch. 32, 33.

Finance Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

4th Schi

— cent.

Guarantee

of Palestine

loan.

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Extent of repeal.

21 & 22 Geo.5.

c. 28— cont.

The Finance Act, 1931

— cont.

the words " ‘ Tithe’means

‘ teind, ’ " the words "‘mortgagee, ’ ‘ mortgaged estate ’

and, " and the words from

" incumbrance " to the end

of the paragraph; and the

First Schedule.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. j

c. 8.

The Import Duties

Act, 1932.

Proviso (a) to subsection (5) of

section nineteen.

22 & 23 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

The Finance Act,

1932.

Subsections (1) and (3) of section two; in paragraph (b)

of subsection (2) of section

nine the words "in the

" manufacture of goods of

" that class or description ";

section twenty-seven; the

First Schedule; and, as from

the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and thirty-

five, section thirteen.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.

c. 19

The Finance Act,

1933.

Subsection (4) of section six.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee

a loan to be raised by the Government of

Palestine.

[12th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and on such

conditions as they think fit, the payment of the principal

of and the interest on any loan raised by the Government

1934.

Palestine Loan

Act, 1934.

Ch. 33.

315

of Palestine for the purposes specified in the Schedule to

this Act or for the purpose of refunding to the accumulated surplus balances of Palestine sums expended

before the passing of this Act from revenue or from

surplus balances for any of the purposes so specified:

Provided that the amount of the principal of the

loan to be guaranteed under this Act shall not exceed an

amount sufficient to raise two million pounds.

(2) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling

any guarantee given under this Act shall be charged on

and issued out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing

produce thereof, and any sums received in repayment

of any sums so issued shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) As soon as may be after any guarantee is given

under this Act or any sums are issued out of the

Consolidated Fund for the purpose of any such guarantee,

the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee or an

account of the sums issued, as the case may be, before

both Houses of Parliament.

2. —(1) A guarantee shall not be given under this Conditions of

Act until the Government of Palestine has provided guarantee,

to the satisfaction of the Treasury and the Secretary of

State—

(a) for raising the loan and, subject to any arrangements which may be made with the assent of the Treasury and the Secretary of State for

the application of savings on one head of

expenditure to another head of expenditure,

for the appropriation and due application of the parts of the loan respectively specified in

the second column of the Schedule to this Act

for the purposes respectively specified in the

first column thereof, or for the purpose of

refunding to the accumulated surplus balances

of Palestine sums expended before the passing

of this Act from revenue or from surplus

balances for those purposes respectively:

(b) for the establishment and regulation of one or

more sinking funds for the purpose of the repayment of the principal of the loan or any instalment thereof within a period not exceeding

316

Ch. 33.

Palestine Loan

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

forty years from the date on which the loan or

instalment is actually raised and for the management of the sinking funds by trustees to be

nominated by the Treasury:

(c) for charging the principal and interest of the

loan and the payments to be made to the

sinking funds to be established as aforesaid on

the general revenues and assets of Palestine or

on any other revenues or assets which may be

made available for the purpose, with priority over

any charges not existing at the date of the

passing of this Act:

(d) for charging on the general revenues and assets

of Palestine immediately after the last mentioned

charge the repayment to the Treasury of any

sum issued in pursuance of this Act out of the

Consolidated Fund on account of a guarantee

under this Act with interest on the said sum at

such rate as the Treasury may fix:

(e) for raising, or securing the raising of, sufficient

money to meet the above charges.

(2) The Secretary of State shall satisfy himself, in

relation to all works for the purposes of which any loan

guaranteed under this Act is applied—

(a) that fair conditions of labour -are observed in

the execution of the works; and

(b) that all plant, machinery and materials imported

into Palestine and used in the execution of the

works are goods manufactured or produced

in the United Kingdom, except where the

Secretary of State has for special reasons

given his permission for the use of a particular

consignment of other goods.

3. This Act may be cited as the Palestine Loan

Act, 1934.

Short title.

1934.

Palestine Loan

Act, 1934.

[Ch. 33, 34.

317

SCHEDULE.

Section 1.

Purposes of Loan.

1. Resettlement of displaced Arabs -

2. Water supply and drainage schemes for Jerusalem

and Haifa, water supply for Hebron and various

villages and survey of water resources

3. Agricultural credits ----

4. Construction of oil berth and reclamation scheme

at Haifa.-

5. Public buildings, including Jerusalem Post Office

and various educational buildings, and purposes incidental to or connected with any of the purposes mentioned in this Schedule,

including the raising of the loan -

250,000

933,000

200,000

210,000

407,000

£ 2,000,000

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to make further and better provision as to

the status of adopted children and of their

relatives by adoption, for the purposes of the

enactments relating to workmen’s compensation.

[12th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Any question arising under the Workmen’s Effect, for

Compensation Act, 1925, as to whether a person is the

father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, stepfather, c 0 mp e nsa- S

stepmother, son, daughter, grandson, granddaughter, tion Acts,

stepson, stepdaughter, brother, sister, half-brother or of relationships arising

318

out of

adoption.

[15 & 16

Geo.5. c.84.]

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 29.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 37.

Short title,

citation,

repeal, and

extent.

Ch. 34. Adoption of Children 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Workmen's Compensation) Act, 1934.

half-sister, of a workman shall be determined as if any-

adopted child—

(1) if adopted by two spouses jointly or by one of

two spouses, were the legitimate child of those

spouses;

(ii) if adopted by a person having no spouse,

were the legitimate child of that person and

of a spouse who died immediately after the

adoption,

and in either case were not the child of any other person,

whether by natural parentage or by virtue of a previous

adoption.

(2) For the purposes of proceedings in which any

such question as aforesaid arises, a certified copy of, or an

extract of, any entry in an Adopted Children Register

which under subsection (5) of section eleven of the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, or under subsection (6) of section

eleven of the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930,

or under subsection (5) of section eleven of the Adoption

of Children Act (Northern Ireland), 1929, would in England

or in Scotland, or in Northern Ireland, as the case may

be, be receivable as evidence of certain facts, shall be

received as evidence of those facts throughout Great

Britain.

(3) In this section, the expression "adopted child "

means a person, whether still an infant or not, who has

been adopted, whether before or after the commencement

of this Act, in pursuance of an adoption order made

under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, or the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, or the Adoption

of Children Act (Northern Ireland), 1929.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Adoption of

Children (Workmen’s Compensation) Act, 1934, and this Act and the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, may be

cited together as the Adoption of Children Acts, 1926 and

1934, and this Act and the Adoption of Children (Scotland)

Acts, 1930 and 1931, may be cited together as the

Adoption of Children (Scotland) Acts, 1930 to 1934.

(2) In subsection (2) of section five of the Adoption

of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, the words "and

Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925 " shall be repealed.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1934.

Land Settlement (Scotland)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 35.

319

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to authorise during thq period of three

years commencing on the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four, in lieu of sums

payable to the Agriculture (Scotland) Fund under

section five of the Small Landholders (Scotland)

Act, 1911, and the Sixth Schedule to the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, the placing at

the disposal of the Department of Agriculture

for Scotland, of a sum not exceeding two hundred

and seventy-five thousand pounds annually out

of moneys voted by Parliament.

[12th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. During the year commencing on the first day of

April nineteen hundred and thirty-four and during each of the two succeeding years, there shall be placed at the

disposal of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland,

for the purposes specified in section six of the Small

Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911, and section one of the

Land Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919, in lieu of the sums

payable under section five of the first mentioned Act, and

the Sixth Schedule to the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929, into the Agriculture (Scotland) Fund constituted under the said section five, a sum not exceeding

two hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds annually

voted by Parliament for the said purposes, and any sum

so voted shall be paid into and administered as part of the said Agriculture (Scotland) Fund.

placed at

the disposal

of the Department of

Agriculture.

1 & 2

Geo. 5. c. 49.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 97.

19 & 20

Geo.5. c. 25.

2. This Act may be cited as the Land Settlement Short title.

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

320

Ch. 36.

Vesting of

property in

petroleum

in His

Majesty.

8 & 9

Geo. 6. c. 52.

Licences

to search

for and get

petroleum.

Petroleum, (Production) 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to vest in the Crown the property in

petroleum and natural gas within Great Britain

and to make provision with respect to the

searching and boring for and getting of petroleum

and natural gas, and for purposes connected with

the matters aforesaid.

[12th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The property in petroleum existing in its

natural condition in strata in Great Britain is hereby

vested in His Majesty, and His Majesty shall have the

exclusive right of searching and boring for and getting

such petroleum:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall apply

to petroleum which at the commencement of this Act

may lawfully be gotten under a licence in force under the

Petroleum (Production) Act, 1918, being a licence specified in the Schedule to this Act, so long as that licence

remains in force.

(2) For the purpose of this Act the expression

" petroleum " includes any mineral oil or relative hydrocarbon and natural gas existing in its natural condition

in strata, but does not include coal or bituminous shales

or other stratified deposits from which oil can be extracted

by destructive distillation.

2.—(1) The Board of Trade, on behalf of His

Majesty, shall have power to grant to such persons as

they think fit licences to search and bore for and get

petroleum.

(2) Any such licence shall be granted for such

consideration (whether by way of royalty or otherwise)

as the Board of Trade with the consent of the Treasury

may determine, and upon such other terms and

conditions as the Board of Trade think fit.

1934. Petroleum (Production) Ch. 36. 321

Act, 1934.

0

(3) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be

after granting a licence under this section, publish notice

of the fact in the London Gazette stating the name of the

licensee and the situation of the area in respect of which

the licence has been granted, and, if the said area or any

part thereof is in Scotland, the Board shall also publish

the said notice in the Edinburgh Gazette.

3. — (1) Part I of the Mines (Working Facilities and Provisions

Support) Act, 1923, as amended by any subsequent as to com -

enactment, shall apply for the purpose of enabling a P llisor 7

person holding a licence under this Act to acquire such of rights to

ancillary rights as may be required for the exercise of enter on

the rights granted by the licence, and shall have effect land, &c.

accordingly, subject to the following modifications :— 13 & 14

(a) references to a person having a right to work Ge0- 5 ‘ c-

minerals shall include references to a person

holding a licence under this Act, references to

minerals shall include references to petroleum,

and references to the working of minerals shall

include references to the getting, carrying away,

storing, treating and converting of petroleum;

(b) without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of section three of the said Act, the

ancillary rights therein mentioned shall include

(in addition to the rights specified in subsection (2) of that section) a right to enter upon

land and to sink bore holes therein for the

purpose of searching for and getting petroleum,

and a right to use and occupy land for the

erection of such buildings, the laying and

maintenance of such pipes, and the construction

of such other works as may be required for the

purpose of searching and boring for and getting,

carrying away, storing, treating and converting

petroleum:

Provided that, where a right to lay and maintain

pipes under a highway is granted by virtue of this subsection, sections nineteen to twenty-eight and thirty to

thirty-four of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, shall 10 & 11

be incorporated in the order granting the right, subject Vict. c. 17.

to any modifications or adaptations specified in the order.

(2) In relation to any application made to the Railway and Canal Commission under Part I of the said Act,

X

322

Ch. 36.

Power to

supply-

natural gas.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 28.

Account of

receipts and

expenditure

under Act.

Petroleum, (Production)24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

0

as applied by this section, the following provisions shall

have effect:—

(a) the Commission shall, in deciding whether to

grant any right applied for or what terms and

conditions, if any, should be imposed upon the

grant of such a right, have regard, among other

considerations, to the effect on the amenities of the locality of the proposed use and occupation

of the land in respect of which the right is

applied for:

(b) in determining the amount of any compensation

to be paid in respect of the grant of any

right, an additional allowance of not less than

ten per cent, shall be made on account of the

acquisition of the right being compulsory:

(c) the costs in connection with the application

’ incurred by the applicant shall not be ordered

to be paid by any person from whom a right is

sought to be obtained; and the costs so incurred

by each such person shall, unless the Commission

is satisfied that an unconditional offer in writing

was made by the applicant to that person of a

sum as compensation equal to or greater than

the amount of any compensation awarded to

him by the Commission, be ordered to be paid

by the applicant.

4. It shall be lawful for any person holding a

licence under this Act, if so authorised by the Board of

Trade, to supply to any premises natural gas gotten by

him in pursuance of the licence:

Provided that where the premises to be supplied

with the gas are situated within the authorised limits

of supply of any undertakers within the meaning of the

Gas Regulation Act, 1920, the Board of Trade shall not

give their authority unless they are satisfied that those

undertakers have been given an opportunity of purchasing the gas at a reasonable price and that the gas is

to be supplied to those premises for industrial purposes

only.

5. — (1) Before the first day of October in the year

nineteen hundred and thirty-five and each succeeding

year an account shall be prepared by the Board of Trade,

Ch. 36.

323

1934. Petroleum (Production)

Act, 1934.

in such form and in such manner as the Treasury may

direct, of the moneys received and expended by the

Board under this Act during the last preceding financial

year, and the Comptroller and Auditor-General shall

examine and certify every such account and shall lay

copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before

both Houses of Parliament.

(2) All moneys received by the Board under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer and all expenses

of the Board under this Act shah be defrayed out of

moneys provided by Parliament.

6. —(1) The Board of Trade shall, before granting any

licence under this Act, make regulations prescribing—

(a) the manner in which and the persons by whom

applications for licences under this Act may be

made;

(b) the fees to be paid on any such application;

(c) the conditions as to the size and shape of areas

in respect of which licences may be granted;

(d) model clauses which shall, unless the Board think

fit to modify or exclude them in any particular

case, be incorporated in any such licence;

and different regulations may be made for different kinds

of licence.

(2) Any regulations made under this section shall be

laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may be

after they are made, and if either House, within the next

subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House has

sat after any such regulations are laid before it, resolves

that the regulations shall be annulled, the regulations

shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to

anything previously done thereunder or to the making of

new regulations.

7. For the purpose of ascertaining on behalf of the

Board of Trade the position of the workings, actual and

prospective, of any mines or abandoned mines through

or near which it is proposed to sink any borehole for the

purpose of searching for or getting petroleum, any officer

appointed by the Board of Trade shall have the same

rights as to production and examination of plans and

sections kept in pursuance of sections twenty or twenty-

one of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, or sections fourteen or

Power

to make

regulations.

Power to

inspect

plans of

mines.

1 & 2 Geo. 5,

o. 50.

324

35 & 36

Vict. c. 77.

Exercise of

powers and

duties of

Board of

Trade.

Definition of

minerals in

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 28.

s. 23.

Savings.

Short title,

repeal and

extent.

Ch. 36. Petroleum (Production) 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

nineteen of the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872,

as are by those Acts conferred on inspectors, and those

sections shall apply accordingly.

8. The powers and duties of the Board of Trade

under this Act shall, subject to the directions of the

Board, he exercised and performed through the Secretary

for Mines.

9. It is hereby declared that in subsection (1) of

section twenty-three of the Mining Industry Act, 1926

(which imposes on persons s inkin g bore holes for the

purpose of searching for or getting minerals obligations

to give certain facilities to the Department of Scientific

and Industrial Research) the expression "minerals "

includes petroleum.

10. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice the right

of any person who, at the passing of this Act is using any

supply of natural gas for any commercial purpose, to

continue to use the gas for that purpose.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as imposing any liability on any person where in the course of

mining or other lawful operations petroleum is set free.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as

conferring, or as enabling the Board of Trade to confer,

on any person, whether acting on behalf of His Majesty

or not, any right which he does not enjoy apart from this Act to enter on or interfere with land.

11. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Petroleum

(Production) Act, 1934.

(2) The Petroleum (Production) Act, 1918, is hereby

repealed:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect the

validity of any licence granted under the said Act which

is specified in the Schedule to this Act, but any such

licence shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, have effect as if granted under this Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1934.

325

Petroleum (Production) Ch. 36, 37.

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE.

Licences in force under the .Petroleum

(Production) Act, 1918.

Date of Licence.

Name of Original

Licensee.

Situation of Licensed Area.

26th March, 1923

The _ Duke of

Devonshire.

Near Hardstoft in the county

of Derbyshire.

16th December,

1930.

Henry King Hiller

Near Heathfield in the county

of Sussex.

20th July, 1931 -

The N.M.D. Syndicate Ltd.

Near Three Bridges in the

county of Sussex.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the investment of moneys received by the trustees of

trustee savings banks in respect of special

investments.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, but

subject to any regulations made in that behalf by the

Treasury, the National Debt Commissioners may, if

they think fit, on the application of the trustees of a

trustee savings bank, authorise moneys received by

the trustees in respect of special investments to be

invested—

(a) in any such securities as are mentioned in any

of the following enactments, that is to say, paragraphs (m) and (q) of subsection (1) of section one

of the Trustee Act, 1925, and sub-paragraphs

(6) and (7) of paragraph (a) of section ten of the

Sections 1

and 11.

Investment

of moneys

received in

respect of

special

investments.

15 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 19.

326

Ch. 37.

ll & 12

Geo. 5. c. 5S.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 4.

26 & 27

Vict. c. 87.

Trustee Savings Banks 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

{Special Investments) Act, 1934.

Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, being securities

which ■null mature for payment not later than

fifteen years after the date of the investment;

(b) in any securities the principal and interest

whereof are charged on the Consolidated Fund

whether’directly or by virtue of any guarantee,

being securities which will mature for payment

not later than thirty years after the date of the

investment:

Provided that the powers of the trustees of any

trustee savings bank as to investment shall be so exercised

as to secure that the total cost price of all the securities

aforesaid which are held by them in respect of special

investments, excluding securities which could be bought

by them under paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section

one of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918, at no time

exceeds forty per cent, of the total liabilities of the bank

in respect of moneys received in respect of special

investments.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, the

National Debt Commissioners may, if they think fit, on

the application of the trustees of a trustee savings bank,

authorise all or any of the moneys received by the

trustees in respect of special investments to be paid to

and received by the trustees of another trustee savings

bank for investment in pursuance of section sixteen of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863:

Provided that—

(fl) an application made under this subsection by

the trustees of a trustee savings bank shall not

be granted if the total liabilities of the bank in

respect of moneys received in respect of special

investments exceeds twenty thousand pounds;

(b) without prejudice to the generality of the

powers conferred by any other Act on the

National Debt Commissioners, where an

authority has been given under this subsection

to the trustees of a trustee savings bank, the

Commissioners may at any time direct the

trustees to withdraw the whole or any part of the moneys invested in pursuance of the

authority, and it shall be the duty of the

trustees to comply with the direction;

1934. Trustee Savings Banks Ch. 37, 38. 327

{Special Investments) Act, 1934.

(c) the total money at any time invested by

the trustees of a trustee savings bank with

other banks under this subsection shall not

be permitted at any time to exceed five

thousand pounds.

(3) The trustees of a trustee savings bank shall

have, and shall be deemed always to have had, power

to deposit moneys received by them in respect of special

investments in a bank other than a savings bank, either

on deposit account or on current account.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Trustee Short title,

Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934, and citation,

shall be construed as one with the Trustee Savings re P eal and

Banks Acts, 1863 to 1929, and those Acts and this Act ex n '

may be cited together as the Trustee Savings Banks

Acts, 1863 to 1934.

(2) Subsection (1) of section six of the Savings 19 & 20

Banks Act, 1929, is hereby repealed. Geo. 5. c. 27.

(3) This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands

and the Isle of Man, and shall be registered by the

Royal Courts of the Channel Islands.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the Architects (Registration)

Act, 1931.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. Section fourteen of the principal Act (which Amendment

relates to the provision of scholarships and maintenance of s. 14 of

grants) shall have effect, and shall be deemed always principal

to have had effect, as if the words "after the year Act -

nineteen hundred and thirty-four " were inserted after

the words "in each calendar year."

2. In this Act the expression "principal Act" Definition of

means the Architects (Registration) Act, 1931.

328

Short title

and construction.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c.67.

Extension of

period in

respect of

which

subsidies

are payable

under

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c.12.

Rates of

subsidy.

Ch. 38, 39. Architects (Registration)24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Architects

(Registration) Act, 1934, and the principal Act’ and this Act may be cited together as the Architects (Registration) Acts, 1931 and 1934.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to

Northern Ireland, but, for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall be

deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to extend by eleven months the period

in respect of which subsidies are payable under

the British Sugar (Subsidy) Act, 1925, and to

make further provision as to the rates of

subsidy payable under the said Act, as so

amended, and the administration thereof.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period during which sugar or molasses must

have been manufactured in order that a subsidy may

be payable in respect thereof under the British Sugar

(Subsidy) Act, 1925 (in this Act referred to as " the

principal Act "), shall be extended until the thirty-first

day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-five, and

accordingly in subsection (1) of section one of the

principal Act for the words "ten years " there shall be

substituted the words "ten years and eleven months."

2.—(1) The subsidy payable under the principal

Act, as amended by the preceding section, in respect of

sugar manufactured between the thirtieth day of

September, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, and the

first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-five,

shall be payable at the same rate as if the sugar had

been manufactured in the month of September, nineteen

1934.

British Sugar

(Subsidy) Act, 1934.

Ch. 39.

329

hundred and thirty-four, and accordingly in that part

of the First Schedule to the principal Act which relates

to the rate of subsidy in respect of sugar, for the words

" If manufactured between 30th September, 1931, and

1st October, 1934, " there shall be substituted the words

" If manufactured between 30th September, 1931, and

1 st September, 1935."

(2) No subsidy shall be payable under the principal

Act, as so amended as aforesaid, in respect of molasses

manufactured between the thirtieth day of September,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four, and the first day of

September, nineteen hundred and thirty-five, unless the

average market price per hundredweight of raw sugar

for the last quarter of the year, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four, as certified by the Minister under the Schedule

to this Act, is less than six shillings, but if the price is

less than six shillings, a subsidy shall be so payable at

a rate to be calculated in accordance with the provisions

of the said Schedule.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the principal Act

with respect to molasses manufactured during the month

of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, subsidy

in respect of such molasses shall be payable only in

accordance with the provisions of the last preceding

subsection as if that molasses had been manufactured

during the period of eleven months therein mentioned.

3. Any subsidy which under the principal Act, as

amended by this Act, may become payable in respect of

any period after the thirty-first day of August nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, in respect of sugar or molasses

manufactured in Scotland, shall be paid by the Minister

and not otherwise.

4. —(1) Until the average market price per hundredweight of raw sugar for the last quarter of the year

nineteen hundred and thirty-four has been certified by

the Minister under the Schedule to this Act, the Minister

may in respect of molasses manufactured after the

thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four, make such advances as he thinks fit to any person

on account of the subsidy which, in the opinion of the Minister, is likely to become payable to that person.

(2) Any sum paid under the preceding subsection

on account of a subsidy in excess of the amount which

All •

subsidies to

be paid by

the Minister.

Power of

Minister

to make

advances on

account of

subsidy in

respect of

molasses.

330

Ch. 39.

British Sugar

(Subsidy) Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Short title,

interpretation, and

extent.

Sections 2

and 4.

is ultimately found to be payable shall be a debt due to

the Crown from the person to whom the overpayment

was made, and, without prejudice to any other remedy,

may be recovered from him summarily by the Minister

as a civil debt.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the British Sugar

(Subsidy) Act, 1934.

(2) In this Act the expression "the Minister " means

the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, but, save as

aforesaid, expressions in this Act have the same meanings

respectively as in the principal Act.

(3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Rules for calculating the Subsidy payable in

respect cfF Molasses manufactured between

the Thirty-first day of August, Nineteen

Hundred and Thirty-four, and the First day

of September, Nineteen Hundred and Thirty-

five.

1. In this Schedule—

" certified price" means the average market price per

hundredweight of raw sugar for the last quarter of the year nineteen hundred and thirty-four, as certified

by the Minister under the next following paragraph

of this Schedule;

" prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Minister after consultation with the Treasury;

" scheduled rate " in relation to any molasses means

the rate at which subsidy would have been payable

under the principal Act in respect of that molasses

if it had been manufactured in the month of August,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four; and

" week " and " fortnight " mean respectively a period of

seven days and a period of fourteen days commencing

on a Sunday.

2. For the purposes of this Schedule, the Minister—

(i) shall in respect of each week in the period of thirteen

weeks commencing on the thirtieth day of September,

1934.

British Sugar

(Subsidy) Act, 1934.

Ch. 39, 40.

331

nineteen hundred and thirty-four, determine in

the prescribed manner, and certify, the average

price per hundredweight at which during the fortnight

preceding the week in question a person who required

sugar shipped during the calendar month next

following the calendar month within which the

last day of that fortnight fell could have purchased

raw cane sugar, first runnings, basis ninety-six degrees

polarisation, c.i.f. London and/or Liverpool, under

the contract terms of the United Terminal Sugar

Market Association of London; and

(ii) upon the expiration of the said period, shall determine

to the nearest complete one-tenth part of a penny,

and certify, the average of the thirteen weekly market

prices so certified by him as aforesaid;

and the price certified by the Minister under the last preceding

subparagraph shall be taken to be the average market price

per hundredweight of raw sugar for the last quarter of the year

nineteen hundred and thirty-four.

3. If the certified price is less than six shillings, but not

less than five shillings and sixpence, subsidy shall be payable

in respect of any molasses at a rate equivalent to one-sixtieth

part of the scheduled rate multiplied by the number of one-tenth

parts of a penny by which the certified price falls short of six

shillings.

4. If the certified price is less than five shillings and sixpence,

subsidy shall be payable in respect of any molasses at the

scheduled rate.

CHAPTER 40. •

An Act to provide that no appeal shall lie from the

Court of Appeal to the House of Lords except

with the leave of that Court or the House of

Lords, to make further provision as respects

appeals from county courts, and for purposes

connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

{Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

332

Ch. 40.

Restriction

on appeals

from Court

of Appeal

to House

of Lords.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 59.

Appeals

from county

courts.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

Administration of 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Justice (Appeals) Act, 1934.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) No appeal shall lie to the House of Lords

from any order or judgment made or given by the Court

of Appeal after the first day of October nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, except with the leave of that

Court or of the House of Lords.

(2) The House of Lords may by order provide for

the hearing and determination by a Committee of that

House of petitions for leave to appeal from the Court of

Appeal:

Provided that section five of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, shall apply to the hearing and

determination of any such petition by a Committee of the House as it applies to the hearing and determination

of an appeal by the House.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect any restriction

existing, apart f|om this section, on the bringing of appeals

from the Court of Appeal to the House of Lords.

2. —(1) Every appeal from a judgment, direction,

decision, decree or order of a judge of a county court

given or made after such date as the Lord Chancellor

may by order appoint, being an appeal under any of the enactments set out in the first column of Part I of the Schedule to this Act, shall lie to the Court of Appeal

instead of to the High Court; and accordingly those

enactments apd the enactments set out in the first

column of Part II of the said Schedule shall have effect

in relation to any such appeal subject to the modifications

respectively specified in the second column of those

Parts of that Schedule.

(2) Notwithstanding any rule of law to the effect

that so much of any enactment as is inconsistent with a

subsequent enactment is impliedly repealed by that

subsequent enactment, nothing in sections one hundred

and twenty or one hundred and twenty-four of the

County Courts Act, 1688, shall be taken to have affected

the enactments set out in Part III of the Schedule to

this Act.

1934.

Ch. 40.

333

Administration of

Justice (Appeals) Act, 1934.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Administration

of Justice (Appeals) Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments as to Appeals from County Courts.

Part I.

Enactments under which Appeals are to lie to

Court of Appeal, and consequential amendments.

Enactment. Modification.

Section twenty-six of the

County Courts Admiralty

Jurisdiction Act, 1868.

Section thirty of the Commons Act, 1876.

Section eleven of the Rivers

Pollution Act, 1876.

Section one hundred and

twenty of the County

Courts Act, 1888.

Section seven of the Tithe

Act, 1891.

Paragraph (5) of section

seventeen of the Alkali

Works, &c., Regulation

Act, 1906.

For the words "High Court of

Admiralty of ^England " there

shall be substituted the words

" Court of Appeal."

For the words "High Court of

Justice " there shall be substituted

the words "Court of Appeal."

For the words "High Court of

Justice " where they first occur,

there shall be substituted the

words " Court of Appeal."

For the words " High Court " where

they first occur there shall, be

substituted the words "Court of

Appeal, " and the words from

" regulating " to " High Court "

shall be repealed.

For the words "High Court " where

they first occur, there shall be

substituted the words "Court of

Appeal, " and the words from

" regulating " to the end of the

section shall be repealed.

For the words "High Court " there

shall be substituted the words

" Court of Appeal."

Short title

and extent.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 71.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 56.

39 & 40 Vict.

c. 75.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 8.

6 Ed. 7. c. 14.

334

Ch. 40.

Administration of 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Justice (Appeals)^4c£, 1934.

Enactment. Modification.

15 & 16 Subsection (2) of section one

deo. 5. c. 20. hundred and ninety-four

of the Law of Property

Act, 1925.

24 & 25 Section fifteen of the County For the words "High Court "

Geo. 6 . c. 17. Courts (Amendment) Act, wherever they occur there shall be

1934. substituted the words "Court of

Appeal."

Part II.

Consequential amendments of other enactments.

Enactment. Modification.

The Comity Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act,

1868:—

Section twenty-seven - The words " Court of Appeal "

shall be substituted fox' the words

" Registry of the High Court of

Admiralty " and " Judge of the

" High Court of Admiralty of

" England."

Section thirty-two - For the words "Judge of the High

Court of Admiralty " there shall

be substituted the words "Court

of Appeal, " and for the word

"him" there shall be substituted

the word " them."

The County Courts Act,

1888: —

Section one hundred For the words "High Court " in

and twenty-two. both places where they occur,

there shall be substituted the

words " Court of Appeal."

15 & 16 The Supreme Court of Judi-

Geo. 5. c. 49. cature (Consolidation)

Act, 1925:—

Paragraph (k) of sub- For the words "High Court " there

section (1) of section shall be substituted the words

thirty-one, and sub- " Court of Appeal."

section (3) of section

thirty-three.

1934.

Administration of

Justice (Appeals) Act, 1934.

Ch. 40, 41.

3

Part III.

Enactments unaffected by the County Courts

Act, 1888.

Sections thirty-seven to forty of the Charitable Trusts Act,

1853 (16 & 17 Vict. c. 137).

Section thirty-six of the Building Societies Act, 1874

(37 & 38 Vict. c. 42).

Section four of the Telegraph Act, 1878 (41 & 42 Vict. c. 76).

Section ten of the Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886 (49 & 50

Vict. c. 27).

Section one of the Parliamentary Elections (Returning

Officers) Act (1875) Amendment Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 57).

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the law as to the effect of

death in relation to causes of action and as to

the awarding of interest in civil proceedings.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, on

the death of any person after the commencement of this Act all causes of action subsisting against or vested

in him shall survive against, or, as the case may be, for

the benefit of, his estate. Provided that this subsection

shall not apply to causes of action for defamation or

seduction or for inducing one spouse to leave or remain

apart from the other or to claims under section one

hundred and eighty-nine of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, for damages on the

ground of adultery.

ESect of

death on

certain

causes of

action.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c.

336

Ch. 41.

Law Reform, 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

{Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934.

(2) Where a cause of action survives as aforesaid

for the benefit of the estate of a deceased person, the

damages recoverable for the benefit of the estate of that

person:—

(a) shall not include any exemplary damages;

(b) in the case of a breach of promise to marry shall

be limited to such damage, if any, to the estate

of that person as flows from the breach of promise

to marry;

(c) where the death of that person has been caused

by the act or omission which gives rise to the

cause of action, shall be calculated without

reference to any loss or gain to his estate consequent on his death, except that a sum in

respect of funeral expenses may be included.

(3) No proceedings shall be maintainable in respect

of a cause of action in tort which by virtue of this section

has survived against the estate of a deceased person,

unless either—

(a) proceedings against him in respect of that cause

of action were pending at the date of his death;

or

(b) the cause of action arose not earlier than six

months before his death and proceedings are

taken in respect thereof not later than six

months after his personal representative took

out representation.

(4) Where damage has been suffered by reason

of any act or omission in respect of which a cause of

action would have subsisted against any person if that

person had not died before or at the same time as the

damage was suffered, there shall be deemed, for the

purposes of this Act, to have been subsisting against

him before his death such cause of action in respect of

that act or omission as would have subsisted if he had

died after the damage was suffered.

(5) The rights conferred by this Act for the benefit

of the estates of deceased persons shall be in addition to

and not in derogation of any rights conferred on the

22 & 23 dependants of deceased persons by the Fatal Accidents

Geo. 5. c. 36. Acts, 1846 to 1908, or the Carriage by Air Act, 1932, and

1934.

Law Reform

{Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934.

Ch. 41.

337

so much of this Act as relates to causes of action against

the estates of deceased persons shall apply in relation to

causes of action under the said Acts as it applies in relation

to other causes of action not expressly excepted from the

operation of subsection (1) of this section.

(6) In the event of the insolvency of an estate

against which proceedings are maintainable by virtue

of this section, any liability in respect of the cause of

action in respect of which the proceedings are maintainable shall be deemed to be a debt provable in the

administration of the estate, notwithstanding that it is a

demand in the nature of unliquidated damages arising

otherwise than by a contract, promise or breach of trust.

(7) Subsections (1), (2), (5) and (6) of section twenty-

six of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, shall cease

to have effect.

2.—(1) For the purposes of the Fatal Accidents

Acts, 1846 to 1908, a person shall be deemed to be the

parent or child of the deceased person notwithstanding

that he was only related to him illegitimately or in

consequence of adoption; and accordingly in deducing

any relationship which under the provisions of those

Acts is included within the meaning of the expressions

" parent " and " child, " any illegitimate person and any

adopted person shall be treated as being, or as having

been, the legitimate offspring of his mother and reputed

father or, as the case may be, of his adopters.

(2) In this section the expression "adopted person "

means a person who has been adopted, whether before

or after the commencement of this Act, in pursuance of

an adoption order made under the Adoption of Children

Act, 1926, or the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act,

1930, or the Adoption of Children Act (Northern Ireland),

1929, and for the purpose of any proceedings under the

Fatal Accidents Acts, 1846 to 1908, an extract of, or a

certified copy of, any entry in an Adopted Children

Register which under subsection (6) of section eleven

of the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, or

under subsection (5) of section eleven of the Adoption

of Children Act (Northern Ireland), 1929, would in

Scotland or Northern Ireland, as the case may be, be

Y

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 23.

Amendment

of Fatal

Accidents

Acts, 1846

to 1908.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 29.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 37.

338 Ch. 41. Law Reform 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934.

receivable as evidence of certain facts, shall be receivable

as evidence of those facts in England.

(3) In an action brought under the Fatal Accidents

Acts, 1846 to 1908, damages may be awarded in respect

of the funeral expenses of the deceased person if such

expenses have been incurred by the parties for whose

benefit the action is brought.

(4) This section shall not apply in relation to any

action in respect of the death of any person before the

commencement of this Act.

3.—(1) In any proceedings tried in any court of

record for the recovery of any debt or damages, the court

may, if it thinks fit, order that there shall be included in

the sum for which judgment is given interest at such rate

as it thinks fit on the whole or any part of the debt or

damages for the whole or any part of the period between

the date when the cause of action arose and the date of the

judgment:

Provided that nothing in this section—-

(a) shall authorise the giving of interest upon

interest; or

(b) shall apply in relation to any debt upon which

interest is payable as of right whether by

virtue of any agreement or otherwise; or

(c) shall affect the damages recoverable for the

dishonour of a bill of exchange.

(2) Sections twenty-eight and twenty-nine of the

3 &4 Will. 4. Civil Procedure Act, 1833, shall cease to have effect.

o. 42.

Short title 4.— (I) This Act may be cited as the Law Reform

and extent. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or

Northern Ireland.

Power of

courts of

record to

award

interest on

debts and

damages.

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

339

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to regulate the hours of employment of

persons under the age of eighteen years who are

employed about the business of wholesale or retail

shops or employed elsewhere in connection with

wholesale or retail trade or business, and to make

provision as to the arrangements in shops and

warehouses for the health and comfort of

workers, and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Employment of Persons under the age of Eighteen Years.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act no

young person shall be employed about the business of a

shop for more than the normal maximum working hours,

that is to say, forty-eight working hours in any week.

(2) On occasions of seasonal or exceptional pressure

of work at any shop, young persons between the ages of

sixteen and eighteen years may, subject as hereinafter

provided, and subject to the provisions of any other

enactment, be employed about the business of the shop

overtime, that is to say, in excess of the normal

maximum working hours:

Provided that in the case of any shop—

(a) when in any year there have been six

weeks (whether consecutive or not) in which

young persons have been employed overtime about the business of the shop, no

young person shall be so employed during the

remainder of that year;

(b) no young person shall be employed overtime

about the business of the shop—

(i) in any year after he has been

employed overtime about the business of

Hours of

employment.

340 Ch. 42. Shops Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

the shop for fifty working hours in that

year;

(ii) in any week after he has been

employed overtime about the business of the shop for twelve working hours in that

week.

(3) In determining for the purposes of this Act the

number of working hours for which a young person has

in any week or period of two or of three consecutive

weeks been employed about the business of any shop,

he shall be deemed to have been also employed about

the business thereof during any time during which he

was in that week or period employed about the business

of any other shop or in a factory or workshop:

Provided that, if in any proceedings against the

occupier of a shop in respect of a contravention of the

provisions of this Act it is shown that the contravention

occurred only by reason of time during which a young

person was employed by another employer being deemed,

in accordance with the provisions of this subsection, to

be time during which he was employed about the business

of that shop, it shall be a defence to prove that the

occupier did not know and could not with reasonable

diligence have ascertained that the young person was

employed for that time by the other employer.

(4) No young person who has to the knowledge of the occupier of a shop been previously employed on any

day in a factory or workshop shall be employed on that

day about the business of the shop for a longer period

than will, together with the time during which he has

been previously employed on that day in the factory or

workshop, complete the number of hours permitted by

the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1901 to 1929.

(5) In the case of any contravention of the provisions

of this section, the occupier of the shop shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

ten pounds for every person in respect of whom the

contravention occurs.

2. — (1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that it

is necessary to make provision for preventing the hours

of employment of young persons from being so divided into

spells as to deprive them of reasonable opportunities for

instruction and recreation, he may make regulations

directing that, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be provided by the regulations, the working

Power to

regulate

employment in

spella.

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

341

hours of a young person employed shall (notwithstanding

anything in the definition of the expression ‘ working

hours’contained in this Act) be deemed, for the

purposes of this Act, to include the period from the time

at which that person first begins on any day to be

employed about the business of a shop until the time at

which he last ceases on that day to be so employed,

exclusive only—

(a) of such intervals, whether for rest or meals or

otherwise; and

(b) of time allowed for attendance at such instructional courses,

as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) Any regulations made under this section shall

be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they

are made, and if either House of Parliament within the

next subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House

has sat after any such regulation has been laid before

it resolves that the regulation shall be annulled, the

regulation shall forthwith be void, but without prejudice

to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or

to the making of a new regulation.

3. —(1) A young person who is employed about the

business of a shop shall in every period of twenty-four

hours between midday on one day and midday on the

next day be allowed an interval of at least eleven

consecutive hours which shall include the hours from ten

o’clock in the evening until six o’clock in the morning:

Provided that the said interval of eleven consecutive

hours need not include the hour between five and

six o’clock in the morning in the case of male persons

between the ages of sixteen and eighteen years who are

employed during that hour in connection with the

collection or delivery of milk or bread or newspapers.

(2) In the case of any contravention of the provisions

of this section, the occupier of the shop shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

ten pounds for every person in respect of whom the

contravention occurs.

4. The foregoing provisions of this Act and the pro *

visions thereof relating to records and the supplementary

provisions thereof shall extend to the employment of

young persons in connection with any retail trade or

Restrictions

on night

employment.

Extension

of foregoing

provisions

to retail

trading

342

elsewhere

than in

shops.

Special

provisions

as to the

catering

trade.

Ch. 42. Shops Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

business carried on in any place not being a shop,

and, accordingly, in those provisions, references to

employment about the business of a shop shall be deemed

to include references to such employment as aforesaid, and,

for the purposes of the application of the said provisions

to such employment, references in this Act to a shop shall

be deemed to include references to the place in or from

which the retail trade or business is carried on, and

references to the occupier of a shop shall be deemed to

include references to the person by whom the retail trade

or business is carried on.

5.—(1) The occupier of any shop in which there is

carried on the business of serving meals, intoxicating

liquors, or refreshments to customers for consumption on

the premises may, by exhibiting a notice to that effect,

secure that the provisions of this subsection will, during

a period of two consecutive weeks specified in the notice,

be applicable to that shop, and when such a notice has

been duly exhibited in the prescribed form and in the

prescribed manner and at such time before the period

therein specified as may be prescribed, then—

(a) a young person between the ages of sixteen and

eighteen years whose employment is wholly or

mainly in connexion with the said business,

shall be deemed, for the purposes of section one

of this Act, not to be employed about the business of the shop in excess of the normal maximum

working hours in either week of the period

specified in the notice, if he is employed about

the business thereof neither for more than sixty

working hours in either week nor for more than

ninety-six hours throughout the period; and

(b) the provisions of the said section one permitting

employment overtime shall not apply during

the period specified in the notice in relation to

young persons whose employment is such as

aforesaid:

Provided that after the provisions of this subsection have been applicable to any shop during twelve

such periods beginning in any calendar year, the said

provisions shall not again be applicable to the shop in

that year.

(2) If the occupier of any shop gives notice that

he elects that the provisions of this subsection shall

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

C a. 42.

343

not be applicable to that shop, then, unless and until

the notice is withdrawn, the said provisions shall not

be applicable thereto, but as respects business carried

on at any shop to which the said provisions are not so

rendered inapplicable, proviso (a) to subsection (2) of

section one of this Act shall not apply to the overtime

employment of persons whose employment is wholly or

mainly in connection with the business of serving meals,

intoxicating liquors, or refreshments to customers for

consumption on the premises, and, if other business is

carried on in the shop, the overtime employment of

persons in relation to whom this subsection applies shall

not be taken into account for the purposes of the

application of the said proviso in relation to other

young persons:

Provided that, while the provisions of this subsection are applicable to a shop, section one of this Act shall, in relation to any young person so employed

in connection with the business aforesaid, have effect

as if in proviso (6) to -subsection (2) thereof there were

inserted the following additional paragraph, that is

to say—

(iii) in any period of two consecutive weeks

so that he is employed overtime about the

business of the shop for more than eight working

hours in that period.

(3) A notice given under the last foregoing subsection with respect to any shop, and a notice withdrawing any such notice as aforesaid, shall be given in

such form, in such manner, and subject to such

conditions as may be prescribed, to the local authority

whose duty it is to enforce the foregoing provisions of this Act within the district in which the shop is situated,

and any such notice shall take effect on such date after

it is given as may be prescribed.

(4) As respects male persons between the ages of

sixteen and eighteen years whose employment is wholly

or mainly in connexion with the business of serving

meals to customers for consumption on the premises,

the interval of at least eleven consecutive hours required

by section three of this Act need not include any time

between ten o’clock in the evening and midnight during

which they are wholly employed in connection with that

business.

344

Ch. 42.

Shops Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

2 & 3 Gee. 5.

c. 24.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

Special

provisions

as to the

sale of

accessories

for aircraft,

motor

vehicles

and cycles.

(5) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one

of the Shops Act, 1913, shall cease to have effect as respects

young persons to whom the provisions of this Act apply.

(6) The provisions of this Act shall not apply to

any person employed in a residential hotel who is

not a shop assistant within the meaning of section

nineteen of the Shops Act, 1912, or, in the case of a

person employed at premises to which the provisions

of the Shops Act, 1913, apply, is not wholly or mainly

employed there in connection with the business of selling

intoxicating liquors or refreshments for consumption on

the premises.

6 . — (1)If the occupier of any shop in which there

is carried on the business of serving customers with

supplies or accessories for aircraft, motor vehicles, or cycles

sold for immediate use gives notice that he elects that

the provisions of this subsection shall be applicable to

that shop, then, unless and until the notice is withdrawn,

in relation to young persons between the ages of sixteen

and eighteen years employed in connection with the

business aforesaid, the normal maximum working hours

shall, instead of being forty-eight working hours in any

week, be such number of hours, being neither more

than fifty-four in any week nor more than one hundred

and forty-four in any period of three consecutive weeks,

as may be specified in the notice, and section one of this Act shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that, while the provisions of this subsection

are applicable to a shop, section one of this Act shall in

relation to any young person employed in connection

with the business aforesaid have effect as if in proviso (b)

to subsection (2) thereof there were inserted the following

additional paragraphs, that is to say—

(iii a) in any week after he has been employed

about the business of the shop for fifty-four

working hours in that week;

(iii b) in any period of three consecutive weeks

so that he is employed overtime about the

business of the shop for more than twelve working

hours in that period.

(2) If the occupier of any shop gives notice that he

elects that the provisions of this subsection shall not be

applicable to that shop then, unless and until the notice

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

345

is withdrawn, the said provisions shall not be applicable

thereto, but as respects business carried on at any shop

to which the said provisions are not so rendered inapplicable, proviso (a) to subsection (2) of section one of this Act shall not apply to the employment of persons

employed in connection with the business of serving

customers wdth supplies or accessories for aircraft,

motor vehicles or cycles sold for immediate use, and,

if other business is carried on in the shop, the overtime

employment of persons in relation to whom this subsection applies shall not be taken into account for the

purposes of the application of the said proviso in relation

to any other young persons:

Provided that, while the provisions of this subsection

are applicable to a shop, section one of this Act shall,

in relation to any young person employed in connection

with the business aforesaid, have effect as if in proviso (b)

to subsection (2) thereof there were inserted the following

additional paragraph, that is to say—

(iii b) in any period of three consecutive weeks

so that he is employed overtime about the business

of the shop for more than twelve working hours in

that period.

(3) A notice given under subsection (1) or under

subsection (2) of this section with respect to any shop

and a notice withdrawing any such notice as aforesaid

shall be given in such form, in such manner, and subject

to such conditions as may be prescribed, to the local

authority whose duty it is to enforce the foregoing

provisions of this Act within the district in which the

shop is situated, and any such notice shall take effect

on such date after it is given as may be prescribed.

(4) Where two or more retail trades or businesses

are carried on in the same shop and the business of

serving customers with supplies or accessories for aircraft, motor vehicles, or cycles sold for immediate use,

is not the principal retail trade or business carried on in

the shop, the provisions of this section shall apply only

in relation to young persons employed about the business of the shop who are wholly or mainly employed in

connection with the business of serving customers with

such supplies or accessories as aforesaid.

7. — (1) The occupier of any shop about the business Records,

of which young persons are employed shall in the

346

Ch. 42.

Shops Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

prescribed form and in the prescribed manner keep a

record of the hours worked by, and of the intervals

allowed for rest and meals to, every young person employed about the business of the shop, and particulars

of all employment overtime shall be separately entered

in the record:

Provided that, if the occupier of any shop keeps

exhibited in the prescribed manner in the shop or in

any department thereof notices in the prescribed form

specifying the daily hours to be worked by, and

intervals for rest and meals to be allowed to, young

persons employed about the business of the shop or of the department, as the case may be, he need only enter

in the said record any time during which any such

person is employed about the business of the shop or

department outside the daily hours so specified or during

the intervals so specified, so, however, that any such

time shall be entered as, and shall be deemed to be, overtime, unless the time was worked by that person in lieu

of time not worked by him during the same week within

the specified daily hours, and both the time not so

worked and the time worked in lieu thereof are entered

in the record.

(2) The occupier of any shop about the business

of which young persons are employed shall in the

prescribed form and in the prescribed manner keep

exhibited in the shop notices setting forth the number

of hours in the week during which young persons may

in accordance with the provisions of this Act be

employed about the business of the shop and such

other particulars as may be prescribed.

(3) The provisions of the last foregoing subsection

shall not apply as respects any place in which retail trade

or business is carried on, not being a shop.

(4) In the case of any contravention of the foregoing

provisions of this section, the occupier of the shop shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

five pounds for every day on which the contravention

occurs or continues.

(5) If any person with intent to deceive makes, or

causes or allows to be made, in any such record or

notice as aforesaid an entry which is to his knowledge

false in any material particular, or wilfully omits or causes

or allows to be omitted from any such record or notice an

entry required to be made therein he shall be liable on

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

347

summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

8. The foregoing provisions of this Act shall not

apply to the employment of persons in or about a

theatre except in relation to young persons employed

wholly or mainly in connection with any retail trade

or business carried on in the theatre; and the said

provisions shall, in their application to such young

persons, be subject to the modification that, in the case

of a person between the ages of sixteen and eighteen

years employed in a theatre where a performance is

taking place which begins before and ends after ten

o’clock in the evening, the interval of at least eleven

consecutive hours required by section three of this Act

need not include any time between ten o’clock in the

evening and the time at which the performance ends.

9. —(1) For the purposes of the provisions of section

one of the Shops Act, 1912, and of the First Schedule to

that Act, every young person who is wholly or mainly

employed about the business of a shop or in connection

with any retail trade or business carried on in any place

not being a shop shall be deemed to be a " shop

assistant, " and in those provisions and in this section

that expression shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Subsection(l) of the said section one (which relates

to weekly half-holidays) shall not apply to any young

person in any week unless he is employed as a shop

assistant for more than twenty-five hours in that week

and shall not apply to the employment of any young

person in a theatre in any week (notwithstanding that

he may be employed as a shop assistant for more than

twenty-five hours in that week) if he is not employed

in the theatre before midday on any day in that week.

(3) If in any proceedings against any person in

respect of a contravention of the provisions of subsection (1) of the said section one in relation to any

young person it is shown that the young person was not

so employed by him in the week in which the contravention occurred as to render that subsection applicable

to the young person, it shall be a defence to prove that

he did not know, and could not with reasonable diligence

Special

provision

as to

theatres.

Weekly

half-holidays and

intervals

for meals.

348

Shops Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Ch. 42.

have ascertained, that the young person was also employed in that week as a shop assistant by some other

employer.

(4) In the application of the provisions of section

one of the Shops Act, 1912, and of the First Schedule to

that Act, to young persons, the expression "shop "

shall have the same meaning as in this Act, and those

provisions shall, in their application to persons employed

in connection with any retail trade or business carried on

in any place not being a shop, have effect subject to the

following modifications, that is to say, —

(a) subsection (2) of the said section one (which

relates to the posting of notices) shall not

apply;

(b) references to " employment about the business

of a shop " shall be deemed to include

references to employment*in connection with

any retail trade or business carried on in any

place not being a shop, references to " a shop "

shall be deemed to include a reference to the

place in or from which the retail trade or business

is carried on, and references to " the occupier

of a shop " shall be deemed to include

references to the person by whom the retail

trade or business is carried on.

(5) The First Schedule to the Shops Act, 1912, shall,

in the application thereof to young persons, have effect

as if for the words "six hours " there were substituted

the words "five hours or, on the day of the week on

" which he is not to be employed after half-past one

" o’clock, five and a half hours."

Provisions

as to

sanitary

or other

arrangements in

shops.

Arrangements for Health and Comfort of Shop Workers.

10.—(1) In every part of a shop in which persons

are employed about the business of the shop—

(a) suitable and sufficient means of ventilation shall

be provided and suitable and sufficient ventilation shall be maintained;

(b) suitable and sufficient means shall be provided

to maintain a reasonable temperature and a

reasonable temperature shall be maintained.

(2) In every shop, not being a shop exempted from

the provisions of this subsection, there shall be provided

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

349

and maintained suitable and sufficient sanitary conveniences available for the use of persons employed in

or about the shop.

(3) In every part’ of a shop in which persons are

employed about the business of the shop, suitable and

sufficient means of lighting shall be provided, and every

such part of a shop shall be kept suitably and sufficiently

lighted.

(4) In every shop, not being a shop exempted from

the provisions of this subsection, there shall be provided

and maintained suitable and sufficient washing facilities

available for the use of persons employed in or about the

shop.

(5) Where persons employed about the business of

a shop take any meals in the shop, there shall be

provided and maintained suitable and sufficient facilities

for the taking of those meals.

(6) A shop shall be exempted from the provisions

of subsection (2) or of subsection (4) of this section

if there is in force a certificate exempting that shop

therefrom granted by the authority whose duty it is to

enforce those provisions, respectively, and any such

certificate shall remain in force until it is withdrawn by

the authority, but no such certificate shall be granted

with respect to any shop unless the authority are satisfied

that by reason of restricted accommodation or other

special circumstances affecting the shop it is reasonable

that such a certificate should be in force with respect

thereto, and that suitable and sufficient sanitary conveniences or washing facilities, as the case may be,

are otherwise conveniently available, and, subject as

hereinafter provided, a certificate in force with respect

to any shop shall be withdrawn if the authority at

any time cease to be so satisfied as aforesaid:

Provided that, if the occupier of a shop is aggrieved

by the withdrawal of such a certificate, he may appeal

to the county court for the district in which the shop

is situated and that court may make such order concerning

the certificate as appears to the court, having regard to

the matters aforesaid, to be just and equitable.

(7) If it appears to the authority whose duty it is

to enforce any provision of this section that there has

been, in the case of any shop, a contravention of that

provision, the authority shall, by notice served on the

350

Ch. 42.

Shops Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Apportionment of

expenses.

Amendment

of 2&3

Geo. 5. s. 3.

owner or occupier of the shop, require him to take,

within such time as may he limited by the notice, such

action as may be specified in the notice for the purpose

of securing compliance with the said provision, and, if any

person served with such a notice fails to comply with the

requirements thereof, he shall he liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or

in the case of a second or subsequent conviction in

respect of the same requirement, to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds or five pounds for every day since the first

conviction in respect of that requirement, whichever is

the greater:

Provided that it shall be a defence to any proceedings under this subsection to prove that there was

no contravention of the provisions of this section, or

that the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid were, within a reasonable time after service

of the notice, complied with in so far as they were

necessary to secure compliance with the provisions of this section.

11. If any person, being either the owner or the

occupier of a shop, who has incurred or is about to

incur any expense for the purpose of securing that

the requirements of the last foregoing section are

complied with with respect to the shop, alleges that

the whole or any part of the expense ought to be

borne by any other person having an interest in the

premises, he may apply to the county court for the

district in which the shop is situated and that court may

make such order eoricerning the expenses or their apportionment as appears to the court, having regard to all

the circumstances of the case, including the terms of any

contract between the parties, to be just and equitable,

and any order made under this section may direct that

any such contract as aforesaid shall cease to have effect

in so far as it is inconsistent with the terms of the

order.

12 . Subsection (1) of section three of the Shops Act,

1912 (which relates to the provision of seats for female

shop assistants), shall have effect as if there were inserted

at the end thereof the words "and it shall be the duty

" of the occupier of the shop to permit the female shop

" assistants so employed to make use of such seats

" whenever the use thereof does not interfere with their

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

351

" work, and the occupier shall in the prescribed manner

" and in the prescribed form give notice informing such

" shop assistants that they are intended to do so."

S upplemenlary.

13.—(1) Sections thirteen and fourteen of the Shops Enforce-

Act, 1912, which relate to the enforcement of that Act, ment.

shall apply with respect to the provisions of this Act

as they apply with respect to the provisions of that Act,

save that in the said sections the word "shop " shall, in

their application with respect to the provisions of this Act,

have the same meaning as in this Act and shall, in relation to the provisions of this Act which apply to retail

trade or business carried on in any place not being a

shop, include a reference to any such place:

Provided that the said sections shall not apply—

(a) with respect to the provisions of this Act in

their application to street trading;

(b) with respect to the provisions of this Act

relating to ventilation and temperature of

shops and to sanitary conveniences.

(2) It shall be the duty of the local authority having

power under the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, 23 & 24

to enforce the provisions of that Act as to street trading Geo. 5. c. 12.

to enforce, as part of their duties under that Act, the

provisions of this Act. in their application to street

trading.

(3) It shall be the duty of the sanitary authority for

every district as part of their duties under the Public

Health Acts to enforce the provisions of this Act relating

to ventilation and temperature of shops, and to sanitary

conveniences, and any inspector appointed by such an

authority shall for the purposes of his powers and duties

have in relation to shops all the powers conferred in

relation to factories and workshops on inspectors by

section one hundred and nineteen of the Factory and l Edw. 7.

Workshop Act, 1901, and that section and section one c. 22.

hundred and twenty-one of the same Act shall apply

accordingly.

(4) Notwithstanding that the provisions of this Act relating to ventilation and temperature of shops and

to sanitary conveniences are not enforceable by local

authorities under the provisions of the Shop Act, 1912,

it shall nevertheless be the duty of inspectors ‘appointed

352

Ch. 42.

Shops Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to birth

certificates,

Interpretation and

saving.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 55.

under that Act to take note of and if necessary report to

the sanitary authority for the district any contravention

of the said provisions of this Act, and for that purpose

the provisions of section thirteen of the Shops Act, 1912,

relating to such inspectors shall apply accordingly.

14. Where the age of any person is required to

be ascertained or proved for the purposes of this Act,

any person shall, on presenting a written requisition

in such form and containing such particulars as may be

from time to time directed by the Registrar-General

and on payment of a fee of sixpence, be entitled to obtain

a certified copy under the hand of a registrar or

superintendent registrar of the entry in the register

under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to

1929, of the birth of that person; and such a form of

requisition shall on request be supplied without charge

by every registrar and superintendent registrar of

births, deaths and marriages.

15. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Contravention " in relation to any provision

includes any failure to comply with that

* provision:

" Enactment " includes any Act, and any rule,

regulation, byelaw or order made under any

Act:

" Factory " and " workshop " have respectively the

same meanings as in the Factory and Workshop

Act, 1901:

" Owner, " in relation to any premises, has the same

meaning as in the Public Health Act, 1875:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made

under section seventeen of the Shops Act, 1912:

"Public Health Acts" means the Public Health

Acts, 1875 to 1932, or the Public Health

(London) Acts, 1891 to 1932, as the case

may be:

"Residential hotel" means premises used for the

reception of guests and travellers desirous of

dwelling or sleeping therein:

" Sanitary authority " means, save as respects

London, the council of a county borough or

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

353

county district, and as respects London the

sanitary authority for the purposes of the Public 54 & 55 Vict.

Health (London) Act, 1891: 76

" Shop" means a shop as defined by the Shops Act,

1912, and any wholesale shop and includes any

warehouse occupied for the purposes of his trade

by any person carrying on any retail trade or

business or by any wholesale dealer or

merchant:

" Suitable and sufficient " means, in relation to any

shop or part of a shop, suitable and sufficient

having regard to the circumstances and conditions affecting that shop or part:

" Theatre " includes any place used for the exhibition

of pictures or other optical effects by means of

a cinematograph or other suitable apparatus

and any music hall or other similar place of

entertainment; and " performance " has a

corresponding meaning:

" Wholesale shop" means premises occupied by a

wholesale dealer or merchant where goods are

kept for sale wholesale to customers resorting

to the premises:

" Working hours" means the time during which

the persons employed are at the disposal of the

employer, exclusive of any intervals allowed for

rest and meals; and " hours worked " has a

corresponding meaning:

" Year" means the period between midnight on the

last Saturday night in the month of December

and midnight on the last Saturday night in the

next month of December:

" Young person " does not include a child whose

employment is regulated by section eighteen

of the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933,

but save as aforesaid means a person who has

not attained the age of eighteen years;

and, save as in this Act otherwise expressly provided,

expressions defined by the Shops Act, 1912, have the

same meanings as in that Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Act a person who

works about the business of a shop for the occupier

thereof or in connection with any retail trade or business

Z

354

Ch. 42.

Shops Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

for the person by whom it is carried on, shall be deemed

to be employed, notwithstanding that he receives no

reward for his labour.

(3) For the purposes of this Act a person shall be

deemed to be between any two ages therein mentioned

if he has attained the first-mentioned age but has not

attained the second-mentioned age.

(4) For the purposes of this Act employment in

connection with a wholesale shop or a warehouse occupied

by a wholesale dealer or merchant which is neither—

(a) employment within the premises, nor

(b) employment in the collection or delivery of

goods or in attendance upon customers or in

carrying messages or running errands,

shall not be deemed to be employment about the business

of a shop; but, save as aforesaid, any employment in

the service of the occupier of a shop upon any work,

whether within the shop or outside it, which is ancillary

to the business carried on at the shop shall be deemed

to be employment about the business of the shop, and

that expression shall be construed accordingly.

(5) Except the provisions of subsection (3) and

subsection (4) of section one of this Act in so far as they

relate to employment in a factory or workshop, nothing

in this Act shall apply with respect to the employment

of persons whose hours of employment are regulated by

or under the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1901 to 1929.

Temporary

modifications of

limitations

imposed by

Act on

working

hours.

16. Until the twenty-seventh day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, the provisions of this Act

mentioned in the first column of the Schedule to this Act

shall have effect as if for the references therein mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule there were respectively substituted the references mentioned in the fourth

column thereof:

Provided that where a period of two or of three

consecutive weeks specified in a notice exhibited or given

as respects any shop under subsection (1) of section five,

or under subsection (1) of section six of this Act

comprises the twenty-sixth day of December, nineteen

hundred and thirty-six, then, as respects that shop, the

substituted references in that subsection which are

mentioned in the said Schedule shall continue to have

effect until the expiration of that period.

1934.

Shops Act, 1934.

Ch. 42.

355

17. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to

the following modifications :—

(a) For any reference to a county court there shall

be substituted a reference to a sheriff court,

and the expression "exciseable liquors " shall

be substituted for the expression "intoxicating

liquor ":

(b) References to provisions of the Shops Act, 1912,

shall be construed as references to those provisions as applied to Scotland by section twenty

of that Act:

(c) For any reference to the Public Health Act,

1875, there shall be substituted a reference to

the Publjp Health (Scotland) Act, 1897:

(d) For any reference to section eighteen of the

Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, there

shall be substituted a reference to sections

forty-three and forty-four of the Children and

Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1932:

(e) Subsection (2) of section thirteen shall have

effect as if for the local authority and the

provisions of the Children and Young Persons

Act, 1933, therein mentioned there were respectively substituted references to the local authority for the purposes of the Shops Act, 1912, and

the provisions of that Act; and paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section

shall not apply:

(f) Subsections (3) and (4) of section thirteen shall

have effect as if for references to the Public

Health Acts and the sanitary authority there

were respectively substituted references to the

Public Health (Scotland) Acts, 1897 to 1907, and

the local authority for the purposes of these

Acts (other than the provisions thereof mentioned in the First Schedule to the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1929):

(g) Section fourteen shall have effect as if for references to the Registrar-General and the Births

and Deaths Registration Acts 1836 to 1929

there were respectively substituted references to

the Registrar-General for Scotland and the

Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Acts,

1854 to 1934, and as if any reference to a

superintendent registrar were omitted.

Application

to Scotland.

60 & 61

Vict. c. 38.

22 &23

Geo. 5. c. 47.

19 & 20

Geo. 6. c. 25.

356

Ch. 42.

Short title,

citation,

extent and

repeal.

Section 10.

Shops Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

18, —(1) This Act may be cited as the Shops Act,

1934, and this Act and the Shops Acts, 1912 to 1928, may

be cited together as the Shops Acts, 1912 to 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) Section two of the Shops Act, 1912, is hereby

repealed.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the

thirtieth day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four.

SCHEDULE.

Temporary Modification of References to

Working Hours.

Provision

of Act.

Subject matter.

Section one

Hours of employment.

Subsection (1)

of section

five.

Subsection (2)

of section

five.

Subsection (1)

of section

six.

Subsection (2)

of section

six.

Special provisions

as to the catering

trade.

Special provisions

as to the catering

trade.

Special provisions

as to the sale of

accessories for

aircraft, motor-

vehicles, and

cycles.

Special provisions

as to the sale of

accessories for

aircraft, motor-

vehicles, and

cycles.

References for

which

substitution is to

be made.

Substituted

references.

48 working hours

50 working hours

12 working hours

96 working hours

52 working hours.

24 working hours.

8 working hours.

104 working hours.

8 working hours

4 working hours.

48 working hours

54 working hours

144 working hours

12 working hours

52 working hours.

68 working hours.

156 working hours.

0 working hours.

12 working hours

6 working hours.

1934.

National Maritime

Museum Act, 1934.

Ch. 43.

357

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to make provision for the establishment of a

National Maritime Museum and for the addition

of certain lands to Greenwich Park, and for

purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There shall be established a National

Maritime Museum (in this Act referred to as " the

Museum "), and, subject to the provisions of this Act,

the buildings on the land vested by virtue of this Act in

the Commissioners of Works shall be used for the purposes

of the Museum.

(2) The land specified in the First Schedule to this Act (being land which immediately before the commencement of this Act was vested in the Admiralty in trust

for His Majesty for the exclusive benefit of Greenwich

Hospital) shall, by virtue of this Act, vest in the Commissioners of Works and shall be under their control and

management as part of Greenwich Park.

(3) The Commissioners of Works shall make such

alterations as may be necessary to adapt any buildings

on the land aforesaid for use for the purposes of the

Museum and for those purposes shall have power from

time to time to reconstruct any such buildings or to

demolish such buildings and construct new buildings, and

the said Commissioners shall at all times maintain any

buildings on the said land in a proper condition for the

said purposes.

(4) If at any time the Commissioners of Works by

order declare that the buildings on the said land have

ceased to be used for the purposes of the Museum,

the said land shall thereupon revert to the Admiralty

and shall be held by them in trust for His Majesty for the

exclusive benefit of Greenwich Hospital in like manner as

if this Act had not been passed.

Establishment of

National

Maritime

Museum and

addition to

Greenwich

Park.

358 Ch. 43. National Maritime 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Museum Act, 1934.

(5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this

section shall authorise the demolition of the ancient

monument consisting of the Queen’s House and the

colonnades on the east and west sides thereof, and the

use for the purposes of the Museum of any buildings

forming part of that monument shall he subject to any

directions given by the Commissioners in their capacity

as guardians thereof.

2.—(1) For the purpose of managing the Museum

there shall be established a Board of trustees (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") who shall be a body

corporate by the name of the Trustees of the National

Maritime Museum with perpetual succession and a

common seal.

(2) The Board shall be constituted and their proceedings shall be determined in accordance with the

provisions contained in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(3) The Board shall have the general management

and control of the Museum and for that purpose may—

(a) make such regulations as they think necessary for

securing the due administration of the Museum

and preserving the objects collected therein,

including regulations requiring payment to be

made for admission to the Museum;

(b) exchange, sell or otherwise dispose of any

duplicate objects vested in them for the purposes

of the Museum, and with the consent of the

Treasury exchange, sell or otherwise dispose of

any objects so vested which the Board consider

to be not required for the purposes of the

Museum;

(c) with any moneys which, in accordance with the

provisions of this Act, are available for the

purpose, purchase any object which in the

opinion of the Board it is desirable to acquire

for the Museum;

(d) on such terms and subject to such conditions

as the Board think fit lend any objects vested in

them for the purposes of the Museum to any

gallery, museum or exhibition approved for the

purposes of this provision by the Treasury;

Establishment of

Board of

trustees

and duties

of the

Board.

1934.

National Maritime

Museum Act, 1934.

Ch. 43.

359

(e) subject to the consent of the Treasury transfer or

lend to any Government Department or to the

trustees or other persons having the management of any gallery, museum or other institution

in Great Britain which is in receipt of moneys

provided by Parliament, any objects vested in

the Board for the purposes of the Museum which,

in the opinion of the Board, would more properly

be under the control or management of that

Department or of those trustees or other persons,

as the case may be;

(f) subject to the provisions of this Act, do such

other tilings as appear to them necessary or

expedient for furthering the interests and

increasing the utility of the Museum:

Provided that the powers conferred by this section

of selling or otherwise disposing of, or lending or transferring, any object, shall not be exercised in any manner

inconsistent with any condition attached to any gift or

bequest by virtue or in consequence of which that object

was vested in the Board for the purposes of the Museum.

3. All objects—

(a) which at the time of the constitution of the

Board form part of the Naval Museum of the

Royal Naval College at Greenwich;

(b) which immediately before the constitution of the Board are vested by virtue of the deeds

referred to in the first column of the Third

Schedule to this Act in all or any of the

trustees named in the second column of that

Schedule;

(c) which are expressly given or bequeathed to

the public or to the nation or to the Board

for the purposes of the Museum;

(d) which are given or bequeathed by words

showing an intention that the gifts should

inure to, or for the benefit of the Museum;

(e) which are acquired by purchase or otherwise

for the purposes of the Museum;

shall vest in the Board and be held by the Board for the

purposes of the Museum.

Vesting in

the Board

of objects

given to,

acquired

for, or

transferred

to Museum

360 Ch. 43. National Maritime 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Museum Act, 1934.

Power of 4. If it appears to any Government Department or

other insti- to the trustees or other persons having the management

tutions to of any gallery, museum or other institution in Great

lend^b' 0I t Britain which is in receipt of moneys provided by

tcTthe J6C S Parliament, that any objects under the control or manage-

Museum. ment of the Department or of the trustees or other

persons respectively would more properly form part of the collection in the Museum, the Department, trustees

or other persons, as the case may be, may, with the

consent of the Treasury, either transfer those objects to

the Museum or lend them to the Board on such terms and

subject to such conditions as may be agreed between the

Department, trustees or other persons and the Board:

Provided that the powers conferred by this section

shall not be exercised in any manner inconsistent with

any condition attached to any gift or bequest by virtue

of which any object was placed under the control or

management of the Department, trustees or other persons

in question.

Staff. 5.—(l) There shall be a Director of the Museum who

shall be appointed by the Treasury and shall hold office

on such terms and subject to such conditions as the *

Treasury may direct, and shall, subject to the control

and direction of the Board, be charged with the care of the Museum and of the objects collected there.

(2) The Board may, subject to the consent of the

Treasury as to number and conditions of service, appoint

such officers and servants as the Board think fit; and

there shall be paid to the Director of the Museum and to

any officers so appointed such salaries or remuneration as

the Treasury may determine.

Financial 6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any

provisions, moneys received by the Board shall be payable into the

Exchequer.

(2) Any moneys received by the Board on the sale,

exchange or disposal of any objects vested in them for the

purposes of the Museum, and any moneys received by

the Board by way of gift or bequest, and such other

moneys received by the Board, if any, as the Treasury

may from time to time direct may, instead of being

payable into the Exchequer, be retained by the Board

and may be invested by them, and may, together with

1934.

National Maritime

Museum Act, 1934.

Ch. 43.

361

any interest thereon, be expended by the Board, as and

when they think fit, in the purchase of objects for the

Museum, or, with the consent of the Treasury, otherwise

for the purposes of the Museum:

Provided that no moneys received by the Board by

way of gift or bequest shall be expended by the Board in

any manner inconsistent with any condition attached to

the gift or bequest.

(3) Any expenses incurred by the Board in carrying

this Act into effect, including any salaries or remuneration

paid to the Director or to any officers appointed by the

Board shall, except so far as defrayed in accordance with

the provisions of subsection (2) of this section out of

moneys received by the Board, be defrayed out of moneys

provided by Parliament.

(4) Any expenses incurred by the Commissioners of

Works in carrying this Act into effect shall be defrayed

out of moneys provided by Parliament.

7. The provisions of the Charitable Trusts Acts,

1853 to 1925, shall not apply to the Museum.

8. This Act may be cited as the National Maritime

Museum Act, 1934.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Lands to be vested in the Commissioners of Works

AND USED FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MUSEUM.

All that land containing eleven and one half acres or thereabouts bounded as near as may be on the north by Romney

Road on the west by land now in the occupation of The Seaman’s

Hospital Society on the south by Greenwich Park and on the

east by Park Row in the parish of Greenwich in the county of

London together with all the buildings on the said land formerly

occupied by the Royal Hospital School.

Exemption of

Museum Iron:

Charitable

Trusts Acta.

Short title.

Section 1.

362

Ch. 43.

National Maritime 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Museum Act, 1934.

Section 2.

Section 3.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Constitution and Proceedings of the Board.

1. The Board shall consist of such persons as may be

appointed by the Treasury, and every member of the Board shall

hold office for such time as may be specified in his appointment.

2. Any person ceasing to be a member of the Board shall be

eligible for reappointment.

3. If a member of the Board becomes, in the opinion of the

Treasury, unfit to continue in office or incapable of performing his

duties, the Treasury shall forthwith declare his office to be vacant

and shall notify the fact in such maimer as the Treasury thinks

fit, and thereupon the office shall become vacant.

4. The powers of the Board may be exercised notwithstanding

any vacancy in their number.

5. The Board may make rules for regulating the proceedings,

including quorum, of the Board.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Deeds Relating to Certain Objects Transferred

from Trustees therein mentioned to

the Board.

Deeds.

Declaration of Trust dated the

fourteenth day of October,

nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, made in contemplation of the institution

of a museum for the public

exhibition of articles of naval

or nautical interest.

Trustees.

The Right Hon. James Richard

Earl Stanhope, D.S.O., M.C.

Admiral Sir George Price

Webley Hope, K.C.B.,

K.C.M.G.

Sir Lionel Earle, K.C.B.,

K.C.V.O., C.M.G.

Roger Charles Anderson, F.S.A.

Geoffrey Arthur Romaine Callender, F.S.A.

1934.

National Maritime

Museum Act, 1934.

Ch. 43.

363

Deeds.

Declaration of Trust dated the

seventeenth day of August,

nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, made in contemplation of the presentation of the collection known

as the Maepherson Collection

for retention in a museum for

the public exhibition of articles of naval or nautical

interest.

Agreement made the seventh

day of July, nineteen hundred

and thirty-one, between

Roger Charles Anderson,

F.S.A., and the trustees mentioned in the said agreement,

with respect to the Anderson

Collection described in the

schedule to the said agreement.

Trust Deed made the twenty-

eighth day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-one,

between John Durham Denis

de Vitre, ClerkinHoly Orders,

and the trustees mentioned

in the said deed, with respect

to the objects specified in the

schedule to the said deed.

Trustees.

Sir James Caird, Bart.

The Right Hon. James Richard

•Earl Stanhope, D.S.O., M.C.

Admiral Sir George Price

Webley Hope, K.C.B.,

K.C.M.G.

Sir Lionel Earle, K.C.B.,

K.C.V.O., C.M.G.

Roger Charles Anderson, F.S.A.

Geoffrey Arthur Romaine Callender, F.S.A.

The Right Hon. James Richard

Earl Stanhope, D.S.O., M.C.

Admiral Sir George Price

Webley Hope, K.C.B.,

K.C.M.G.

Sir Lionel Earle, K.C.B.,

K.C.V.O., C.M.G.

Roger Charles Anderson, F.S.A.

Geoffrey Arthur Romaine Callender, F.S.A.

Sir James Caird, Bart.

The Right Hon. James Richard

Earl Stanhope, D.S.O., M.C.

Admiral Sir George Price

Webley Hope, K.C.B.,

K.C.M.G.

Sir Lionel Earle, K.C.B.,

K.C.V.O., C.M.G.

Roger Charles Anderson, F.S.A.

Sir James Caird, Bart.

Geoffrey Arthur Romaine Callender, F.S.A.

3bd Sch.

— cont.

364

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service ^)f the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty-five, and to appropriate the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[31st July 1934.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your

Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

Gbant out of Consolidated Fund.

Issue of 1 . The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

£320, 149, 442 p U nd 0 f the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

Con soli 6 g°°d the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

dated Fund. of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty-five, the sum of

three hundred and twenty million one hundred and

forty-nine thousand four hundred and forty-two pounds.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole three hundred and

twenty million one hundred and forty-nine thousand

four hundred and forty-two pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section ’shall be a date not later than

Power for

the Treasury to

borrow.

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

365

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty-five and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 40 & 41 Vict.

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not c - 2 -

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later

than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the

money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fund is

available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge

for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grants.

4

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts Appropria-

mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of tion ofsums

the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the vote(l for

supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears e yser '

by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of five

hundred and twenty-nine million seventy-nine thousand

six hundred and seventy-five pounds, fifteen shillings and

sevenpence are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have

been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the

Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services

and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts 54 & 55 Vict,

and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in c. 24.

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

360

Ch. 44.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

Treasury 4.—(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on

may, in car- naval, military and air services respectively is not made

tain cases of excee d the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act

authorise’ f° r those services respectively, any surplus arising on any

expenditure vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum

unprovided realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote

for; pro- over the sum which may be applied under this Act as

vided that appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of ex-

gate grants penditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the

for the navy Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up

services, any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appro-

army ser- priations in aid of any other vote in the same department,

services re* or defraying expenditure in the same department

spectively which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to

be not ex- the service of the department by this Act, and which

ceeded. it, may be detrimental to the public service to postpone

until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

.application of a surplus under this section, and showing

the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval,

military and air services for the year, in order that any

temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the

sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose

by the Appropriation Act, 1932, surpluses arising on

certain votes for the navy, army and air services

respectively have been applied as shown in the statement

set out in Schedule (C) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses

as shown in the said statement is hereby sanctioned.

Declaration 6. — (1) A person shall not receive any payment out

required in of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act

certain cases f or half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-

effective services, until he has subscribed such declara-

sumlfappro- fi° n as ma y from time to time be prescribed by a warrant

priated.

Sanction

for navy,

army and air

expenditure

for 1932

unprovided

for.

22 & 23

Geo. 6. c. 50.

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

367

of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by

the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the

production of a declaration under this section in respect

of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within

a period of twelve calendar months preceding

the date of the payment, or such longer period

as the Treasury may in any particular case

allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who

has entered into an undertaking in such form

as may be approved by the Treasury with

respect to the notification of circumstances

coming to the knowledge of the banker which

might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the

purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in

any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Short title.

Appropriation Act, 1934.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) *tnd (B) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) SectioD 3 .

£ s. d.

- 529, 079.675 15 7

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

368

Ch. 44

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Section 3.

Sched. (B.)

Appropriations of

Grants.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1932 and 1933.

8.

d.

8.

d.

Part 1. Civil Depart-

ments Excesses,

1932

7, 366

15

7

938

10

1

, 2. Civil and Re-

venue Departments (Supplementary), 1933

2, 313, 167

0

0

15, 480

0

0

2, 320, 533

15

7

16, 418

10

1

1934

Part 3. Navy

56, 550,000

0

0

2, 084, 576

0

0

, 4. Army

39, 600,000

0

0

5, 773,000

0

0

Army (Ordnance

i

Factories) -

100

0

0

2, 692, 100

0

0

, 5. Air Force -

17, 561,000

0

0

2, 604, 600

0

0

113, 711, 100

0

0

13, 154, 276

0

0

Part 6. Civil, Class I

2, 066, 841

0

0

2, 926, 722

0

0

, 7. Civil, Class II -

8, 151, 026

0

0

697, 527

0

0

, 8. Civil, Class III -

16, 295, 805

0

0

2, 234, 673

0

0

, 9. Civil, Class IY -

53, 027, 695

0

0

5, 922, 273

0

0

, 10. Civil, Class V -

147, 883, 843

0

0

9, 752, 012

0

0

, 11. Civil, Class VI -

12, 130|478

0

0

3, 095, 455

0

0

, 12. Civil, Class VII -

8, 256, 279

0

0

1, 226, 790

0

0

, 13. Civil, Class VIII

46, 702, 855

0

0

14, 864

0

0

, 14. Civil, Class IX -

45, 454, 155

0

0

6, 458, 520

0

0

Total, Civil £

339, 974, 977

0

0

32, 328, 836

0

0

Part 15. Revenue De-

partmentB, &c. -

73, 073, 065

0

0

2, 950, 448

0

0

Grand Total £

529, 079, 675

15

7

48, 449, 978

10

1

1934

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

3G9

SCHEDULE (A.)

SCHED. (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the

31st day of March 1933—

Under Act 24 Geo. 5. c. 3 -

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1934—

Under Act 24 Geo. 5. c. 3 -

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1935—

.Under Act 24 Geo. 5. c. 3 -

Under this Act -

£ s. d.

7, 366 15 7

2, 313, 167 0 0

206, 609, 700 0 0

320, 149, 442 0 0

Total ---- 529, 079, 675 15 7

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 1.

Civil Departments Excesses, 1932.

Sums granted to make good Excesses on certain Grants

for Civil Departments for the year ended 31st March, 1933.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 1.

Civil

Departments

Excesses,

1932.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Class III.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

County Courts

10 0 0

938 10 1

Class VI.

Office of Commissioners

of Crown Lands -

82 14 9

Ministry of Agriculture

and Fisheries

7, 274 0 10

1

7, 366 15 7

938 10 1

370

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 2.

Civil and

Revenue

Departments

(Supplementary),

1933.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary),

1933.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for

the year ended on the 31st day of March 1934, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL.

Class I.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Most

Honourable Privy Council -

700

* -700

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Charity Commission for England and

Wales.

600

* -600

For the Salaries of the Office of the Lord

Privy Seal.

642

Class II.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs

10

11, 290

For a Contribution towards the Expenses

of the League of Nations and for other

expenses in connection therewith, including British Representation before

the Permanent Court of International

Justice ......

9,000

For sundry Dominion Services, including

certain Grants in Aid, and for expenditure in connection with Ex-Service

Men in the Irish Free State, and for a

Grant in Aid to the Irish Free State

in respect of Compensation to Transferred Officers ----

272,000

Carried forward - £

282, 952

9, 990

* Deficit.

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

371

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 2 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward -

282, 952

9, 990

For a grant to the Empire Marketing

Fund, including a Grant in Aid -

For a Contribution towards the Cost of the Department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in Council,

including a Grant in Aid, and a Grant

30,000

in Aid of the defence of India

Class III.

1, 501, 100

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Office of Land Registry -

Class VI.

For a Subsidy on Sugar and Molasses

manufactured from Beet grown in

10

6, 850

• Great Britain.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Ministry of Transport under the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919;

Expenses of the Railway Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921;

Expenses under the London Traffic

Act, 1924, and the London Passenger

Transport Act, 1933; Expenses in

respect of Advances under the Light

Railways Act, 1896; Expenses of

maintaining Holyhead Harbour, the

Caledonian Canal, Crinan Canal, and

Menai Bridge; Advances to meet

Deficit in Ramsgate Harbour Fund and

for Expenditure in connection with the

450,000

Severn Barrage Investigation -

10

10, 140

Carried forward - £

2, 264, 072

26, 980

SCHED. (B.)

Past 2.

Civil and

Revenue

Departments

(Supplementary),

1933.

372

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2.

Civil and

Revenue

Departments

(Supplementary),

1933,

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 2 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward -

2, 264, 072

26, 980

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Fishery Board for Scotland, including

Expenses of Marine Superintendence,

and a Grant in Aid of Piers or Quays -

1, 085

Class VII.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Office

of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Works and Public Buildings

28,000

* -12,000

Class VIII.

For Superannuation, Compensation,

Compassionate and Additional Allowances and Gratuities under sundry

Statutes; Compassionate Allowances,

Gratuities and Supplementary Pensions

atvarded by the Treasury and, under

the Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

by the Civil Service Committee -

20,000

Revenue Departments.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs and

Telephones.

10

500

Total, Civil and Revenue Departments £

2, 313, 167

15, 480

* Deficit.

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

373

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3.

NAVY.

Schedule oe Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1935; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For wages, &c., to 93, 222 officers,

seamen, and boys, and royal

marines, and civilians employed

on fleet services -

2. For victualling and clothing for

the navy, including the cost of

victualling establishments at

12, 633,000

51, 150

home and abroad -

3. For medical services, including the

cost of medical establishments at

3, 165, 700

616, 822

home and abroad -

306, 200

70, 255

4. For the fleet air arm -

1, 338,000

5. For educational services -

195, 800

61, 120

6. For scientific services ...

7. For the royal naval reserve, the

royal fleet reserve and the royal

461, 500

62, 960

naval volunteer reserve. &c.

8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c.,

at dockyards and naval yards at

348,000

190

home and abroad ...

, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&c., at dockyards and naval

6, 426,000

45, 258

yards at home and abroad -

, Sect. 3. For contract work for ship-

4, 844,000

533, 140

building, repairs, &c. -

9, 407, 500

34, 500

Carried forward - £

39, 185, 700

1, 475, 395

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Navy.

374

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

39, 185, 700

1, 475, 395

No.

9. For naval armaments ...

4, 053, 200

280, 685

10. For works, buildings and repairs at

home and abroad, including the

cost of superintendence, purchase

of sites, grants and other charges

connected therewith -

2, 277,000

212, 800

11. For various miscellaneous effective

services .

603, 300

59, 900

12. For the Admiralty Office

1, 089,000

11, 965

13. For non-effective services (naval

and marine)—officers -

3, 190,000

16, 058

14. For non-effective services (naval and

marine)—men -

5, 044,000

24, 860

15. For civil superannuation, compen-

sation allowances and gratuities -

1, 107, 800

2, 913

Total, Navy Services £

56, 550,000

2, 084, 576

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

375

SCHEDULE (B.)— Paet 4.

ARMY.

Schedule op Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on 31st day of March 1935; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of His Majesty’s

Army (to a number not exceeding

149, 500) at home and abroad

(exclusive of His Majesty’s Indian

Possessions other than Aden)

9, 478,000

2, 374,000

2. For the Army Reserve (to a number

not exceeding 119, 500), the Supplementary Reserve (to a number

not exceeding 24, 534), the Territorial Army (to a number not

exceeding 169, 559), the Officers ’

Training Corps, and Colonial

Militia, &c. ----

4, 724,000

39,000

3. For medical services -

910,000

36, 200

4. For educational establishments

844,000

121,000

5. For quartering and movements

1, 298,000

701,000

6. For supplies, road transport and

remounts ----

3, 895,000

279,000

7. For clothing ----

1, 025,000

100,000

8. For general stores -

1, 181,000

150,000

9. For warlike stores, including technical

establishments

3, 004,000

553,000

Carried forward - - £

26, 359,000

4, 353, 200

Sched. (B.)

Past 4.

Army.

376

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward ...

26, 359,000

4, 353, 200

No.

10. For works, buildings, and lands,

including military and civilian

staff and other charges in connection therewith -

3, 303,000

190,000

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

948,000

224,000

12. For the War Office ...

808,000

8,000

13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions and other non-

effective charges for officers -

3, 496,000

470, 100

14. For the Royal Hospital, Chelsea;

out-pensions, rewards for distinguished service, widows’ pensions,

and other non-effective charges for

warrant officers, non-commissioned

officers, men, &c.

4, 465,000

521,000

15. For civil superannuation, compensation and additional allowances,

gratuities, injury grants, &c.

221,000

6, 700

Total, Army Services - £

39, 600,000

5, 773,000

Army (Royal Ordnance Factories).

For the Royal ordnance factories, the

cost of productions of which will

be charged to the army, navy, air

force, &c..

100

2, 652, 100

Together with a sum to be transferred from the Supplies Suspense

Account .

40,000

Total Army Services'!

(including Ordnance >£

39, 600, 100

8, 465, 100

Factories) J

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

377

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 5.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1935, viz. :•—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of 31,000 of all

ranks of the Royal Air Force (exclusive of those serving in His

Majesty’s Indian Possessions,

other than Aden)

4, 210,000

588,000

2. For quartering, stores (except

technical), supplies and transportation

1, 490,000

90,000

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and research services) -

7, 220,000

1, 529,000

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and

lands, including civilian staff and

other charges connected therewith

1, 675,000

140,000

5. For medical services - |

295,000

17,000

6. For technical training and educational services -

373,000

11,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces (to a

number not exceeding 12, 750 of

all ranks of the Royal Air Force

Reserve, 527 of all ranks of the

Special Reserve and 1, 449 of all

ranks of the Auxiliary Air Force

and Auxiliary Air Force Reserve)

394,000

100

8. For Civil Aviation - -

513,000

160,000

9. For the meteorological and miscel- |

laneous effective services

341,000

26,000

10. For the Air Ministry -

657,000

5, 500

11. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

pensions, and other non-effective

services ----

393,000

38,000

Total Air Services - £

17, 561,000

2, 604, 600

SCHED. (B.)

Part 5.

Air.

378

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Civil.

Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 6.

CIVIL.— Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Ctvxl Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices of the House of Lords

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Commons (including a

50, 990

12, 080

supplementary sum of £9, 500)

3. For expenses under the Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to

338, 618

7, 500

1928 .

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury and subordinate depart-

255,000

ments ----

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s most

322, 227

10, 208

Honourable Privy Council -

6. For the salaries of the office of the

12, 336

3, 660

Lord Privy Seal - -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England

2, 698

and Wales -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

40, 325

2, 400

Civil Service Commission

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Comptroller

23, 044

38, 600

and Auditor General -

144, 360

7, 554

Carried forward - - £

1, 189, 498

82, 002

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

379

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 6 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

1, 189, 498

82, 002

No.

10. For making good the deficiency on

the Income Account of the Fund

for Friendly Societies -

5, 624

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Government

Actuary.

32, 425

2, 700

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Government

Chemist.

72, 756

680

13. For a grant in aid of the Government Hospitality Fund

6,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Import Duties Advisory Committee .

57, 265

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

Mint, including the expenses of

coinage (Imperial, Colonial and

Foreign), and the expenses of the

preparation of medals, dies for

postage and other stamps, and His

Majesty’s seals -

175,000

2, 781,000

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office -

1, 397

25, 260

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee

105, <559

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Hecord Office and of the

Office of Land Revenue Records

and Inrolments -

36, 837

560

19. For the salaries of the establishment

under the Public Works Loan

Commission and the expenses of the Commission -

100

20, 990

Carried forward £

1, 682, 261

2, 913, 192

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Civil.

Class I.

380

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 6.

Civil.

Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Past 6— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 682, 261

2, 913, 192

No.

20. For making the payment due to the

Local Loans Fund in respect of

advances in Northern Ireland

69,000

21. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &c.,

including provision for Shorthand;

and the expenses of surplus stores,

&c. liquidation -

34, 500

1, 110

22. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants in aid

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries ----

7, 033

10, 950

23. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services - -

180,000

24. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Office; expenses

under the Private Legislation

Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899;

a subsidy for transport services

to the Western Highlands and

Islands; a grant in lieu of

Land Tax; and contributions

towards the expenses of Probation and of Remand Homes -

86, 501

1, 470

25. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain Miscellaneous advances- -

7, 546

Total, Civil, Class I - £

2, 066, 841

2, 926, 722

I

1934.

Appropriat ion

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

381

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7. SCHTCD. (B.)

_ Part 7.

Civil.

Class II.

CIVIL.— Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

Affairs. 179, 248 107, 256

2. For the expenses in connection with

His Majesty’s embassies, missions

and consular establishments

abroad, and other expenditure

chargeable to the Consular Vote;

certain special grants and payments, including a grant in aid;

sundry services arising out of the

War; and a loan to the European

Commission of the Danube - 1, 296, 492 395, 554

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations

and for other expenses in connection therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice ---- 163, 400 —

Carried forward - £ 1, 639, 140 502, 810

382

Ch. 44. Appropriation

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 7 — continued.

Civil.

Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 639, 140

502, 810

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion

Affairs -

53, 618

4, 410

5. For Sundry Dominion services, including certain grants in aid, and

for expenditure in connection with

ex-service men in the Irish Free

State, and for a grant in aid to the

Irish Free State in respect of compensation to transferred officers

(including a supplementary sum

of £33,000).

695, 455

13, 956

6. In substitution for payments due

from the Government of the Irish

Free State .

2, 295, 224

7. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, and expenses

arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922 (including a supplementary sum of £20,000)

41, 725

22, 500

8. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the Colonies

148, 519

2, 351

9. For sundry Colonial and Middle

Eastern services under His

Majesty’s Secretary of State for the

Colonies, including certain non-

effective services and grants in aid

647, 800

151, 500

Carried forward - £

♦ 5, 521, 481

697, 527

1934. Appropriation Ch. 44.

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 7 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

5, 521, 481

697, 527

No.

10. For a grant in aid of the Colonial

Development Fund

500,000

11. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid

and a grant in aid of the defence of

India ----

1, 613, 374

I

12. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land

in the United Kingdom, and a

grant in aid of the Imperial War

Graves Commission Fund formed

under Royal Charter, 21 May

1917, and a contribution towards

an endowment fund -

516, 171

Total, Civil, Class II - £

8, 151, 026

697, 527

383

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil.

Class II.

384

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 8.

CIVIL.— Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Sebvices herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Home Department

and subordinate offices, including

liquidation expenses of the Royal

Irish Constabulary and contributions towards the expenses of

probation ----

2. For the expenses of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broad-

470, 573

50, 052

moor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the

Receiver for the Metropolitan

Police District; bonus to Metropolitan Police Magistrates; the

contribution towards the expenses

of the Metropolitan Police; the

salaries and expenses of the

Inspectors of Constabulary; and

other grants in respect of Police

Expenditure, including a grant

in aid of the Police Federation, and

a contribution towardstheexpenses

of the International Criminal

Police Commission (including a

65, 932

4, 430

supplementary sum of £227,000) -

10, 629, 865

315

Carried forward £

11, 166, 370

54, 797

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

385

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 11, 166, 370 54, 797

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Prison Commissioners

and of the prisons in England and

Wales. 1, 027,000 188, 750

5. For grants in respect of the expenses"

of the managers of approved

schools in England and Wales;

the expenses of local authorities

in respect of children and young

persons committed to their care;

and the expenses of the councils of

counties and county boroughs in

respect of remand homes - - 220, 650 12,000

6. For such of the salaries and expenses

of the Supreme Court of Judicature

and Court of Criminal Appeal as are

not charged on the Consolidated

Fund, including bonus on certain

statutory salaries and a grant in

aid, and the salaries and expenses

of pensions appeals tribunals - 100 489, 393

7. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

Judges. 100 751, 848

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry - 100 191, 450

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee - - 100 240, 484

Carried forward £ 12, 414, 420 1, 928, 722

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class III.

B b

386

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part continued.

Past 8. v '

Civil.

ClassIII. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 12, 414, 420 1, 928, 722

No.

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

law officers department; the salaries and expenses of the departments of His Majesty’s Procurator-

General and of the Solicitor for the

Affairs of His Majesty's Treasury,

and of the department of the

Director of Public Prosecutions;

the costs of prosecutions, of other

legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency - 118, 154 36, 750

11. For certain miscellaneous legal

expenses, for the salaries and

expenses of arbitrators, &c.,

under the Acquisition of Land

(Assessment of Compensation) Act,

1919, and for a grant in aid of the

expenses of the Law Society - 40, 508 6, 950

12. For the salary and expenses of the

Inspector of Constabulary; grants

in respect of Police expenditure

and a grant in aid of the Police

Federation in Scotland (including

a supplementary sum of £30, 500) - 1, 104, 477 —

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Prisons Department for Scotland

and of the prisons under their

control, including the maintenance

of criminal lunatics, defectives, and

inmates of the State inebriate

reformatory, and the preparation

of judicial statistics - 121, 839 12, 660

Carried forward £ 13, 799, 398 1, 985, 082

1934. Appropriation Ch. 44.

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply-

Appropriation *

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

13, 799, 398

1, 985, 082

No.

14. For grants in respect of the expenses

of the Managers of Approved

Schools, and of the expenses of

Education Authorities in Scotland

in respect of Children and Young

Persons committed to their care -

49, 740

3, 510

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Scottish Land Court,

including bonus to members of the Court.

8, 595

390

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department, and

other law charges, the salaries

and expenses of the Courts of

Law and Justice, and of pensions

appeals tribunals in Scotland,

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries -

43, 457

144, 300

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices in His Majesty’s General

Register House, Edinburgh -

100

64, 401

18. For the cost of certain Northern

Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-service

officers and men in Northern

Ireland, and bonus on certain

statutory salaries ...

8, 942

6, 700

Carried forward £

13, 910, 232

2, 204, 383

387

SCHED. (B.)

Paot 8.

Civil.

Class in.

Bb 2

388

Ch. 44.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class ITT.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

13, 910, 232

2, 204, 383

No.

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of

Judicature and Court of Criminal

Appeal of Northern Ireland,

and of the Land Registry of

Northern Ireland, as are not

charged on the Consolidated Fund,

and other expenses -

18, 465

30, 020

20. For the salaries and expenses of the Land Purchase Commission,

Northern Ireland, including the

payment of land purchase annuities in Northern Ireland and the

expenses of certain land purchase

services in the Irish Free State

reserved as an imperial liability -

2, 367, 108

270

Total, Civil, Class III - £

16, 295, 805

2, 234, 673

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

389

SCHED. (B.)

Past 9.

Civil.

Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz. :—

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9.

CIVIL.— Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

Supply-

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

S’o.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the

various establishments connected

therewith, including sundry grants

in aid (including a supplementary

sum of £1, 506,000) -

2. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, including

a grant in aid (including a supple-

43, 610, 018

5, 151, 800

mentary sum of £42, 911)

i

3. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum (Natural

212, 048

28, 874

History), including a grant in aid

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum, including

101, 133

2, 025

a grant in aid of purchases -

5. For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

Lancaster House, including a

10, 995

750

grant in aid

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery and of the

5, 575

1, 040

Tate Gallery, Millbank

23, 934

1, 826

Carried forward - - £ |

43, 963, 703 j

5, 186, 315

390

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 9.

Civil.

Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

43, 963, 703

5, 186, 315

No.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase

of portraits - -

7, 885

1, 245

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection ...

10, 751

1, 036

9. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other

grants.

197, 573

9, 705

10. For grants in aid of the expenses of

certain Universities, Colleges,

Medical Schools, &c., in Great

Britain, and for a grant in aid of the British Post Graduate Medical

School.

1, 920,000

11. For public education in Scotland,

and for the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

sundry grants in aid (including a

supplementary sum of £206, 250) -

6, 913, 185

718, 666

12. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of

Antiquities, including certain

grants in aid ....

9, 916

289

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

1, 709

5, 017

14, For the salaries and other expenses

of the National Maritime Museum

2, 973

Total, Civil, Class IV £

53, 027, 695

5, 922, 273

1034.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

391

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 10. SCHED. (B.)

_ Past 10.

Civil.

Class V.

CIVIL.— Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including

grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, certain

grants to local authorities, &c.,

grants in aid in reject of benefits

and expenses of administration

under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in

connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, and other

services (including a supplemen-

1

1

tary sum of £321,000) -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control, including

expenses under the Lunacy and

Mental Treatment Acts and the

Mental Deficiency Acts, and grants

in respect of the maintenance of

19, 960, 924

1, 636, 500

certain ex-service mental patients

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar-

140, 747

25, 828

General of Births, &c. -

96, 322

23, 400

Carried forward £

20, 197, 993

1.685, 728

392

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Health Insurance Acts, 1924 to

1932 .

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies

6. For the payment of Old Age Pensions, for certain administrative

expenses in connection therewith,

and for pensions under the Blind

Persons Act, 1920 -

7. For the Treasury Pensions Account

in accordance with the provision

of the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pension

Act, 1929 .

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including

sums payable by the Exchequer

to the Unemployment Fund,

grants to associations, local

authorities and others under the

Unemployment Insurance, Labour

Exchanges and other Acts; expenses of the Industrial Court;

contribution towards the expenses

of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations);

expenses of training and removal

of workers and their dependants;

grants for assisting the voluntary

provision of occupation for unemployed persons; and sundry

services, including services arising

out of the war -

Carried forward £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

20, 197, 993

1, 685, 728

163, 045

3, 910

45, 856

5, 350

41, 822,000

9,000

13,000,000

65, 404,000

7, 822,000

140, 632, 894

9, 525, 988

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

393

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

No.

9. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

made prior to the 31st day of

August 1929, towards employment schemes; and for grants

in respect of schemes approved

under Part II of the Development

(Loan Guarantees and Grants)

Act, 1929, including adjustments

140, 632, 894

9, 525, 988

of grant in certain cases

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for

Scotland, including grants and

other expenses in connection with

housing, certain grants to local

authorities, &c., grant in aid of the Highlands and Islands medical

service, grants in aid of benefits

and expenses of administration

under the National Health Insurance Acts; certain expenses in

connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, and other

services (including a supplemen-

4, 200,000

tary sum of £36, 700) -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

General Board of Control for

Scotland, including expenses under

the Lunacy (Scotland) and Mental

Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, and

grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental

3, 019, 120

223, 834

patients.

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar Gene-

16, 177

490

ral of Births, &c., in Scotland

15, 652

1, 700

Total, Civil, Class V £

147, 883, 843

9, 752, 012

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class V.

304

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11.

Part 11. _

Civil.

Class VI.

CIVIL— Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz. :—

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy

Council for Trade, and subordinate

departments, including certain

Services arising out of the War -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Trade under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1914 and 1926, and

the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926 -

3. For the salaries and expenses of

certain services transferred from

the Mercantile Marine Fund and

other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including the

Coastguard, General Register and

Record Office of Shipping and

Seamen and Merchant Seamen’s

Fund Pensions -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade,

including grants in aid of the

Imperial Institute and the Travel

and Industrial Development

Association of Great Britain and

Ireland.

Carried forward - - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

215, 706

432, 907

100

158, 557

349, 723

210, 701

370, 580

149, 360

936, 109

951, 525

1934. Appropriation Ch. 44. 395

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11— continued.

Brought forward

No.

5. For guarantees in respect of exports

of goods wholly or partly produced

or manufactured in the United

Kingdom and for the salaries and

expenses of the Export Credits

Guarantee Department

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade .

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

936, 109

951, 525

100

205, 200

257, 122

23, 430

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

Class VI.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands, including bonus to

Commissioner and Secretary

32, 300

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic

Gardens, Kew, including grants

and grants in aid in respect of

agricultural education and research, eradication of diseases of

animals, and fishery research;

and grants, grants in aid, loans,

and expenses in respect of improvement of breeding, &c., of

five stock, land settlement,

cultivation, improvement, drainage, &c., regulation of agricultural wages, agricultural

credits, co-operation, and marketing, fishery development; also for

loans for the purchase of herring

drift nets and assistance in respect

of expenditure on fit ting-out

herring drifters and sundry other

services (including a supplementary sum of £11, 930) -

2, 246, 064 465, 685

3, 419, 773 1, 697, 762

Carried forward

396

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

9. For a subsidy on sugar and molasses

manufactured from beet grown in

3, 419, 773

1, 697, 762

Great Britain ... -

10. For the expenses of the survey of

Great Britain and of minor

3, 300,000

services connected therewith

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

153, 835

106, 295

Fund ----

450,000

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport, under

the Ministry of Transport Act,

1919; expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921; expenses under

the London Traffic Act, 1924,

the London Passenger Transport

Act, 1933, and the Road and Rail |

Traffic Act, 1933; expenses in

respect of advances under the

Light Railways Act, 1896; expenses of maintaining Holyhead

Harbour, the Caledonian Canal,

Crinan Canal and Menai Bridge;

advances to meet deficit in Rams-

gate Harbour Fund -

111, 957

502, 381

Carried forward - £

7, 435, 565

2, 306, 438

1934 Appropriation Ch. 44. 397

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11— continued. Sched. (b.)

' Part 11.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

7, 435, 565

2, 306, 438

No.

13. For a grant in aid of the Development Fund

490,000

14. For grants to public utility undertakings in Great Britain

950,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the

Geological Survey of Great Britain

and Museum of Practical Geology,

and a grant in aid

576, 290

167, 607

16. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the

central office, and the cost of

provision and management of

licensed premises ...

100

518, 900

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Agriculture for

Scotland, including grants for

land improvement, agricultural

education, research and marketing,

loans to co-operative societies, a

grant under the Agricultural

Credits (Scotland) Act, 1929, and

certain grants in aid -

638, 136

85, 852

Carried forward

10, 090, 091

3, 078, 797

398

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11 — continued.

Part 11. __

Civil, i

Class VI. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 10, 090, 091 3, 078, 797

No.

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine

superintendence, and a grant in

aid of piers or quays, also for loans

for the purchase of herring drift

nets and assistance in respect of

expenditure on fitting-out herring drifters (including a supplementary sum of £43,000) - - 172, 887 10, 658

19. For payments in respect of milk used

for manufacture in England and

Wales and Northern Ireland, payments for improving the quality of the milk supply in England and

Wales, and contributions towards

certain expenses of the Milk

Marketing Board in England and

Wales- ---- 1, 556, 500 —

20. For payments in respect of milk used

for manufacture in Scotland, payments for improving the quality of the milk supply in Scotland, and

contributions towards certain expenses of milk marketing boards

in Scotland ---- 317,000 •—

Total, Civil, Class VI £ 12, 136, 478 3, 095, 455

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

399

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12. SCHED. (B.)

______ Past 12.

Civil.

Class VH.

CIVIL.— Class VIl.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of

payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz. :—

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of Art and

Science buildings, Great Britain

(including a supplementary sum of

£ 10 ).

2. For expenditure in respect of

Houses of Parliament buildings -

3. For expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange and Insurance buildings, Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

and Health and the Department

of Health for Scotland)

4. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, including

the whole additional cost of

a new Sheriff Court House at

Edinburgh.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

323, 175

27, 440

139, 720

1,000

686, 800

5, 140

162, 735

1, 250

1, 312, 430

34, 830

Carried forward

400

Ch. 44.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward -

No.

5. For expenditure in respect of

1, 312, 430

34, 830

Osborne .

6. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of

His Majesty’s Works and Public

12, 740

6, 850

Buildings - -

7. For expenditure in respect of

sundry public buildings in Great

Britain, not provided for on

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments,

Brompton Cemetery and certain

594, 570

153, 070

Housing Estates -

7a. For the cost of erection of a Memorial

to the memory of the late Field

1, 123, 155

155, 650

Marshal Earl Haig ...

8. For expenditure in respect of public

10, 700

buildings overseas ...

9. For expenditure in respect of royal

95, 290

12,000

palaces, including a grant in aid -

10. For expenditure in respect of

Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph

buildings in Great Britain, certain Post Offices abroad, and for

certain expenses in connection

with boats and launches belonging

to the Customs and Excise

81, 015

10, 200

Department ....

1, 336, 275

24, 780

Carried forward - - £

4, 566, 175

397, 380

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

401

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

4, 566, 175

397, 380

No.

11. For expenditure iy. respect of royal

parks and pleasure gardens -

196, 485

51, 950

12. For rates and contributions in lieu

of rates, &c., in respect of property

in the occupation of the Crown

for the Public Service, and for

rates on buildings occupied by

Representatives of British Dominions and of Foreign Powers;

and to pay the salaries and expenses

of the Rating of Government

Property Department, and a grant

in aid of the expenses of the London

Fire Brigade ....

2, 025, 246

23, 9S5

13. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the

public service; to pay the salaries

and expenses of the Stationery

Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports

of Parliamentary Debates -

j

j

1, 408, 018

749, 825

14. For the expense of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead -

26,000

15. For expenditure in respect of public

works and buildings in Ireland

34, 355

3, 650

Total, Civil, Class VII £

8, 256, 279

1, 226, 790

SCHED. (B.)

Past 12.

Civil.

Class VII.

Cc

402

Ch. 44.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class Vni.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

CIVIL.— Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1935,

viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

* Supply

Appropriations

No.

Grants.

in Aid.

1. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment) to

merchant seamen and fishermen

and their dependants and the

administrative expenses connected

therewith ----

302, 721

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

the War Pensions Acts, 1915

to 1921, and sundry services

43, 100,000

14, 500

3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation .allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and

disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such

members, including annuities to

the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain

extra-statutory payments

i

1, 578, 055

4. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional

allowances and gratuities under

sundry Statutes; compassionate

allowances, gratuities, and supplementary pensions awarded by

the Treasury and, under the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

by the Civil Service Committee -

1, 722, 079

364

Total, Class VIII - £

46, 702, 855 |

14, 864

1934.

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44.

403

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 14.

CIVIL.— Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1935, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For grants to local authorities in

England and Wales, authorised by

Part VI of the Local Government

Act, 1929, and the Local Government (General Exchequer Contri-

butions) Act, 1933 -

2. For grants to local authorities in

Scotland authorised by the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1929,

and the Local Government

(General Exchequer Contributions)

39, 725,000

5, 775,000

Act, 1933 .

5, 729, 155

683, 520

Total, Class IX - £

45, 454, 155

6, 458, 520

Scheo. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class IX.

Cc 2

404

Ch. 44.

Appropriation 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Revenue

Departments, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March, 1935, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department -

5, 435, 100

204, 100

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department

7, 174, 965

210,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs

and Telephones -

60, 463,000

2, 536, 348

Total, Revenue Departments - £

73, 073, 065

2, 950, 448

1934

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44,

405

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part I.

SCHED. (C.)

Part I.

Navy-

Services.

Section 5.

Navy Services, 1932,

Votes.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ 8. d.

£ 8. d.

£ 8. d.

£ a. d.

1. Wages, &c., of Officers, Sea-

10, 800 15 2

1, 723 5 11

men, Boys and Royal

Marines and Civilians em-

ployed on Fleet Services. |

2. Victualling and Clothing

52, 467 11 11

145, 836 5 10

3. Medical Establishments and

951 11 6

20, 422 19 2

Services.

4. Fleet Air Arm

5. Educational Services -

8, 187 10 8

2, 770 3 9

6. Scientific Services

7, 179 4 5

27, 830 13 9

7. Royal Naval Reserves -

225 8 7

3, 673 15 6

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Main-

tenance, &c.

Section I.—Personnel

56, 935 18 2

5, 332 15 0

Section II.—Materiel

165, 881 9 6

439, 846 9 2

Sectionlll.—ContractWork

232, 028 17 2

3, 819 14 10

9. Naval Armaments

60, 476 13 8

229, 791 2 2

10. Works, Buildings and Repairs

62, 998 10 0

65, 451 11 5

11. Miscellaneous Effective Ser-

67, 936 17 11

11, 284 0 3

vices.

12. Admiralty Office ...

17, 866 3 9

252 5 2

13. Non-effective Services (Naval

35, 734 2 9

3, 814 17 11

and Marine)—Officers.

14. Non-effective Services (Naval

19, 811 10 8

5, 757 11 1

and Marine)—Men.

15. Civil Superannuation, Com-

17, 093 6 5

40 4 7

pensation Allowances and

Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable and Claims

2, 455 4 11

1 _

Abandoned.

—n

Total Deficits:

j Total Surpluses:

£737, 415

17*. 6 d.

£1, 049, 262

15*. 2 d.

Net Surplus:£311, 846 17s. 8 d.

406

Ch. 44

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5

SCHED. (C.)

Part II.

Army

Services.

Section 6.

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part II.

Army Services, 1932,

Votes.

1. Pay, &c., of the Army

2. Territorial Army and Reserve

Forces.

3. Medical Services -

4. Educational Establishments -

6. Quartering and Movements -

6. Supplies, Road Transport and

Remounts.

7. Clothing ....

8. General Stores ...

9. Warlike Stores

10. Works, Buildings and Lands

11. Miscellaneous Effective Services.

12. War Office ....

13. Half-pay, Retired Pay

and other Non-Effective

Charges for Officers.

14. Pensions and other Non-

effective Charges for Warrant Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, men and

others.

15. Civil Superannuation, Compensation and Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable and ClaimB

Abandoned.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ 3. d.

£ 8. d.

£ ». d.

£ 8. d.

2, 672 5 9

33, 222 13 9

6, 337 4 4

65, 429 7 3

3, 170 3 1

21, 296 3 1

22, 380 6 1

11, 066 19 5

28, 153 18 9

65, 810 4 3

33, 935 11 3

241, 926 19 9

43, 011 16 4

61, 265 8 5

39, 886 8 7

132, 806 12 5

152, 008 18 11

49, 478 19 0

23, 079 15 0

— .

1, 086 10 9

2, 004 3 0

4, 971 18 5

_ .

10, 991 5 4

763 7 2

9, 153 6 6

61, 930 3 6

60, 914 7 10

68, 061 15 11

7, 254 2 2

93 10 11

2, 537 7 1

Net Surplus:£509, 761 3s. 2d.

1934,

Appropriation

Act, 1934.

Ch. 44

407

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part III.

SCHED. (C.)

Part III.

Air

Services.

Section 5.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Am Services, 1932,

Votes.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ 8. d.

£ 8. d.

£ s. d.

£ i. d.

1. Pay, &c., of the Royal Air

6, 974 6 5

70, 117 8 4

Force.

2. Quartering-Stores (except

15, 207 9 9

134, 420 10 9

Technical), Supplies and

Transport.

3. Technical and Warlike Stores

16, 741 2 6

14, 737 17 11

(including 4 Experimental

and Research Services).

4. Works, Buildings and Lands

4, 718 15 5

131, 183 12 9

5. Medical Services -

6, 140 0 2

2, 661 15 9

6. Technical Training and

171 3 9

4, 650 4 0

Educational Services.

7. Auxiliary and Reserve Forces

5, 950 9 3

31 2 9

8. Civil Aviation

6, 313 9 1

17, 008 5 11

9. Meteorological Services

528 17 0

8, 526 19 4

Miscellaneous Effective Ser-

10, 466 10 3

413 4 8

vices.

10. Air Ministry

6, 421 10 4

1, 022 1 4

11. Half-Pay, Pensions and other

9, 555 9 0

1, 300 17 6

Non-effective Services.

Balances Irrecoverable and Claims

249 12 5

Abandoned.

22, 068 19 9

44, 372 17 7

[Total Deficits: i

Total Surpluses:

£66, 441

17s. 4d. |

£409, 070 195. Od.

_ t

Net Surplus:

£342, 629 Is. 8 d.

408

Ch. 45.

Solicitors Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

7 «

Application

of penal

provisions

to body

corporate.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 37.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c. 21.

Short title,

construction and

extent.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to prohibit bodies corporate from

purporting to act as solicitors.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If any act is done by a body corporate or by

any director, officer, or servant thereof, of such a nature

or in such a manner as to be calculated to imply that) 1

the body corporate is qualified, or recognised by law

as qualified, to act as a solicitor, the body corporate shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds for each such offence, and, in the

case of an act done by a director, officer, or servant of the

corporation, he also shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds ioi each such

offence.

(2) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared

that in sections forty-five, forty-seven, forty-eight and

forty-nine, and in subsection (1) of section fifty-one of the Solicitors Act 1932 and in sections thirty-six, thirty -

seven and thirty-nine of the Solicitors (Scotland) Act

1933 (which provisions prohibit the doing of certain acts

by and on behalf of unqualified practitioners) references

to unqualified persons and references to persons include

references to bodies corporate.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to

Scotland.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act,

1934; and this Act, as it applies to England, and the

Solicitors Acts 1932 and 1933 shall be construed as one

and may be cited together as the Solicitors Acts 1932 to

1934; and this Act, as it applies to Scotland, and the

Solicitors (Scotland) Act 1933 shall be construed as one

and may be cited together as the Solicitors (Scotland)

Acts 1933 and 1934.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1934.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 46.

409

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs

in the Isle of Man..

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The customs duty payable on arc lamp

barbons under section thirteen of the Act of 1926 shall,

instead of being at the rate of one shilling per pound

weight, be at the rate of five shillings per pound weight

in the case of carbons exceeding fourteen millimetres in

diameter and seven shillings and sixpence per pound

weight in the case of other carbons.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the eighth day of June nineteen hundred and

thirty-four.

2.—(1) The customs duty payable on insulin and its

salts under section thirteen of the Act of 1926 shall cease

to be charged, and Part I of the first Act of 1932, as

amended by any other enactment, shall have effect as if

insulin and its salts were included in the First Schedule

to that Act.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the date on which the Finance Act, 1934, came

into operation.

3. — (1) There shall be payable on the removal or

importation into the Isle of Man of patent leather not

forming part of another article, and of goods composed

wholly of patent leather, a duty of customs equal to

fifteen per cent, of the value of the goods:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any

goods which fall within some class or description of

goods on which an additional duty is for the time being

chargeable under section *two of the second Act of

1932, as amended by any other enactment, if the

Increase of

duty on arc

lamp

carbons.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 27.

Repeal of

duty on

insulin.

22 & 23

Geo 5. c. 16.

24 & 25

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Duty on

patent

leather.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 41.

410

Ch. 46.

Isle of Man (Customs) 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

aggregate amount of the additional duty and the general

ad valorem duty exceeds fifteen per cent, of the value

of the goods.

23 & 24 (2) Sections nine and ten of the Act of 1933 and any

Geo. 5. c. 40. other enactment relating to thpse sections shall have

effect as if the duty chargeable under this section were

chargeable under the said section nine.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

be deemed not to be in force at any time when the agreement between His Majesty’s Government in the United

Kingdom and His Majesty’s Government in Canada, set

22 & 23 out in Part I of the First Schedule to the Ottawa Agree-

Geo. 5. c.53. ments Act, 1932, is not in force within the meaning of

that Act.

(4) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the eighth day of June, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four.

Continuation of

certain

annual

duties.

4. Subject as hereinafter provided, the duties of

customs imposed on goods removed or imported into the

Isle of Man, being goods of the descriptions set out in the

first column of the following table, by the respective

enactments set out in the second column of that

table shall continue to be payable as from the first

day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-four,

until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and

thirty-five:—

Table.

Description of Goods.

Enactment imposing Duty.

Ale and beer -

Section 8 of the second Act of

1932.

15 & 16 Cinematograph films

Section 6 of the Act of 1925, as

Geo. 5. c. 56.

amended by section 12 of the

17 & 18

Act of 1927 and section 14 of the

Geo. 5. c. 20.

Act of 1928.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 38. Cocoa .....

Section 4 of the Act of 1924.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 24. Clocks and watches and com-

Section 6 of the Act of 1925, as

ponent parts of clocks and

amended by section 5 of the Act

watches.

of 1933.

1934.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 46.

411

Description of Goods.

Enactment imposing Duty.

Hops and extracts, essences and

other similar preparations

(other than hop oil) made

from hops.

Section 5 of the Act of 1925.

Hop oil -

Section 3 of the Act of 1929.

Matches ----

Section 1 of the Act of 1933.

Motor cars, including motor

bicycles and motor tricycles,

and their accessories and

component parts.

Section 6 of the Act of 1925, as

amended by section 6 of the Act

of 1926 and section 11 of the Act

of 1927.

Musical instruments, including

gramophones, pianolas and

other similar instruments;

and accessories and component

parts of musical instruments,

and records and other means

of reproducing music.

Section 6 of the Act of 1925, as

amended by section 5 of the Act

of 1933.

Silk and artificial silk and

articles made wholly or in

part of silk or artificial silk.

Section 7 of the Act of 1925, as

amended by section 8 of the

Act of 1926, section 9 of the

second Act of 1932 and section 4

of the Act of 1933.

Spirits.

Section 2 of the Act of 1930.

Sweets.

Section 2 of the Act of 1929 as

amended by section 3 of the Act

of 1933.

Tea.

Section 7 of the second Act of

1932.

Tobacco .

Section 19 of the first Act of 1932.

Wines.

Section 1 of the Act of 1927 as

amended by section 8 of the Act

of 1933.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 1.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 42.

Provided that, where any enactment set out in the

second column of the foregoing Table confers power on

the Governor to make orders varying or repealing the

duties of customs payable on the goods referred to in that

enactment or imposing a new duty on such goods, the

412

Provisions

as to goods

becoming or

ceasing to

be exempt

from

general ad

valorem

duty.

Amendment

as to duties

on Irish

Free State

goods.

Short title.

Ch. 46. Isle of Man (Customs) 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

provisions of that enactment relating to the said power

shall continue in force until the said first day of August,

nineteen hundred and thirty-five, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any

orders made in pursuance of any such power which are

for the time being in force.

5. —(1) When any goods, being goods chargeable on

their removal or importation into the Isle of Man with

the general ad valorem duty and an additional duty,

cease to be so chargeable with the general ad valorem

duty, or ceased before the passing of this Act to be so

chargeable with that duty, the order of the Governor

directing the additional duty to be charged shall cease

to have effect, or be deemed to have ceased to have

effect, as the case may be, as respects those goods:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall

affect the provisions of subsection (4) of section nine

of the Act of 1933.

(2) The power conferred on the Governor by subsection (3) of section one of the first Act of 1932 and

by section one of the second Act of 1932 to make orders

directing that goods shall be added to, or shall cease

to be included in, the First Schedule to the first Act

of 1932 shall include power to make such amendments

in the said Schedule as are consequential on any such

direction as aforesaid.

6. Section nineteen of the Act of 1933 (which

imposes duties on certain Irish Free State goods) shall

have effect, and shall be deemed as from the sixteenth

day of December nineteen hundred and thirty-three, to

have had effect, as if Part I of the Fifth Schedule to

that Act had been repealed and the Schedule to this Act had been substituted for the said Part I, and as if

in paragraph 4 of Part II of the said Fifth Schedule the

words " any goods " had been substituted for the words

" cattle, sheep or lambs."

7. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1934.

1934.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1934.

Ch. 46.

413

SCHEDULE.

Provisions to be Substituted for Part I of the

Fifth Schedule to the Act of 1933.

Class or description of goods.

1. Live cattle :—

(a) under 6 months old -

(b) 6 months old but under

15 months old.

(c) 15 months old but under

2 years old.

(d) 2 years old and upwards

not being cattle known as

mincers.

(e) 2 years old and upwards

being cattle known as

mincers.

2. Live sheep and live lambs -

3. Other animals ....

4. Meat:—

(a) Mutton or lamb :—

Carcases -

Sides -

Other kinds ...

(b) Pig’s meat:—

Carcases -

Other kinds (not being

bacon or ham).

(c) Beef and veal -

Edible offals ...

(d) Other Meat (not being bacon

or ham).

Rate of duty.

Period for

which duty

chargeable.

£1 5s. per head -

£2 10s. per head -

£4 per head

£6 per head

£3 per head

10s. per head

40 per cent, ad

valorem.

10s. per carcase -

5s. per side -

40 per cent, ad

valorem.

16th

December,

1933, to

* 1st

August,

1935.

Such a rate of duty

as will amount

to 16s. per ewt.

or to 40 per

cent, of the value

of the goods

whichever is the

greater.

40 per cent, ad

valorem.

} 40 per cent, ad

valorem.

30 per cent, ad

valorem.

Section 6.

414

Ch. 46, 47.

Alternative

to Treasury

condition as

respects

Dominion

Stocks.

63 & 64 Vict,

c. 62.

Isle of Man (Customs)]

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Class or description of goods.

Rate of duty.

Period for

which duty

chargeable.

5. Poultry:—

(a) Dead:—

Fowls, ducks and geese -

Id. per lb. -

Turkeys -

4d. per lb. -

16th

Other kinds ...

30 per cent, ad

December,

valorem.

1933, to

(b) Live.

30 per cent, ad

f 1st

valorem.

August,

6. Game, whether live or dead

30 per cent, ad

1935.

valorem.

.J

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to provide as respects Dominion Stocks

an alternative to the third of the conditions

prescribed by the Treasury under section two

of the Colonial Stock Act, 1900.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The third of the conditions prescribed by

the order of the Treasury dated the sixth day of December,

nineteen hundred, and made under section two of the

Colonial Stock Act, 1900 (which provides that certain

stocks with respect to which prescribed conditions have

been observed shall be trustee securities), shall be deemed

to have been observed with respect to any stock issued

by the Government of a Dominion if either the requirement

therein specified has been complied with, or if—

(a) His Majesty’s Government in the Dominion has

undertaken that legislation which appears to

His Majesty’s Government in the United

Kingdom to alter any of the provisions affecting

1934.

Colonial Stock

Act, 1934.

Ch. 47, 48.

415

the stock to the injury of stockholders or to

involve a departure from the original contract

in regard to the stock, shall not be submitted

for the Royal Assent except after agreement

with His Majesty’s Government in the United

Kingdom, and that if attention is drawn to any

such legislation as aforesaid after the passing

thereof by the Parliament of the Dominion, His

Majesty’s Government in the Dominion will

take the necessary steps to ensure such amendment as may be requested by His Majesty’s

Government in the United Kingdom; and

(b) that undertaking has been confirmed by an Act

of the Parliament of the Dominion.

(2) In this Act the expression "Dominion " has the

same meaning as in the Statute of Westminster, 1931. 22 & 23

6 Geo. 5. c. 4.

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Stock Act, Short title

1934, and this Act and the Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 to and citation.

1900, may be cited together as the Colonial Stock Acts,

1877 to 1934.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain

local loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and

for other purposes relating to local loans.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt Grants for

Commissioners for the purposes of local loans by the public

Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not ^orks.

exceeding in the whole the sum of eighteen million

pounds.

416

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 16.

Certain

debts not

to be

reckoned

as assets of

local loans

fund.

Remission

of arrears

of principal

and interest

in respect of

Eyemouth

Harbour

loan.

1 Edw. 7.

c. 35.

Ch. 48. Public Works Loans 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a

period ending on the day on which a further Act granting

money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National

Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the tables contained

in Part I and Part II of the Schedule to this Act should,

to the extent specified in the last column of those tables,

not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act,

1887:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans to the

extent aforesaid shall be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen

of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. Whereas in pursuance of an agreement made in

the year eighteen hundred and ninety-two the sum of

ten thousand pounds was advanced by the Public Works

Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees

on the security of the harbour revenues with the collateral

security of the Fishery Board for Scotland:

And whereas by an arrangement confirmed by

section three of the Public Works Loans Act, 1901, the

liability of the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees in respect

of the said loan was extinguished without prejudice to

the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay

the said loan, and, in consequence thereof, the said

collateral security is the sole security for the repayment

of the said loan:

And whereas the terms of the said collateral security

are embodied in a memorandum of agreement between

the Secretary for Scotland and the Public Works Loan

Commissioners, dated the eleventh day of March, eighteen

hundred and ninety-two, whereby a portion of the

surplus herring brand fees as defined in clause three of the said memorandum was pledged in security for the

repayment of the said loan with interest by the instalments and at the times mentioned in the security given

by the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees for the said loan,

and it was provided that the said portion of the surplus

herring brand fees of any one year should only be

1934.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1934.

Ch. 48.

417

applicable to the repayment of the one-fiftieth part of

principal and interest on outstanding principal falling

due under the security for the said loan in the same

year, and should not be applicable to the repayment of

arrears of principal:

And whereas the said portion of the surplus herring

brand fees so pledged as aforesaid was during the year

ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and thirty-three, and the year ending the thirty-first

day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, insufficient to discharge in full the instalments of principal

with interest which fell due under the security for the

said loan in those years, and the principal sum of four

hundred pounds with interest amounting to one hundred

and twenty-seven pounds four s hillin gs, now remains

unpaid, and under the terms of the said memorandum

of agreement is irrecoverable:

Now, therefore, the said principal sum of four

hundred pounds shall be extinguished, and the said

arrears of interest amounting to one hundred and twenty-

seven pounds four shillings shall be remitted.

4. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Short title.

Loans Act, 1934.

SCHEDULE.

Section 2.

Part I.

Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THE HARBOURS AND PASSING TOLLS, &c.

Act, 1861.

Name of Borrower.

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be

written off.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees -

10,000

400

Dd

418

Ch. 48, 49

Public WorTcs Loans 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II.

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THE AGRICULTURAL CREDITS ACT, 1923.

Name of Borrower.

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be

written off.

8.

d.

Mr. Peter Beekie ----

510

26

13

3

Mr. William Bell, Junior ...

7, 905

1, 841

4

0

Mr. Richard Thomas Bolt ...

3, 750

575

5

7

Mr. Thomas Bradridge - -

3, 637

899

16

6

Miss Clara Dows ----

3, 117

2, 147

1

11

Mrs. Mary Steele Gilruth ...

4,000

395

18

11

Mr. Septimus Hay.

2, 520

932

16

3

Mr. John Hamilton Howell -

2, 175

32

13

3

Mr. Robert Jack.

5,000

23

13

5

Mr. Wilfred Leonard Marsh -

6, 750

1, 041

2

11

Mr. James Miller.

4,000

536

14

11

Mr. Herbert William Nicholds

2, 512

858

15

9

Mr. Hugh Waterson ... -

2, 700

140

0

0

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to enable effect to be given to a Convention for the Regulation of Whaling, signed at

Geneva on behalf of His Majesty on the twenty-

fourth day of September, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one; to prohibit the taking or treating

of whales within the coastal waters of the

United Kingdom; and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Description

of whales to

which the

Act applies.

1. The provisions of this Act apply only in relation

to whales known as whalebone whales or baleen whales:

Provided that if, for the purpose of enabling effect

to be given to any convention relating to other whales

1934.

Whaling Industry

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 49.

419

which is signed on behalf of His Majesty after the commencement of this Act, it appears to His Majesty to be

necessary so to do. His Majesty may by Order in Council

direct that, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and

modifications (if any) as may be specified in the Order,

the provisions of this Act shall apply in relation to those

other whales or to such descriptions thereof as may be so

specified.

2. It shall be unlawful for any ship to be used

within the coastal waters of the United Kingdom for

taking or treating whales, and if any ship is so used, the

master shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and

such fine.

Prohibition

of catching

or treating

whales within United

Kingdom

waters.

3.—(1) If any person belonging to a British ship to Protection

which this Act applies, while outside the coastal waters for certain

of the United Kingdom, kills or takes, or attempts to ^f 8 ! 68 of

kill or to take, - whales -

(a) a right whale, or

(b) an immature whale, or

(c) a female whale which is accompanied by a calf,

that person and the master and (subject to the following

provisions of this Act) the owner and the charterer (if

any) of the ship shall each be liable to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not

exceeding two hundred pounds and an additional fine

not exceeding the value of the products (if any) obtained

or obtainable from the whale in question, or to both such

imprisonment and such fines.

(2) For the purposes of this section a whale of any

description shall be deemed to be immature if it is of less

than such length as may be prescribed in relation to

whales of that description:

Provided that the length prescribed for the purposes

of this section in relation to blue whales shall not be less

than sixty feet, and the length so prescribed in relation

to fin whales shall not be less than fifty feet.

(3) In this section —

(a) the expression

whale;

calf " includes a suckling

420 Ch. 49. Whaling Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

(b) the expression "right whale" means a whale

known by any of the names set out in

Part I of the Schedule to this Act;

(c) the expression "blue whales" means whales

known by any of the names set out in

Part II of the Schedule to this Act;

(d) the expression "fin whales" means whales

known by any of the names set out in

Part III of the Schedule to this Act.

4. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of the

last foregoing section, it shall be unlawful for any British

ship to which this Act applies to be used outside the

coastal waters of the United Kingdom for taking or

treating whales, or for any factory situate in Great

Britain to be used for treating whales, unless the

owner or the charterer of the ship, or the occupier of the

factory, is the holder of a licence in force under this Act

authorising the ship or the factory, as the case may be, to

be so used.

(2) If any ship or factory is used for taking or

treating whales in contravention of this section, the

master and (subject to the following provisions of this Act) the owner and the charterer (if any) of the ship,

or the manager and (subject as aforesaid) the occupier

of the factory, as the case may be, shall each be

liable, in respect of each whale taken or treated in

contravention of this section, to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding three months, or to a fine not

exceeding two hundred pounds and an additional fine

not exceeding the value of the products (if any)

obtained or obtainable from the whale, or to both such

imprisonment and such fines.

Grant of 5. — (1) On application made in the prescribed

licences manner by the owner or charterer of any British ship to

which this Act applies, or by the occupier of any factory

situate in Great Britain, and on payment of such fee as

may be prescribed, the licensing authority shall, subject to

the following provisions of this Act, grant to the applicant

a licence in the prescribed form authorising that ship

or factory to be used for taking whales or for treating

whales, as the case may require.

Whaling

ships and

whale-oil

factories

to be

licensed.

1934.

Whaling Industry

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 49.

421

(2) The fee prescribed in respect of the grant of a

licence under this section shall not exceed—

(a) two hundred pounds in the case of a licence

authorising the use of a ship or factory for

treating whales; or

(b) one hundred pounds in the case of a licence

authorising the use of a ship for taking whales.

(3) A licence granted under this section shall,

unless previously cancelled under this Act, continue in

force for one year from the day specified in the licence

as the day on which it takes effect.

(4) The licensing authority may, if they think fit,

refuse to grant a licence under this section to any person

who has been convicted of an offence under this Act.

6.—(1) There shall be attached to every licence Conditions

under this Act authorising the use of a ship for attached to

taking whales a condition that the remuneration of the licences,

gunners and crew of the ship must, so far as it is

calculated by reference to the results of their work, be

calculated by reference to the size, species, oil-yield and

value of the whales taken, and in such manner as to

exclude remuneration in respect of any whale which is

of less than such length as may be prescribed for the

purposes of this section, or the taking of which is

prohibited by this Act.

(2) There shall be attached to every licence under

this Act authorising the use of a ship or factory for treating

whales, the following conditions, that is to say:—

(a) that there must be recorded in the prescribed

manner and by the prescribed person—

(i) with respect to each whale treated in

the ship or factory, the date and place of

taking, the species and the sex of the whale,

and such measurements and other biological

information (including information as to the

contents of its internal organs) as may be

prescribed; and

(ii) the prescribed particulars as to the

number of whales treated in the ship or

factory, and as to the yield of oil of different

grades, and the quantities of meal, guano and

422 Ch. 49. Whaling Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

other products derived, from those whales;

and

(b) that the ship or factory must he equipped with

plant of a type approved by the licensing

authority for the extraction of oil from the

blubber, flesh and bones of whales, and that

steps must be taken to ensure that the plant

is kept in good order and operated efficiently;

and

(c) that, except in the case of a whale or part of a

whale intended to be used for human food,

the oil must be extracted, by boiling or otherwise, from all whale blubber, from the heads

and tongues of whales and from their tails as

far forward as the outer opening of the lower

intestine; and

(d) in the case of a factory, that adequate arrangements must be made for utilising residual

products.

(3) There shall be attached to every licence under

this Act the condition that the records required by the

licence to be kept must be transmitted, at such times

and in such manner as may be prescribed, to the

licensing authority.

(4) There may be attached to any licence under this Act such conditions (if any), in addition to the conditions

required by the foregoing provisions of this section, as

appear to the licensing authority to be necessary or

expedient for the purpose of preventing, so far as

practicable, —

(a) any wastage of whales or whale products; or

(b) the taking of whales during certain seasons;

and any conditions attached to such a licence as aforesaid for the purpose of preventing the taking of whales

during certain seasons, may specify different seasons in

relation to different parts of the world or different

descriptions of whales.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, no condition involving the

substitution of one type of plant for another shall be

attached to a licence under this section unless at least

twelve months’ notice of the intention to impose the

condition has been given by the licensing authority in

1934

Whaling Industry

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 49.

423

such manner as that authority think best for informing

persons concerned.

(6) The licensing authority may refuse to grant a

licence under this Act in respect of a ship or factory

until the authority are satisfied, from an inspection of the ship or factory or by such other evidence as they

may require, that any condition affecting the structure

or equipment of the ship or factory which it is proposed

to attach to the licence has been complied with.

(7) If any condition attached to a licence under

this Act is contravened or not complied with, then, in

the case of a licence granted in respect of a ship,

the master and (subject to the following provisions of this Act) the owner and the charterer, if any, of the ship,

or, in the case of a licence granted in respect of a

factory, the manager and (subject as aforesaid) the

occupier of the factory, shall each be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to a

fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, or to both

such imprisonment and such fine; and the court by

whom the offender is convicted may, if the court think

fit, cancel any licence granted under this Act to the

offender, being a licence which is for the time being in

force in respect of the ship or factory, as the case may

be, and that licence shall thereupon cease to be in force.

(8) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last

foregoing subsection, if any person fails to keep any

record in accordance with the conditions attached to

a licence under this Act or knowingly makes in any

record which he is required by such conditions to keep, a

statement false in any material particular, he shall be

liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three

months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to

both such imprisonment and such fine.

7. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the

Board of Trade may grant to any person a special permit

authorising that person to kill, take and treat whales for

purposes of scientific research or for other exceptional

purposes, subject to such restrictions as to number, and

subject to such other conditions, as the Board think fit,

and the killi ng, taking or treating of whales in accordance

with a permit in force under this section shall be exempt

from the operation of the foregoing provisions of this Act.

Permits to

take and

treat whales

for scientific

purposes.

424 £

Powers of

whale

fishery

inspectors.

Ch. 49. Whaling Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

(2) The Board of Trade may at any time revoke a

permit granted by them under this section.

8.—(1) For the purpose of enforcing the provisions

of this Act, a whale fishery inspector, on producing on

demand evidence of the fact that he is such an inspector, —

(a) may board or enter any ship or factory which

he has reason to believe is used for taking or

for treating whales, and inspect the ship or

factory and its plant and equipment; and

(b) may, in the case of such a ship as aforesaid,

require the master and crew, or any of them,

or in the case of such a factory as aforesaid,

require the occupier or manager thereof and the

employees therein or any of them, to produce

all such licences, records and other documents

as the inspector considers it necessary to inspect,

and to answer all such inquiries as he considers

it necessary to make; and

(c) may take copies of, or extracts from, any documents produced to him.

(2) Any whale fishery inspector specially authorised

in writing in that behalf by the Board of Trade may

go on board any British ship to which this Act applies

which is used for treating whales, and shall, during

such period as may be specified in his authority, be

entitled to remain on board the ship, to be provided

with subsistence and accommodation therein and to

be present at all operations in connection with the

treating of whales on board the ship.

A whale fishery inspector shall, in respect of each

day during which he is provided in pursuance of this

subsection with subsistence and accommodation on

board a ship, pay to the master of the ship such sum as

may be prescribed by regulations made by the licensing

authority with the approval of the Treasury.

(3) Every person who refuses to produce to a whale

fishery inspector any document which he is required under

this section to produce, or refuses to answer, or answers

falsely, any inquiry duly made of him by such an

inspector, or otherwise obstructs, or refuses facilities to,

such an inspector in the discharge of his functions under

this section, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds.

1934.

Whaling Industry

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 49.

425

(4) In this section the expression "whale fishery

inspector " means—

(a) any person appointed by, or under the authority

of, the Board of Trade to be such an inspector;

(&) any commissioned officer of any of His Majesty’s

ships on full pay. •

9. —(1) If any person with intent to deceive— Forgery of

(a) forges or uses, or lends to or allows to be used documents.

by any other person, a licence or permit

under this Act, or forges an entry in any

record kept under this Act; or

(b) makes or has in his possession any document

so closely resembling a licence or permit

under this Act as to be calculated to deceive;

he shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or

to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(2) For the purposes of this section, in its application

to England and Northern Ireland, the expression "forges"

has the same meaning as in the Forgery Act, 1913. 3&4 Geo.5.

c. 27.

10. —(1) In any proceedings taken by virtue of Legal

this Act against the owner or charterer of a ship or proceedings,

against the occupier of a factory in respect of

any act or omission on the part of another person,

it shall be a good defence for the owner, charterer

or occupier, as the case may be, to prove that the

act or omission took place without his knowledge

or connivance and was not facilitated by any negligence

on his part.

(2) Proceedings in respect of offences under this Act

may be taken in manner provided by the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts:

Provided that, notwithstanding anything to the

contrary in those Acts, proceedings taken by virtue

of this Act against any person for an offence committed at sea, may be commenced at any time within

six months from the date on which that person first

lands in the United Kingdom after the commission of the offence.

(3) In any proceedings a document purporting to be

a licence or permit granted under this Act shall, until

426

Ch. 49.

Application

to non-

British ships

registered

in colonies

&c.

Exemption

of whaling

operations

carried on

in coastal

waters of

certain

British

possessions,

&c.

Extension

to British

possessions,

&c.

53 & 54

Vict. c. 37.

Whaling Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

the contrary is proved, be presumed to be such a licence

or permit, as the case may be.

(4) Proceedings against any person for the purposes

of this Act may be taken before the court having jurisdiction in the place where that person is for the time

being.

11. His Majesty may by Order in Council direct

that any provision of this Act which is expressed to

apply only to British ships shall, subject to such exceptions, adaptations or modifications (if any) as may be

specified in the Order, apply also to other ships, being

ships registered in, or licensed under the law of, any

colony or British protectorate, or any territory in respect

of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations

has been accepted by His Majesty and is being exercised

by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

12. His Majesty may by Order in Council direct

that subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified

in the Order, any of the foregoing provisions of this Act

which restricts the taking or killing of whales or the use

of ships shall not apply in relation to anything done

within the coastal waters of—

(a) a country or part of His Majesty’s dominions to

which this Act may be extended by virtue of the next following section, or

(b) a British protected state,

if there is in force, as respects those coastal waters, a

provision of the local law which appears to His Majesty

substantially to correspond with the aforesaid provision

of this Act.

13. —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council

direct that the provisions of this Act shall extend, with

such exceptions, adaptations or modifications, if any, as

may be specified in the Order, to the Isle of Man, any of the Channel Islands, Newfoundland or any colony.

(2) The Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890, shall have

effect as if the provisions of this Act were included among

the enactments which, by virtue of section five of that

Act, may be extended by Order in Council to foreign

countries in which for the time being His Majesty has

jurisdiction.

1934.

Whaling Industry

(. Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 49.

427

14. — (1) The Board of Trade may make arrangements whereby licences and permits which the Board

are authorised to grant under this Act are issued and

revoked on behalf, and in the name, of the Board by

officers of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries,

by officers of the Fishery Board for Scotland and by

such other persons, and at such places within or outside

the United Kingdom, as the Board of Trade may determine, and any licence or permit issued or revoked in

pursuance of such arrangements shall be deemed for

the purposes of this Act to be a licence or permit, as

the case may be, granted or revoked by the Board of

Trade.

(2) Anything required or authorised under this Act

to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may,

subject to any arrangements in force under subsection (1)

of this section, be done by, to or before the President of the Board, a secretary, under-secretary or assistant

secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that

behalf by the President of the Board.

15. — (1) The provisions of any Act for the regulation of the whaling industry passed by the Parliament

of a Dominion to which this section applies or by the

Indian legislature shall, so far as those provisions

purport to have extra-territorial operation as respects

ships registered in that Dominion or in any territory

administered by His Majesty’s Government in that

Dominion, or, as the case may be, in British India,

be deemed to have such operation.

(2) The Dominions to which this section applies

are the Commonwealth of Australia and the Dominion

of New Zealand.

16. The expenses incurred for the purposes of this Act by the licensing authority or by the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries, the Fishery Board for Scotland

or any other person acting under the authority of the

Board of Trade (including sums required to pay the

remuneration and expenses of whale fishery inspectors)

shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament; and all fees received under this Act by the licensing

authority or by any such other authority or person as is

mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this section,

and (subject to the provisions of section five of the

Exercise Q f

Board of

Trade’s

powers by

other

persons.

Powers of

certain

Dominions

and India

to legislate

extra-terri-

torially as

respects

their ships.

Expenses,

and application of

fees and

fines.

428

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

Interpretation, and

saving for

certain

enactments.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 41.

Ch. 49. Whaling Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914, and of any

corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern

Ireland) all fines recovered by virtue of this Act, shall

be paid into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom.

17.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have

the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that

is to say :—

" British ship to which this Act applies" means a

British ship which is not registered in—

(a) any of the following Dominions, that

is to say, the Dominion of Canada, the

Commonwealth of Australia, the Dominion

of New Zealand, the Union of South Africa,

and the Irish Free State; or

(b) a territory administered by His

Majesty’s Government in any of the Dominions aforesaid; or

(c) India:

" coastal waters " means, in relation to any country

or territory, waters within a distance of three

nautical miles from any point on the coast of

any part of that country or territory, as the

case may be, measured from low water mark of

ordinary spring tides:

" factory " does not include a ship:

" the licensing authority " means—

(a) in relation to a factory situate in

England, the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries; or

(b) in relation to a factory situate in

Scotland, the authority having power to

grant licences under the Whale Fisheries

(Scotland) Act, 1907; or

(c) in relation to a ship, the Board of

Trade:

"master, " in relation to any ship, includes the

person for the time being in command or charge

of the ship and, in relation to a ship used for

treating whales, includes the person for the

time being in charge of the operations on board

the ship in connection with such treatment:

1934.

Whaling Industry

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Ch. 49.

429

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations of the licensing authority:

" ship " has the same meaning as in the Merchant

Shipping Act, 1894.

(2) The provisions of this Act shall be without

prejudice to the provisions of the Whale Fisheries

(Scotland) Acts, 1907 and 1922, and of the Whale

Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1908.

18. — (1) Regulations prescribing lengths of whales

for the purposes of any of the provisions of this Act,

may also prescribe the manner in which the lengths are

to be measured.

(2) Regulations of the Board of Trade shall not

be made for the purposes of this Act except after

consultation between the Board of Trade, on the one

hand, and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and

the Secretary of State for Scotland, on the other hand.

(3) Any Order in Council made under the foregoing

provisions of this Act may be varied or revoked by a

subsequent Order in Council.

19. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Whaling

Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such date

as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint.

SCHEDULE.

Names op Whales.

Part I.

Right Whales.

Atlantic right whale.

Arctic right whale.

Biscayan right whale.

Bowhead.

Greenland right whale.

Greenland whale.

Nordkaper.

North Atlantic right whale.

North Cape whale.

Pacific right whale.

Pigmy right whale.

Southern pigmy right whale.

Southern right whale.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 60.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 31.

Incidental

provision as

to regulations and

orders.

Short title

and commencement.

Section 3.

430

Ch. 49, 50. Whaling Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1934.

Part II.

Blue Whales.

Blue whale. Sulphur bottom.

Sibbald’s rorqual.

Common finback.

Common firmer.

Common rorqual.

Finback.

Part III.

Fin Whales.

Fin whale.

Herring whale.

Razorback.

True fin whale.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Road Traffic Act, 1930,

and section thirty-four of the Road and Rail

Traffic Act, 1933, and for purposes incidental

thereto.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Regulation of Motor Vehicles.

General

speed limit

of thirty

miles per

hour in

built up

areas.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it

shall not be lawful for any person to drive a motor

vehicle on a road in a built up area at a speed exceeding

thirty miles per hour.

For the purposes of this Act a length of road

shall be deemed to be a road in a built up area—

(a) if a system of street lighting furnished by

means of lamps placed not more than two

hundred yards apart is provided thereon, unless

a direction that it shall be deemed not to be

a road in a built up area is in force under this

section; or

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

431

(b) if a direction that it shall be deemed to be a

road in a built up area is in force under this

section;

and not otherwise.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of the

foregoing subsection he shall be deemed to be guilty

of an offence under section ten of the Road Traffic Act,

1930 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act).

(3) The Minister may by order increase or reduce

the rate of speed fixed by subsection (1) of this section

(either as originally enacted or as varied by an order

under this subsection) as the limit of speed to be observed

under this section:

Provided that an order under this subsection shall

be of no effect unless and until it has been approved by a

resolution passed by each House of Parliament.

(4) A direction that a length of road shall be deemed

not to be a road in a built up area notwithstanding that

such a system of lighting as aforesaid is provided thereon,

or that a length of road shall be deemed to be a road in

a built up area notwithstanding that such a system of

lighting as aforesaid is not provided thereon, may

be given—

(a) as respects any length of road elsewhere than in

the London Traffic Area as constituted by the

London Traffic Act, 1924, by the local authority,

by means of an order made by them after giving

public notice of their intention to make an

order under this subsection and after consultation with the chief officer of police and with the

consent of the Minister;

(b) as respects any length of road in the said London

Traffic Area, by means of an order made by the Minister after giving public notice of his

intention to make an order under this subsection

and after consultation with the London and

Home Counties Traffic Advisory Committee;

and a direction so given may be revoked by a subsequent

order made in the like manner.

(5) If the Minister is satisfied that the local authority

have failed to give a direction that a length of road

shall be deemed not to be a road in a built up area in

Part I.

— cont.

20 & 21

Geo. 5 c. 43.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 34.

432

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I. a case in which such a direction ought to have been given,

—co*-'. or have failed to revoke a direction that a length of road

shall be deemed to be a road in a built up area in a case

in which the direction ought to have been revoked, he

may make an order giving or revoking the direction, as

the case may be:

Provided that, before exercising his powers under

this subsection, the Minister shall give to the local

authority notice of his intention of exercising those

powers and, if within such period as may be specified in

the notice the local authority represent to him that the

direction ought not to be given, or ought not to be

revoked, as the case may be, he shall hold a local inquiry,

23 &, 24 and the provisions of section forty-seven of the Road

Geo. 5 . c. 53. and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, shall apply in relation to the

inquiry as if it were an inquiry held for the purposes of

that Act.

(6) A direction given by an order under the last foregoing subsection may be revoked by a subsequent order

made in the like manner.

(7) It shall be the duty of the local authority—

(a) to erect and maintain the prescribed traffic

signs in such positions as may be requisite

in order to give effect to general or other

directions given by the Minister for the

purpose of securing that adequate guidance

is given to drivers of motor vehicles as to

' the places where a length of road begins,

and ceases, to be a road in a built up

area, or as to a direction being in force as

respects a length of road that it shall be

deemed to be, or not to be, a road in a built

up area; and

(b) to alter or remove traffic signs as may be

requisite in order to give effect to such

directions as aforesaid, either in consequence

of the making of an order by the Minister

under subsection (5) of this section or otherwise;

and if the local authority make default in executing any

works required for the performance of the duty imposed

upon them by this subsection, the Minister may himself

1934.

j Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

433

execute the works and recover summarily as a civil debt

from the local authority the expenses incurred by him

in so doing.

(8) The power conferred on the Minister by subsection (2) of section forty-eight of the principal Act to

prescribe the size, colour, and type of traffic signs shall

include power to make regulations providing for the

illumination of traffic signs to be erected under this

section, or for the attachment of reflectors thereto.

(9) In this section the expression "local authority "

means, as respects any length of road in the following

areas, the following authorities respectively, that is to

say, in the administrative county of London as regards

the city of London the common council of the city of

London and as regards a metropolitan borough the council

thereof, in a county borough, in a non-county borough

possessing a separate police force or having a population

according to the last published census of over twenty

thousand, and in an urban district having such a

population as aforesaid, the council thereof, and

elsewhere the council of the county.

(10) This section shall continue in force until the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

thirty-nine, and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise

determines:

Provided that on the expiration of this section

subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation

Act, 1889, shall apply as if this section had been repealed

by another enactment Liking effect at the time of the

expiration thereof.

2.—(1) The First Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the First Schedule to the principal Act, and

references to that Schedule in any enactment shall be

construed accordingly.

(2) In subsection (1) of section ten of the principal

Act the words "and if any person acts in contravention of this section he shall be guilty of an offence " shall cease

to have effect, and after the said subsection (1) the following subsection shall be inserted:

" (1A) A person convicted of driving a

motor vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding a

speed limit imposed by or under any enactment

shall in respect of that offence be liable on summary

E e

Part I.

— cant.

52 & 53

Vict. c. 63

Amendments of

8. 10 of,

and First

Schedule

to, the

principal

Act.

434

Part I.

■— cont.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds,

and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

The provisions of this subsection shall have

effect in substitution for any provision made by

or under any other enactment relating to a speed

limit for determining the punishment by way of

fine or imprisonment to which a person convicted

of driving a motor vehicle as aforesaid is to be

liable in respect of that offence."

(3) The following subsections shall be substituted

for subsections (2) and (3) of the said section ten:

" (2) A first or second conviction for driving a

motor vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding a

speed limit imposed by or under any enactment

shall not render the person convicted liable to be

disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence.

(3) A person prosecuted for driving a motor

vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding a speed

limit imposed by or under any enactment shall

not be liable to be convicted solely on the evidence

of one witness to the effect that in the opinion

of the witness the person prosecuted was driving

the vehicle at a speed exceeding that limit."

(4) The following proviso shall be substituted for

proviso (a) to subsection (4) of the said section ten :—

" (a) the Minister shall not have power by

regulation under this subsection to vary the speed

limit imposed on motor vehicles by section one of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, as respects the driving

thereof on a road in a built up area, or to impose

on motor vehicles, in the case of which no speed

limit is provided by the First Schedule to that

Act, any speed limit as respects the driving thereof

on a road not in a built up area; and ".

(5) The references in subsections (5) and (6) of the

said section ten to an offence under the said section, and

the reference in subsection (6) thereof to an infringement

of the provisions of the said section, shall be deemed

to include references to driving a motor vehicle on a

road at a speed exceeding a speed limit imposed by or

under any enactment.

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

435

3. The provisions of any enactment, or of any statu- Part X.

tory rule or order, imposing a speed limit on motor — wnt.

vehicles shall not apply to any vehicle on an occasion Exemption

when it is being used for fire brigade, ambulance or ° n ea &0

police purposes, if the observance of those provisions from speed

would be likely to hinder the use of the vehicle for the limits,

purpose for which it is being used on that occasion.

4. Two years shall be substituted for six months Penalty for

as the maximum term of imprisonment to which a person reckless or

shall be liable on conviction on indictment for an offence dangerous

under section eleven of the principal Act (which relates nving '

to reckless or dangerous driving).

5. —(1) The court before which a person is convicted Exceeding

of driving a motor vehicle on a road at a speed exceed- s P ecd limits

ing a speed limit imposed by or under any enactment, , careless

or of an offence under section twelve of the principal Act (en dorse-

(which relates to careless driving), shall, unless for any ment of

special reason the court thinks fit to order otherwise, licence and

order particulars of the conviction to be endorsed on dwqualifi-

any licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under cation f

Part I of the principal Act held by the person convicted.

(2) The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (2) of the said section twelve:—

" (2) A first or second conviction for an

offence under this section shall not render the

offender liable to be disqualified for holding or

obtaining a licence for a longer period than, in

the case of a first conviction, one month, or, in

the case of a second conviction, three months:

Provided that, where within the three years

next before the date on which he is convicted for

an offence under this section the offender has been

convicted for an offence under section eleven of this Act, that conviction shall be treated for

the purposes of this subsection as if it had been

a conviction for an offence under this section."

(3) The following subsection shall be substituted

for subsection (5) of section eight of the principal Act:—

" (5) Where an order has been made in respect

of a person under this Part of this Act, or the

corresponding provisions of any Act repealed by

this Act, requiring the endorsement of any licence

436

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Past L

— cent.

Tests of

competence

to drive of

new applicants for

licences and

of offenders

ordered to

he tested.

3 Ed.7. c. 36.

held by him, he shall be entitled, either on applying

for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act or, subject to a payment of a fee of five shillings

and subject to surrender of any subsisting licence,

on application at any time, to have issued to him

a new licence free from endorsements—

(a) if he has, during a continuous period of

three years or upwards since the order was

made, had no such order made against him,

or no such order other than an order made

more than one year before the date of his

application and by reason only of a conviction for the offence of driving a motor

vehicle at a speed exceeding a speed limit;

or

(b) where the order was made by reason only of

such a conviction as aforesaid and immediately before the order was made he was

the holder of, or was entitled to have issued

to him, a licence free from any endorsement

or free from any endorsement except of

particulars in relation to such a conviction

as aforesaid, if he has during a continuous

period of one year or upwards since the

order was made had no order requiring

endorsement made against him:

Provided that in reckoning the said continuous

periods of three years and one year respectively,

any period during which the applicant was by

virtue of the order disqualified for holding or

obtaining a licence shall be excluded."

6.—(1) A licence to drive a motor vehicle shall not

be granted under Part I of the principal Act to any

applicant unless he satisfies the licensing authority that

he has either—

(a) at some time passed the prescribed test of

competence to drive; or

(b) at some time before the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four, held such a

licence, or a driver’s licence under the Motor

Car Act, 1903, authorising him to drive vehicles

of the class or description which he would be

authorised by the licence applied for to drive.

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

437

(2) The provisions of subsection (3) of section five Part I

of the principal Act (which relates to the grant of ~~cont.

provisional licences for the purpose of enabling persons

to learn to drive a motor vehicle with a view to passing

a test under that section) shall have effect as if the

reference therein to a test included a reference to a test

for the purposes of this section.

(3) The court before which a person is convicted

of an offence under section eleven of the principal Act

(which relates to reckless or dangerous driving), or under

section twelve of the principal Act (which relates to

careless driving), may, whether he has previously passed

the prescribed test of competence to drive or not and

whether or not the court makes an order under section

six of the principal Act disqualifying him for hiding or

obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle, order him

to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence to

drive a motor vehicle until he has, since the date of the order, passed that test.

(4) The provisions of the principal Act which have

effect where an order disqualifying a person for holding

or obtaining a licence is made shall have effect in relation

to a disqualification by virtue of an order under this

section subject to the following modifications—

(a) notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (6)

of section four, or of subsection (4) of section

seven, the person disqualified shall (unless he

is disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence

otherwise than by virtue of an order under

this section) be entitled to obtain and to hold

a provisional licence to be granted (where the

person disqualified is the holder of a licence,

by the licensing authority by which that

licence was granted) under subsection (3) of

section five of the principal Act, and to drive a

motor vehicle in accordance with the conditions

subject to which the provisional licence is

granted;

(b) subsection (3) of section seven (which relates

to applications to the court to remove disqualifications) shall not apply, but the disqualification

shall be deemed to have expired on production

to the licensing authority of evidence in the

438

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cent.

prescribed form that the person disqualified

has, since the order was made, passed the

prescribed test;

(c) on the return to the person disqualified of any

licence to drive a motor vehicle held by him,

or on the issue to him of such a licence, there

shall be added to the endorsed particulars

of the disqualification a statement that the

person disqualified has, since the order was

made, passed the prescribed test.

(5) The Minister may make regulations with respect

to the nature of tests of competence to drive for the

purposes of this section, to the qualifications, selection

and appointment of persons by whom they may be

conducted and to the revocation of any appointment, to

evidence of the results thereof and generally with respect

thereto, and in particular, but without prejudice to the

generality of the foregoing provisions, regulations made

under this section may provide—

(a) for requiring a person submitting himself for a

test to provide a vehicle for the purposes thereof;

(b) for requiring a person submitting himself for a

test to pay to the person conducting the test

such fee, not exceeding ten shillings, as may be

specified in the regulations;

(c) for ensuring that a person submitting himself

for a test and failing to pass that test shall not

be eligible to submit himself to another test by

the same or any other person before the expiration of a prescribed period, except under an

order made by a court of summary jurisdiction

under the power conferred by the next succeeding

subsection;

and different regulations may be made with respect

to tests of competence to drive different classes or

descriptions of vehicles.

(6) A court of summary jurisdiction acting for

the petty sessional division in which a person who has

submitted himself for a test of competence to drive

resides shall have power on the application of that

person to determine whether the test was properly conducted in accordance with the regulations, and, if it

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

439

appears to the court that the test was not so conducted, Part I.

the court may order that the applicant shall be eligible — cont -

to submit himself to another test before the expiration

of the period prescribed for the purposes of paragraph (c)

of the last foregoing subsection, and may order that any

fee payable by the applicant in respect of the test shall

not be paid or, if it has been paid, shall be repaid.

(7) The Minister may make regulations providing

for dispensing, in the case of persons not resident in

Great Britain, with the requirements of subsection (1)

of this section.

(8) In this section the expression "licence to drive a

motor vehicle" means a licence to drive a motor vehicle

granted under Part I of the principal Act.

7 . — (1) An order varying the periods of time Amendment

prescribed in section nineteen of the principal Act (which of BS - (3) of

relates to the time for which drivers of certain vehicles 8 ‘ 19 . of

may remain continuously on duty) may be made under cipa

subsection (3) of the said section so as to have effect only

as respects a particular class of public service vehicles,

or only as respects public service vehicles when used in

particular circumstances.

(2) Where an application is made under the said

subsection (3) as respects drivers of stage carriages when

used either—

(a) on regular services under a road service licence

to which a condition requiring the observance

of a timetable is attached; or

(b) on regular services in respect of which no road

service licence is required;

then, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Industrial

Court and the Minister that the conditions under which

the services are operated are such as to secure that the

periods deemed to be continuous periods for the purposes

of the said section during which the vehicles are driven

include times in which the drivers are able to obtain

rest and refreshment, the Industrial Court, in advising

on the application, and the Minister in giving his

determination thereon, may have regard to those conditions.

440

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cant.

Prohibition

of sale of

vehicles in,

or alteration

thereof to, a

condition

not complying with

regulations

as to construction,

&c.

Extension of

power to

regulate

use of

appliances

for

{signalling

approach by

sound.

Duty ol

insurers

to satisfy

8. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section

it shall not be lawful to sell, or to supply, or to offer to

sell or supply, a motor vehicle or trailer for delivery in

such a condition that the use thereof on a road in that

condition would be unlawful by virtue of the provisions

of section three of the principal Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section it shall

not be lawful to alter a motor vehicle or trailer so as to

render its condition such that the use thereof on a road

in that condition would be unlawful by virtue of the

provisions of the said section three.

(3) If a motor vehicle or trailer is sold, supplied,

offered, or altered, in contravention of the provisions of this section, any person who so sells, supplies, offers, or

alters it, or causes or permits it to be so sold, supplied,

offered, or altered, shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) A person shall not be convicted for an offence

under this section in respect of the sale, supply, offer, or

alteration of a motor vehicle or trailer if he proves that it

was sold, supplied, offered, or altered, as the case may be,

for export from Great Britain, or that he had reasonable

cause to believe that the vehicle or trailer would not be

used on a road in Great Britain, or would not be so used

until it had been put into a condition in which it might

lawfully be so used.

9. The power conferred on the Minister by section

thirty of the principal Act to make regulations with

respect to the use of appliances fitted to motor vehicles

for signalling their approach shall extend to the making,

in relation to appliances for signalling by sound, of

different regulations as respects different times of the

day or night and as respects roads in different localities,

and of regulations prohibiting their use at any times,

and on or in any roads or localities, specified in the

regulations.

Part II.

Amendments as to Provision against Third-Party

Risks.

10 . —(1) If, after a certificate of insurance has been

delivered under subsection (5) of section thirty-six of the

principal Act to the person by whom a policy has been

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

441

effected, judgment in respect of any such liability as is

required to be covered by a policy under paragraph (b)

of subsection (1) of section thirty-six of the principal

Act (being a liability covered by the terms of the

policy) is obtained against any person insured by the

policy, then, notwithstanding that the insurer may be

entitled to avoid or cancel, or may have avoided or cancelled, the policy, the insurer shall, subject to the provisions of this section, pay to the persons entitled to the

benefit of the judgment any sum payable thereunder in

respect of the liability, including any amount payable in

respect of costs and any sum payable in respect of interest

on that sum by virtue of any enactment relating to

interest on judgments.

Part II.

— cont.

judgments

against

persons

insured in

respect of

third-party

risks.

(2) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the

foregoing provisions of this section—

(a) in respect of any judgment, unless before or

within seven days after the commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment was

given, the insurer had notice of the bringing of the proceedings; or

(b) in respect of any judgment, so long as execution

thereon is stayed pending an appeal; or

(c) in connection with any liability, if before the happening of the event which was the cause of the

death or bodily injury giving rise to the liability,

the policy was cancelled by mutual consent or

by virtue of any provision contained therein,

and either—

(i) before the happening of the said event the

certificate was surrendered to the insurer, or

the person to whom the certificate was delivered made a statutory declaration stating

that the certificate had been lost or destroyed,

or

(ii) after the happening of the said event,

but before the expiration of a period of fourteen days from the taking effect of the cancellation of the policy, the certificate was

surrendered to the insurer, or the person to

whom the certificate was delivered made such

a statutory declaration as aforesaid, or

442

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— cont.

(iii) either before or after the happening of the said event, but within the said period of

fourteen days, the insurer has commenced proceedings under this Part of this Act in respect

of the failure to surrender the certificate.

(3) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the

foregoing provisions of this section, if, in an action

commenced before, or within three months after, the

commencement of the proceedings in which the judgment

was given, he has obtained a declaration that, apart

from any provision contained in the policy, he is entitled

to avoid it on the ground that it was obtained by the

non-disclosure of a material fact, or by a representation

of fact which was false in some material particular, or, if

he has avoided the policy on that ground, that he was

entitled so to do apart from any provision contained in it:

Provided that an insurer who ha3 obtained such a

declaration as aforesaid in an action shall not thereby

become entitled to the benefit of this subsection as

respects any judgment obtained in proceedings commenced before the commencement of that action, unless

before or within seven days after the commencement of

that action he has given notice thereof to the person who

is the plaintiff in the said proceedings specifying the

non-disclosure or false representation on which he proposes

to rely, and any person to whom notice of such an action

is so given shall be entitled, if he thinks fit, to be made

a party thereto.

(4) If the amount which an insurer becomes liable

under this section to pay in respect of a liability of

a person insured by a policy exceeds the amount for

which he would, apart from the provisions of this section,

be liable under the policy in respect of that liability, he

shall be entitled to recover the excess from that person.

(5) In this section the expression "material " means

of such a nature as to influence the judgment of a

prudent insurer in determining whether he will take the

risk, and, if so, at what premium and on what conditions,

and the expression "liability covered by the terms

of the policy" means a liability which is covered by

the policy or which would be so covered but for the

fact that the insurer is entitled to avoid or cancel, or

has avoided or cancelled, the policy.

1934.

Read Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

443

(6) In this Part of this Act references to a certificate

of insurance in any provision relating to the surrender,

or the loss or destruction, of a certificate of insurance shall,

in relation to policies under which more than one certificate is issued, be construed as references to all the

certificates, and shall, where any copy has been issued

of any certificate, be construed as including a reference

to that copy.

11. Where a certificate of insurance has been

delivered under subsection (5) of section thirty-six of the principal Act to the person by whom a policy has

been effected, the happening in relation to any person

insured by the policy of any such event as is mentioned

in subsection (1), or subsection (2), of section one of the

Third Parties (Rights against Insurers) Act, 1930, shall,

notwithstanding anything in that Act, not affect any such

liability of that person as is required to be covered by a

policy under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section

thirty-six of the principal Act, but nothing in this

section shall affect any rights against the insurer

conferred by that Act on the person to whom the

liability was incurred.

12 . Where a certificate of insurance has been delivered

under subsection (5) of section thirty-six of the principal

Act to the person by whom a policy has been effected,

so much of the policy as purports to restrict the insurance

of the persons insured thereby by reference to any of the following matters:—

(a) the age or physical or mental condition of

persons driving the vehicle; or

(b) the condition of the vehicle; or

(c) the number of persons that the vehicle carries;

or

(d) the weight or physical characteristics of the

goods that the vehicle carries; or

(e) the times at which or the areas within which

the vehicle is used; or

(f) the horse power or value of the vehicle; or

(?) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular

apparatus; or

Part II.

—COTlt,

Bankruptcy

&c. of insured persons

not to affect

certain

olaims by

third

parties.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c. 25.

Avoidance

of restrictions on

scope of

policies

covering;

third-party

risks.

444

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Past n.

— cont.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. o.72.

Duty of

persons

against

whom

claims are

made to

give information as to

insurance.

Duty to

surrender

certificate

on cancellation of

policy.

(h) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular

means of identification other than any means

of identification required to be carried by or

under the Roads Act, 1920;

shall, as respects such liabilities as are required to be

covered by a policy under paragraph (b) of subsection (1)

of section thirty-six of the principal Act, be of no effect:

Provided that nothing in this section shall require

an insurer to pay any sum in respect of the liability

of any person otherwise than in or towards the discharge

of that liability, and any sum paid by an insurer in

or towards the discharge of any liability of any person

which is covered by the policy by virtue only of this

section shall be recoverable by the insurer from that

person.

13 . —(1) Any person against whom a claim is made

in respect of any such liability as is required to be covered

by a policy under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section

thirty-six of the principal Act shall, on demand by or on

behalf of the person making the claim, state whether

or not he was insured in respect of that liability by

any policy having effect for the purposes of Part II of the principal Act, or would have been so insured if the

insurer had not avoided or cancelled the policy, and, if he

was or would have been so insured, give such particulars

with respect to that policy as were specified in the

certificate of insurance delivered in respect thereof under

subsection (5) of section thirty-six of the principal Act.

(2) If, without reasonable excuse, any person fails

to comply with the provisions of this section, or

wilfully makes any false statement in reply to* any such

demand as aforesaid, he shall be guilty of an offence.

14 . Where a certificate of insurance has been

delivered under subsection (5) of section thirty-six of the

principal Act to the person by whom a policy has been

effected and the policy is cancelled by mutual consent or

by virtue of any provision in the policy, the person to

whom the certificate was delivered shall, within seven

days from the taking effect of the cancellation, surrender

the certificate to the insurer or, if it has been lost or

destroyed, make a statutory declaration to that effect,

and if he fails so to do he shall be guilty of an offence.

1934. Road Traffic Ch. 50.

Act, 1934.

15 . The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act

shall apply in relation to securities having effect for the

purposes of Part II of the principal Act as they apply in

relation to policies of insurance, and in relation to any

such security as aforesaid, references in the said provisions to being insured, to a certificate of insurance, to

an insurer, and to persons insured, shall be construed

respectively as references to the having in force of the

security, to the certificate of security, to the giver of the

security, and to the persons whose liability is covered by

the security.

16 . — (1)Where medical or surgical treatment or

examination is immediately required as a result of bodily

injury (including fatal injury) to any person caused by, or

arising out of, the use of a motor vehicle on a road, and

the treatment or examination so required (in this section

referred to as " emergency treatment ") is effected by a

registered medical practitioner, the person who was using

the vehicle at the time of the event out of which the

bodily injury arose shall, on a claim being made in

accordance with the provisions of the next succeeding

section, pay to the practitioner, or, where emergency

treatment is effected by more than one practitioner, to

the practitioner by whom it is first effected—

(a) a fee of twelve shillings and sixpence in respect

of each person in whose case the emergency

treatment is effected by him; and

(b) a sum, in respect of any distance in excess of two

miles which he must cover in order to proceed

from the place whence he is summoned to the

place where the emergency treatment is carried

out by him and to return to the first-mentioned

place, equal to sixpence for every complete

mile and additional part of a mile of that

distance.

(2) Where emergency treatment is first effected in a

hospital (that is to say, an institution, not being an

institution carried on for profit, which provides medical

or surgical treatment for in-patient3) the provisions of the foregoing subsection with respect to the payment of

a fee shall, so far as applicable, have effect with the

substitution of references to the hospital for references

to a registered medical practitioner.

445

Part II.

— cont.

Application

of this Partj

to securities

given under

Part II of the principal Act.

Payments

and insurance in

respect of

emergency

treatment of

injuries

arising

from the

use of

motor

vehicles on

roads.

446

Ch. 60.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part II. (3) Liability incurred under this section by the

—cont. person using a vehicle shall, where the event out of which

it arose was caused by the wrongful act of another person,

be treated for the purposes of any claim to recover

damage by reason of that wrongful act as damage

sustained by the person using the vehicle.

(4) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section

thirty-six of the principal Act, the reference to liability

in respect of death or bodily injury shall be deemed to

include a reference to liability to make a payment under

this section in respect of emergency treatment required

as a result of bodily injury, and the proviso to that

paragraph shall not have effect as respects liability to

make a payment under this section.

17.—(1) A chief officer of police shall, if so requested

by a person who alleges that he is entitled to claim a

payment under the last foregoing section, furnish to that

person any information at the disposal of the chief officer

as to the identification marks of any motor vehicle which

that person alleges to be a vehicle out of the use of which

the bodily injury arose, and as to the identity and address

of the person who was using the vehicle at the time of the

event out of which it arose.

(2) A claim for a payment under the last foregoing

section may be made at the time when the emergency

treatment is effected, by oral request to the person

who was using the vehicle, and if not so made must

be made by request in writing served on him within

seven days from the day on which the emergency

treatment was effected.

(3) A request in writing must be signed by the

claimant or, in the case of a hospital, by an executive

officer thereof, must state the name and address of the

claimant, the circumstances in which the emergency

treatment was effected, and that it was first effected by

the claimant, or, in the case of a hospital, in the hospital.

(4) A request in writing may be served by delivering

it to the person who was using the vehicle, or by sending

it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to him at his

usual or last-known address.

(5) A sum payable under the last foregoing section

shall be recoverable as if it were a simple contract debt

Provisions

as to

claims for,

and supplementary

provisions

as to,

payments

for

emergency

treatment.

1934. Road Traffic Ch. 50.

Act, 1934.

due from the person who was using the vehicle to the

practitioner or the hospital.

(6) A payment made under the last foregoing section

to a practitioner or hospital shall operate as a discharge,

to the extent of the amount paid, of any liability of the

person who was using the vehicle, or of any other person,

to pay any sum in respect of the expenses or remuneration

of the practitioner or hospital of or for effecting the

emergency treatment.

(7) A payment under the last foregoing section

shall not be deemed to be a payment by an authorised

insurer or owner for- the purposes of subsection (2) of

section thirty-six of the principal Act.

Part III.

Amendment oe Law relating to Highways.

18.—(1) Crossings for foot-passengers may be established on roads in accordance with the provisions of this

section.

(2) The Minister may make regulations with respect

to the precedence of vehicles and foot-passengers respectively, and generally with respect to the movement of

traffio (including foot-passengers), at and in the vicinity

of a crossing (including regulations prohibiting foot-

passenger traffic on the carriage-way within one hundred

yards of a crossing), and with respect to the indication

of the limits of a crossing by marks on the roadway or

otherwise, and to the erection of traffic signs in

connection therewith.

(3) Different regulations may be made under this

section in relation to different traffic conditions and,

in particular, but without prejudice to the generality

of the foregoing words, different regulations may be made

in relation to crossings in the vicinity of, and at a

distance from, a junction of roads, and to traffic which

is controlled by the police, and by traffic signals, and by

different kinds of traffic signals, and which is not

controlled.

(4) Within such period after the commencement

of this section as the Minister may by order determine,

the council of every borough, urban district and county

447

Part n.

— cont.

Foot-

passenger

crossings.

448

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part m.

— cont.

shall, after consultation with the chief officer of police

and after giving public notice that they propose so to

do, submit to the Minister either a scheme containing

proposals for the establishment of crossings in the borough,

or in the urban district, or in the rural districts in the

county, as the case may be, or if it appears to them that

the establishment of crossings in the borough, or in the

urban district, or in any rural district in the county, as

the case may be, is unnecessary, a statement of the

reasons why they consider the establishment of crossings

therein to be unnecessary, and in any case in wffiich such a

statement as aforesaid has been submitted the Minister

may, if it appears to him that crossings ought to be

established in the borough or district to which the

statement relates and after giving to the council by whom

the statement was submitted an opportunity of making

representations, require the council to submit a scheme in

relation thereto.

(5) A scheme submitted under the last foregoing

subsection shall specify either the positions of the proposed crossings, or the lengths of road, or the areas, in

which they are to be established and the number proposed

for any length of road or area, and the Minister may,

if he thinks fit, approve the scheme with or without

modification.

(6) A scheme under this section may be varied from

time to time, or may be revoked, by a subsequent scheme

submitted and approved as aforesaid, or by an order

made by the Minister after giving to the council by

whom the scheme was submitted an opportunity of

making representations.

(7) It shall be the duty of the council by whom a

scheme was submitted to execute any works (including

the placing, erection, maintenance, alteration, and

removal of marks and traffic signs) required in connection

with the establishment of crossings in accordance with

the provisions of the scheme for the time being in force, or

with the indication thereof in accordance with the

regulations having effect as respects the crossings, or

required in consequence of a variation or revocation

of the scheme, and if the council make default in the

execution of any such works, the Minister may execute

the works and recover summarily as a civil debt from

the council the expenses incurred by him in so doing.

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

449

(8) If any person contravenes any of the provisions

of a regulation having effect as respects a crossing,

he shall in respect of each offence be liable to a fine not

exceeding such amount (being five pounds or less) as

may be specified by regulations made under this section

as the maximum fine in relation to a breach of that

regulation.

(9) In this section the expression "crossing " means

a crossing for foot-passengers established in accordance

with the provisions for the time being in force of a scheme

submitted and approved under this section and indicated

in accordance with the regulations having effect as respects

that crossing, and for the purposes of a prosecution

for a contravention of any of the provisions of a regulation

having effect as respects a crossing the crossing shall be

deemed to be established and indicated as aforesaid unless

the contrary is proved.

(10) This section, in its application to the London

Traffic Area constituted under the London Traffic Act,

1924, shall have effect subject to such adaptations as may

be specified in an order made by the Minister.

Any order made for the purposes of this subsection

may be varied by a subsequent order and shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after

it is made, and shall not have effect until it has lain upon

the Table of each House of Parliament for a period of not

less than twenty-eight days during which the House has

sat, and if either House during that period presents an

Address to His Majesty praying that the order may be

annulled, the order shall not come into force, but without

prejudice to the making of a new order.

19.—(1) The Minister may by regulations provide, in

the case of bicycles not propelled by mechanical power

and other vehicles to or on which red reflectors are

attached or carried, that the provisions of the Road

Transport Lighting Act, 1927, which exempt any such

vehicles from the obligation to show a red light to

the rear shall not have effect unless there is also

exhibited on the vehicle a white surface in accordance

with the regulations.

(2) If any person sells, or offers for sale, any

appliance adapted for use as a reflector to be carried

Ff

Part III.

— cont.

Provisions

as to

reflectors on

bicycles, &c.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. o. 37.

450

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part III.

— cont.

Restriction

on carriage

of persons

on bicycles

Regulations

as to brakes

on pedal

cycles.

Regulations

as to the

removal

from roads

of vehicles

abandoned,

&c.

on a vehicle in accordance with the provisions of the

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927, or of any regulations made thereunder, not being a reflector which

complies with the conditions prescribed under section

nine of that Act, he shall be liable, in the case of a

first offence, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and

in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to

a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

20. —(1) It shall not be lawful for more than one

person to be carried on a road on a bicycle not propelled by mechanical power unless it is constructed or

adapted for the carriage of more than one person.

(2) If any person is carried on such a bicycle in

contravention of the provisions of the foregoing subsection, each of the persons carried shall be liable in the

case of a first conviction to a fine not exceeding five

pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent

conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(3) In this section references to a person carried on a

bicycle shall include references to a person riding the

bicycle.

21. The power conferred on the Minister by

paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the principal Act to make regulations for regulating the

number, nature, and use of brakes in the case of vehicles

drawn by horses shall extend to the making of such

regulations in the case of bicycles and tricycles not being

motor vehicles.

22. —(1) The following paragraph shall be substituted

for paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the principal Act (which empowers the Minister to make

regulations for the purposes therein specified):—

" (c) for making provision for the removal from

roads, and safe custody, of vehicles which have

broken down, or which have been permitted to

remain at rest on a road in such a position or in

such condition or in such circumstances as to

be likely to cause danger to other persons using

the road, or to appear to have been abandoned,

and of the loads carried thereby."

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

451

(2) The following subsection shall be inserted at the

end of the said section fifty-nine :—

" (3) Expenses payable out of a police fund

incurred in the execution of duties imposed by

regulations made under paragraph (c) of subsection

(1) of this section shall be recoverable summarily

by or on behalf of the chief officer of police as a

civil debt from the owner of the vehicle, and sums

so recovered shall be paid into the police fund."

23.—(1) Notwithstanding the powers conferred

upon the councils of non-county boroughs and urban

and rural districts by or in pursuance of sections one

hundred and sixty-one and two hundred and seventy-

six of the Public Health Act, 1875, or otherwise, and

upon parish meetings and parish councils in rural

parishes, who have, in pursuance of section seven of the Local Government Act, 1894, adopted the provisions of the Lighting and Watching Act, 1833, the

council of a county may, if they consider that any

county road or part thereof should be illuminated or

better illuminated, enter into and carry into effect

an agreement for the supply for that purpose of gas,

electricity, or other means of illumination, with the

road fighting authority, or with any other authority

or person having power in that behalf, and may

provide such lamps, lamp-posts, and other materials and

apparatus as they may think necessary for the purposes

of this section:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed

to be in derogation of the powers conferred as aforesaid

upon the councils of non-county boroughs and urban and

rural districts or upon parish meetings or councils in

rural parishes.

(2) Before exercising the power conferred on them

by this section, a county council shall give notice to the

road fighting authority specifying the road, or part of

a road, which in the opinion of the county council should

be illuminated or better illuminated and any particular

requirement in that behalf which in their opinion ought

to be satisfied, and shall not exercise the said power unless

the road fighting authority have at the expiration of a

reasonable time after receipt of the notice, failed to provide

such illumination or better illumination as is requisite for

Ff 2

Part HI.

— cont.

Power of

county

councils to

light roads.

38 & 39 Vict,

o. 55.

56 & 57 Vict,

o. 73.

3 & 4 Will. 4.

c. 90.

452

Part III.

— cont.

Classification of public service

vehicles.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

the adequate lighting of the road or part of a road, or to

comply with any reasonable requirement of the county

council in that behalf.

Any question arising under this subsection as to what

lighting is adequate, or as to what length of time is

reasonable, or as to whether any requirement is reasonable,

shall be determined by the Minister.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, all expenses

incurred by the council of a county under this section shall

be expenses for general county purposes:

Provided that a road lighting authority who have,

in any year ending on the thirty-first day of March, provided lighting for the county roads in their area shall, if

they so request, be entitled to receive from the council of the county the amount raised by that council in that

area in respect of expenses incurred by them under this

section in that year, unless the council of the county

have in that year exercised the power conferred on them

by this section in respect of a road, or part of a road, in

that area.

(4) In this section the expression "road lighting

authority " means, as respects any county road or part

thereof, the council or meeting on whom any of the powers

referred to in subsection (1) of this section are conferred

as respects that road or that part thereof.

Part IV.

Public Service Vehicles and Licences of Drivers

of Heavy Goods Vehicles.

Public Service Vehicles.

24. The following paragraphs shall be substituted

for paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of section

sixty-one of the principal Act (which relates to the

classification of public service vehicles):—

" (a) Stage carriages; that is to say motor vehicles

carrying passengers for hire or reward at separate

fares and not being express carriages as hereinafter defined;

(b) Express carriages; that is to say motor vehicles

carrying passengers for hire or reward at

1934. Road Traffic Ch. 50.

Act, 1934.

separate fares none of which is less than one

shilling or such greater sum as may be prescribed:

for the purposes of this paragraph—

(i) a composite fare for more than one

journey shall not be regarded as representing the aggregate of fares of any less

amount; and

(ii) no account shall be taken of any fare

which is charged in the case of children, or

of workmen, or of students, if a fare of

one shilling, or of such greater sum as may

be prescribed, or more, is charged for the

like service in the case of all passengers

not falling within any of those descriptions; ".

25.—(1) For the purposes of the proviso to subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the principal Act, a vehicle

shall be deemed to be used on a special occasion for the

conveyance of a private party where it is used on a

journey in relation to which the following conditions are

satisfied, and not otherwise (that is to say):—

(a) arrangements for the bringing together of all

the passengers for the purpose of making the

journey as a party must have been made by

some person, not being the holder of the public

service vehicle licence in respect of the vehicle

or a person acting on behalf of the holder of

such a licence or a person who receives any

remuneration in respect of those arrangements;

(b) the journey must be made without previous

advertisement to the public of the arrangements

therefor;

(c) all the passengers must, in the ease of a journey

to a particular destination, be carried to, or to

the vicinity of, that destination, or, in the case

of a tour, be carried for the greater part of the

journey;

(d) no differentiation of fares for the journey on the

basis of distance or of time must be made;

(e) in the case of a journey to a particular destination the passengers must not include any person

453

Part IV.

— amt.

Amendment

as to use of

vehicles on

special

occasions

for the

conveyance

of private

parties.

454

Part IV.

— cont.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

who frequently, or as a matter of routine,

travels, at or about the time of day at which

the journey is made, to that destination from

a place from or through which the journey is

made;

(f) the holder of the public service vehicle licence in

respect of the vehicle must, within the prescribed

time, make or cause to be made a record containing the prescribed particulars in relation to the

matters referred to in the foregoing conditions

and otherwise in relation to the journey, so

however that the regulations shall not require

particulars of fares or prices to be recorded; and

(g) the driver of the vehicle must carry a work ticket

containing such particulars as may be prescribed

for the purpose of enabling the record of the

journey made under the last foregoing paragraph

to be traced and identified.

(2) The driver of a vehicle shall, on demand by a

police constable in uniform, or by a person authorised by

any traffic commissioners, on production if so required of

that person’s authority, produce a work ticket carried by

him under this section for inspection by the constable or

person authorised, and if the driver fails so to do he shall

be guilty of an offence.

(3) The person by whom a record is required by this

section to be made shall preserve it for a period of six

months from the date on which it is made, and shall, if

required so to do at any time during that period, produce

it for inspection by any person authorised by any traffic

commissioners, on production if so required of that

person’s authority, and if he fails so to do he shall be

guilty of an offence.

(4) If, with intent to deceive, any person alters an

entry in a record made under this section he shall be

guilty of a misdemeanour and shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding two years;

(b) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding four months or to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such

imprisonment and fine.

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

455

26 . Where, under a transaction effected by or on Part IV.

behalf of a member of a society on the one hand and the — cont -

society or another member thereof on the other hand, a j rra f‘S e -

person is earned as a passenger in a motor vehicle m between

such circumstances that he would be deemed to be carried members of

for hire or reward if the transaction were effected societies for

otherwise than as aforesaid, then, notwithstanding any carriage

rule of law, he shall for the purposes of the principal in o tor

Act and of this Act be deemed to be carried for hire or ve 10 es '

reward.

In this section the expression "society" means any

association of persons whether incorporated or not.

27 . Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of Amendment

section sixty-four of the principal Act, it shall not be 1° public

obligatory on the commissioners to hold a public sitting ltfc "g 8 of

for the hearing or determination oi an application for missionerg

the grant or backing of a road service licence where it

appears from the particulars submitted that the services

which it is proposed to provide will not be operated on

more than six days in any period of twelve months and

that passengers will not be carried on any journey

included in those services otherwise than at day return

fares.

28 . — (1)Where from the particulars submitted on Road ser-

an application for a road service licence made to the v ' c ° licences

traffic commissioners of any traffio area it appears that for corridor

v a a QtfPflA

the applicant proposes to provide a service on a route

running through another traffic area (in this section

referred to as " a corridor area ") in which the following conditions ‘will be observed, that is to say, that

passengers will not be taken up or set down therein, or

permitted to alight therein for the purpose of sight-seeing,

or for any other purpose requiring the vehicle to be

halted for a period of more than fifteen minutes, the

commissioners may grant a licence subject to observance

of those conditions, and a licence so granted shall be valid

in the corridor area as if it had been backed in the prescribed manner by the commissioners of the corridor area.

(2) The commissioners, before granting a licence

having validity under the foregoing subsection, shall

consult the commissioners of the corridor area as to the

route to be followed in the corridor area in connection

with the provision of the service under the licence, and

456

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Interpretation and

amendment

of certain

provisions

as to charges

for use of

parking

places.

Lost

property.

65 & 56

Vict. c. 55.

Licences of

drivers of

heavy goods

vehicles.

may attach to the licence such conditions as they may

think fit with respect to the route to be so followed.

29 . —(1) For removing doubts it is hereby declared

that the powers conferred on a local authority by subsections (2) and (3) of section ninety of the principal

Act (which relate to the appointment of a parking

place as a station for public service vehicles and confer

amongst other powers a power to make certain charges)

are in addition to, and not in substitution for, the powers

conferred on a local authority by section sixty-eight of the Public Health Act, 1925 (which relates to the provision of parking places and confers amongst other powers

a power to make regulations as to certain charges).

(2) A local authority shall have power to make

charges for the use of a parking place, not being part

of a street, as a station for public service vehicles.

The charges to be made under this subsection as

respects any vehicles shall be such reasonable charges

as may be fixed by the local authority, so however,

that if the public service vehicle licence holder in respect

of any vehicles using the parking place as a station

considers that the charges fixed are unreasonable, then,

in default of agreement between the licence holder and

the local authority for a reduction thereof, the charges

in respect of those vehicles shall be such as may be

determined by the Minister.

30 . Such of the provisions of section four hundred

and twelve of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and

of any local Act, as relate to the safe custody and redelivery or disposal of property accidentally left in a

vehicle, or to fixing charges made in respect thereof, shall

cease to have effect so far as regards property left in a

public service vehicle.

Drivers' Licences (Heavy Goods Vehicles).

31 . —(1) A person shall not drive a heavy goods

vehicle on a road unless he is licensed for the purpose

under this section, or is licensed under Part IV of the

principal Act to drive all types of single-deck public

service vehicles, and a person shall not employ any

person, who is not so licensed, to drive a heavy goods

vehicle on a road, and if any person acts in contravention

of this section he shall be guilty of an offence.

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

457

(2) The person who is the chairman of the traffic

commissioners of any traffic area, including any person for

the time being appointed by the Minister to act as deputy

to the chairman, shall have the power and be charged

with the duty of granting licences under this section and

is in this section referred to as " the licensing authority",

and an application for a licence shall be made to the

licensing authority of the traffic area in which the applicant for the licence resides.

This section shall have effect as respects the Metropolitan traffic area with the substitution of a reference to

the traffic commissioner of that area for the reference to

the chairman of the traffic commissioners.

(3) Such fees as the Minister may prescribe shall be

charged by licensing authorities in respect of the grant of

licences, and any fees received by them shall be paid into

the Road Fund in such manner as the Treasury may

direct.

(4) A licence may be limited to such class or classes

of vehicles as may be specified in the licence.

(5) Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding

subsection, the licensing authority may require an

applicant for a licence to satisfy him as to the applicant’s

competence to drive by subjection to a test, and to

provide a vehicle for the purposes of the test.

(6) On the first application for a licence by a person

who satisfies the licensing authority that in the course of the year ending on the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, he has been, during any period

or periods of, or amounting in the aggregate to, six

months, in the habit of driving a heavy goods vehicle,

and on payment o£ the prescribed fee, the licensing

authority shall grant the licence, and the provisions of the last foregoing subsection shall not apply in relation

to such an application.

(7) A licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for three years from the date on which it is

expressed to take effect, but may at any time be suspended

or revoked by the licensing authority of the area in

which it was granted upon the ground that, by reason of

his conduct as a driver of a motor vehicle or of physical

disability, the holder is not a fit person to hold such a

Part IV.

— cant.

458

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Part IV. licence, and during any time of suspension a licence shall

— cont - be of no effect.

(8) Any person who, being the holder of, or an

applicant for, a licence, feels aggrieved by the refusal or

failure of the licensing authority to grant, or by the

suspension or revocation of, a licence, or by any limitation

imposed thereon, may by notice in writing to the

licensing authority require him to reconsider the matter,

and shall on a reconsideration be entitled to be heard

either personally or by his representative.

Any person who is so aggrieved as aforesaid, or who

is dis-satisfied with the decision of the licensing authority

on reconsideration of the matter, may appeal to a court

of summary jurisdiction acting for the petty sessional

division in which the applicant resides, and on any such

appeal the court may make such order as it thinks fit

and any order so made shall be binding on the licensing

authority.

(9) Where the applicant for a licence, who is at the

date of his application the holder of a licence, appeals

under this section on the ground of refusal or failure to

grant the licence, the existing licence shall continue in

force until the appeal has been disposed of, notwithstanding that the licence would otherwise have expired.

(10) Section ninety-four of the principal Act (which

confers on the Minister power to make regulations for

the purpose of Part IV of that Act) shall have effect as if

references therein to drivers, and to classes, of public

service vehicles included references to drivers, and to

classes, of heavy goods vehicles.

(11) This section shall not apply to the driving of,

or to the employment of a person to drive, a vehicle

in any case where the excise duty in respect of the vehicle

10 & 11 under section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1920, is

Geo. 5. c. 18. chargeable at the rate applicable to vehicles specified in

sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 4 of the Second Schedule

to that Act, for any of the agricultural or other

ancillary purposes for which exclusively the vehicle

must be used if the duty is to remain chargeable

at that rate.

(12) In this section the expression "licence " means

a licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle granted under

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

459

this section, and the expression "heavy goods vehicle "

means a vehicle of any of the following classes which is

constructed or adapted for hauling or carrying goods or

burden of any description, that is to say, a heavy locomotive, a light locomotive, a motor tractor, a heavy

motor-car, and a motor-car so constructed that a trailer

may by partial superimposition be attached thereto in

such a manner as to cause a substantial part of the weight

of the trailer to be borne thereby.

32.—(1) Subsection (1) of the last foregoing section

shall not have effect as respects the driving of a

heavy goods vehicle by a person who, at the date of the

commencement of that subsection, is the holder of a

licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under Part I of the principal Act, or as respects the employment of such

a person to drive such a vehicle, so long as that licence

remains in force.

(2) With a view to spreading the work of granting

licences to drive a heavy goods vehicle and licences to

drive or act as conductor of a public service vehicle, the

licensing authority, or the commissioners, as the case

may be, may, on an application for such a licence made

within four years from the passing of this Act, direct that

any licence granted on the application shall, notwithstanding anything in the provisions of this Act or of the

principal Act relating to the expiry of licences by the

effluxion of time, unless previously revoked, continue in

force during such period, being a period of not less than

one nor more than three years from the date on which

the licence is expressed to take effect, as the licensing

authority or the commissioners, as the case may be,

may at the time of the granting of the licence determine.

Part V.

Legal Proceedings, Miscellaneous and General.

33.—(1) Notwithstanding any enactment prescribing

the time within which proceedings may be brought before

a court of summary jurisdiction, proceedings for an

offence under section one hundred and twelve of the

principal Act, or under section thirty-four of the Road

and Rail Traffic Act, 1933 (which respectively relate

Part W.

— cord *

Transitional

provisions

as to certain drivers *

licences.

Provisions

as to certain

legal proceedings.

460

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Ge 0, *•

Part V.

— cont.

to the forgery of licences and other matters), may be

so brought—

(a) within a period of six months from the date

of the commission of the alleged offence; or

(b) within a period which exceeds neither three

months from the date on which it came to the

knowledge of the prosecutor that the offence

had been committed nor one year from the date

of the commission of the offence;

whichever period is the longer.

(2) Particulars of a conviction endorsed on a licence

to drive a motor vehicle granted under Part I of the

principal Act may be produced as prima facie evidence

of the conviction.

(3) Where a person is prosecuted for driving a

motor vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding a

speed limit imposed by or under any enactment, or

for an offence under section eleven of the principal

Act (which relates to reckless or dangerous driving), or

section twelve of the principal Act (which relates to

careless driving), or section fifteen of the principal

Act (which relates to driving when under the influence

of drink or drugs), then, if at the time of the alleged

offence he is the holder of a licence to drive a motor

vehicle granted under Part I of the principal Act, he

shall either cause it to be delivered to the clerk of the

court not later than the day before the date appointed

for the hearing, or send it by registered letter duly

addressed to the clerk and posted at such a time that

in the ordinary course of post it would be delivered

not later than that day, or have it with him at the

hearing and, if he is convicted of the offence, the court

may require the licence to be produced to it.

(4) If default is made in the production of a licence

pursuant to a requirement under the last foregoing

subsection, the holder shall be guilty of an offence,

and the licence shall be suspended from the time of the requirement until it is produced to the court.

(5) The provisions of subsections (3) and (4) of this section shall have effect, in the case of licences

to which they apply, in substitution for the provisions

of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section eight of the principal Act.

1934. j Road Traffic Ch. 50.

Act, 1934.

34 . Upon the trial of a person who is indicted for

manslaughter in connection with the driving of a motor

vehicle by him, it shall be lawful for the jury, if they are

satisfied that he is guilty of an offence under section eleven

of the principal Act (which relates to reckless or dangerous

driving) to find him guilty of that offence, whether or not

the requirements of section twenty-one of the principal

Act (which relates to notice of prosecutions) have been

satisfied as respects that offence.

35 . — (1)Where a person is charged before a court

of summary jurisdiction with an offence under section

eleven of the principal Act (which relates to reckless

or dangerous driving) and the court is of the opinion

that the offence is not proved, then, at any time during

the hearing or immediately thereafter, the court may,

without prejudice to any other powers possessed by

the court, direct or allow a charge for an offence under

section twelve of the principal Act (which relates to

careless driving) to be preferred forthwith against

the defendant and may thereupon proceed with

that charge, so however that he or his solicitor

or counsel shall be informed of the new charge and

be given an opportunity, whether by way of cross-

examining any witness whose evidence has already

been given against the defendant or otherwise, of

answering the new charge, and the court shall, if it

considers that the defendant is prejudiced in his defence

by reason of the new charge being so preferred, adjourn

the hearing.

(2) A defendant in whose case the requirements

of section twenty-one of the principal Act (which relates

to notice of prosecutions) have been satisfied, or do

not apply, as respects the alleged offence under section

eleven of the principal Act, may be convicted on a charge

preferred under the foregoing subsection, notwithstanding

that those requirements have not been satisfied as

respects the alleged offence under section twelve of the

principal Act.

36 . For the purposes of section forty-nine of the

principal Act a traffic sign (being a sign for regulating

by means of fight signals the movement of traffic) placed

on or near a road shall be deemed to be of the prescribed

size, colour, and type, or of another character authorised

by the Minister under section forty-eight of the

461

Part V.

— cont.

Power to

oonviet for

reckless or

dangerous

driving on

trial for

manslaughter.

Power to

proceed

on charge

for careless

driving on

hearing of

charge for

reckless or

dangerous

driving.

Light signals

(presumption of

compliance

with

statutory

require.

ments).

462

Past Y.

— cont.

Inclusion in

indictment

in Scotland

of certain

summary

offencesj

Amendment

of s. 116 of

principal

Act.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

principal Act, and to have been lawfully so placed, unless

the contrary is proved.

37. —(1) A contravention of any provision of the

principal Act or of this Act which is directed by the

principal Act to be prosecuted under the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts and which, if it had been triable on

indictment, could competently have been libelled as an

additional or an alternative charge in an indictment

charging a person with culpable homicide in respect of the driving or attempted driving or use of a motor vehicle,

or with a contravention of section eleven, or of section

fifteen, of the principal Act may, notwithstanding such

direction as aforesaid, be so libelled and may be tried

accordingly.

(2) This section shall extend to Scotland only.

38. —(1) Section one hundred and sixteen of the

principal Act (which makes provision for the compensation

of officers of local authorities who suffer loss by virtue

of the principal Act or of anything done in pursuance

or in consequence thereof) shall have effect, and shall

be deemed always to have had effect, only in relation to

loss suffered by virtue of section one hundred and five

of the principal Act, or of section one hundred and

twenty-two of the principal Act so far as regards the

repeal by that section of enactments and provisions

relating to the licensing of public service vehicles by

local authorities, or of anything done in pursuance or

in consequence thereof.

(2) The amendments specified in the second column

of the Second Schedule to this Act shall be made in

the provisions of the principal Act specified in the

first column of that Schedule, and the principal Act

shall be deemed always to have had effect as if it had

been originally enacted as so amended.

(3) Where an agreement has been made under

section one hundred and five of the principal Act, and,

in the case of an agreement entered into subject to

confirmation or approval, confirmed or approved, before

the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four, and compensation has (whether before that date

or not) been granted for a loss as being, having regard to

that agreement, a loss suffered by virtue of the said

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

463

section or of things done in pursuance or in consequence Part V.

thereof, sums payable under the Fourth Schedule to the —cont.

principal Act by way of compensation for that loss shall

be paid out of the Road Fund notwithstanding anything

in the foregoing provisions of this section.

39. Section eight of the Metropolitan Public Amend-

Carriage Act, 1869, as amended, extended, or applied by, mentsas

or by any order made under, any subsequent enactment ^ri^ ces

(including section fifty-one of the London Passenger ° nd fondue

Transport Act, 1933), shall have effect, as respects tors of

licences granted under the said section eight after the date hackney

appointed for the coming into operation of this section, carriages,

with the substitution of three years for one year as the anc J °?

period during which a licence granted under the said carriages & in

section is, if not revoked or suspended, to be in force: the Metro-

Provided that, with a view to spreading the work of pohs.

granting such licences, where an application for the grant 22 23 Vict -

of such a licence is made within four years from the 23 & 24 Geo

passing of this Act, the authority by whom the power of 5. c . 14

granting the licence is exercisable may direct that any

licence granted on the application shall, if not revoked or

suspended, continue in force during such period, being a

period of not less than one nor more than three years

from the date on which the licence is expressed to take

effect, as the authority may at the time of the granting

of the licence determine.

40 . The amendments specified in the second column Conse-

of the Third Schedule to this Act (which relate to consequential

quential and minor matters) shall be made in the and nor

enactments specified in the first column of that Schedule. *

41 . This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to Application

the following modifications— to Scotland.

(1) For subsection (9) of section one, the following

subsection shall be substituted:—

" (9) In this section, the expression ‘ local

authority’means as respects any length

of road the county or town council

responsible for the maintenance and

management thereof."

(2) For subsection (5) of section two the following

subsection shall be substituted:—

" (5) Any reference in subsection (6) of section

ten of the principal Act to an offence

464

Part V.

— cont.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

under the said section or to an infringement of the provisions thereof, and any

reference in subsection (8) of section one

hundred and nineteen of the principal Act

to an offence against that Act or against

section ten thereof, shall be deemed to

include a reference to driving a motor

vehicle on a road at a speed exceeding

a speed limit imposed by or under any

enactment."

(3) Subsections (5) and (6) of section six shall have

effect as if for the words "a court of summary

jurisdiction " and the words "the court "

wherever they occur, there were substituted

the words "the sheriff, " and as if for the words

" acting for the petty sessional division in

which *’there were substituted the words "within

whose jurisdiction."

(4) Subsection (1) of section ten shall have effect

as if the words "by virtue of any enactment

relating to interest on judgments " were omitted

therefrom.

(5) Subsection (4) of section eighteen shall have

effect as if for the councils therein mentioned

there were substituted, as regards a burgh

the town council of which is responsible for the

maintenance and management of all or any of the highways therein, that town council, and,

as regards a county inclusive of any burgh

other than as aforesaid situate therein, the

county council, and afny reference to a borough,

an urban district or a rural district in a county

shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that a classified road in any such

burgh as aforesaid not being a large burgh and

crossings thereon may be included in a scheme

submitted by the council of the county in which

such burgh is situate, and shall not be included

in any scheme submitted by the town council

of such burgh.

(6) A county council shall, before arriving at a

decision as to the exercise of any power conferred

1934. Road Traffic Ch. 50.

Act, 1934.

on them by this Act with regard to a classified

road in a burgh, consult with the town council

of such burgh.

(7) Subsection (7) of section one, subsection (7)

of section eighteen and the new subsection

directed by subsection (2) of section twenty-two

to be inserted in section fifty-nine of the

principal Act shall have effect as if the word

" summarily " were omitted therefrom.

(8) For section twenty-three the following section

shall be substituted:—

"(1) A county council shall have the like

powers with regard to the lighting of any

road in the landward area of the

county not included in a special lighting

district as they have with regard to roads

so included, and the expenditure incurred

by a county council in the exercise of the powers conferred by this section

shall be defrayed out of a rate to be

levied in equal proportions on owners

and occupiers throughout the landward

area of the county exclusive of any

special fighting district.

(2) In this section the expression ‘ special

fighting district’means a special fighting

district formed in pursuance of section

forty-four of the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1894.

(3) Section forty-nine of the Lanarkshire

County Council Order, 1925, is hereby

repealed."

(9) Subsection (8) of section thirty-one shall have

effect as if for the appeal therein mentioned

there were substituted an appeal to the sheriff

within whose jurisdiction the applicant resides.

(10) Section thirty-five shall not apply.

(11) The expression "plaintiff" shall mean

pursuer and the expression "manslaughter "

shall mean culpable homicide.

Gg

465

Part V.

— cord.

57 & 58

Vict. c. 68.

466

Part V.

— cont.

Short title,

citation,

construction, commencement

and extent.

Seation 2.

Ch. 50. Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(12) For the purposes of this section the expressions

" classified road " and " large burgh " have the

like meanings as in the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1929.

42.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic

Act, 1934, and shall be construed as one with the principal

Act, and Parts I, II, III and IV respectively of this Act

shall be construed as one with Parts I, II, III and IV

respectively of the principal Act, and this Act and the

principal Act and the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act,

1931, may be cited together as the Road Traffic Acts,

1930 to 1934.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

any reference to any other enactment shall be construed

as a reference to that enactment as amended by any

subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such day

or days as the Minister may appoint, and the Minister

may fix different days for different purposes and

different provisions of this Act.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Limits op Speed.

Maximum Speed,

Class of Vehicle. Miles per Hour.

1. Passenger vehicles, that is to say, vehicles

constructed solely for the carriage of passengers

and their effects :—

(1) If the vehicle is a heavy motor car or is

adapted to carry more than seven passengers, exclusive of the driver, and is not

drawing a trailer, and if the first condition

as to tyres is satisfied -

30

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

467

Maximum Speed,

Class of Vehicle. Miles per Hour.

(2) If the vehicle is adapted to carry not more

than seven passengers exclusive of the

driver, and is not a heavy motor car, and

is drawing a two-wheeled trailer, and if the

first condition as to tyres is satisfied - 30

(3) Invalid carriages ---- 20

(4) In any other case (except a vehicle as

respects which the first condition as to

tyres is satisfied, and which is adapted to

carry not more than seven passengers

exclusive of the driver, and which is not

drawing a trailer).20

2. Goods vehicles, that is to say, vehicles

constructed or adapted for use for the conveyance

of goods or burden of any description:—

(1) When not drawing a trailer—

(a) Motor cars and motor cycles, »if the first

condition as to tyres is satisfied; and

motor cars not exceeding one ton in

weight unladen and motor cycles, if the

second condition as to tyres is satisfied - 30

(b) Motor cars exceeding one ton in weight

unladen, if the second condition as to

tyres is satisfied ---- 20

(c) Heavy motor cars, if the first condition

as to tyres is satisfied and the vehicle—

(i) is constructed or adapted for the

conveyance of horses and their attendants and used solely for that purpose; or

(ii) does not exceed five tons in

weight unladen and is not fitted with a

body and is not carrying any load

other than that required for the purposes of testing - 30

(d) Other heavy motor cars, if the first or the

second condition as to tyres is satisfied - 20

Gg 2

1st Sou.

—c ont.

468

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Maximum Speed,

Class of Vehicle. Miles per Hour.

(2) When drawing a trailer—

(a) if the first condition as to tyres is

satisfied, or if the trailer is attached

to the drawing vehicle by partial

superimposition in such maimer as to

cause a substantial part of the weight

to be borne by the vehicle and the

second condition as to tyres is satisfied 20

(b) if the trailer is not so attached to the

drawing vehicle as aforesaid and the

second condition as to tyres is satisfied 12

(3) If neither the first nor the second condition

as to tyres is satisfied - 5

3. Locomotives and motor tractors —

(1) Heavy locomotives .... 5

(2) Light locomotives—

(a) when not drawing a trailer or not

drawing more than two trailers, if

the first or the second condition as to

tyres is satisfied - - 12

(i b)in any other case .... 5

(3) Motor tractors—

(a) when not drawing a trailer, if the first

or the second condition as to tyres is

satisfied ...... 20

(b) when drawing a single trailer—

(i) if the first condition as to tyres is

satisfied 20

(ii) if the second condition as to tyres

is satisfied- ..... 12

(c) in any other case .... 5

For the purposes of this Schedule—

(a) satisfaction of the first condition as to tyres means

that all the wheels of the vehicle in question and,

where the vehicle is drawing a trailer or trailers,

of the trailer or trailers, are fitted with pneumatic

tyres;

(b) satisfaction of the second condition as to tyres means

that the first condition as to tyres is not satisfied

but that each of the wheels aforesaid is fitted

with one or other of the following types of tyre,

namely pneumatic, soft or elastic.

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

469

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 38.

Amendments oe section 116 or, and the Fourth

Schedule to, the principal Act.

Section one liun- In subsection (1), for the words "this Act",

dred and six- where those words occur for the second

teen. time, there shall be substituted the words

" section one hundred and five of thi3 Act,

" or of section one hundred and twenty-

" two of this Act so far as regards the

" repeal by that section of enactments and

" provisions relating to the licensing of

" public service vehicles by local authori-

" ties ".

In subsection (2), for the words "this Act ",

where those words occur for the last time,

there shall be substituted the words "the

" provisions of this Act referred to in the

" foregoing subsection".

Fourth Schedule - In paragraph 9, for the words "by virtue of

" this Act, or of anything done in pur-

" suance or in consequence of this Act "

there shall be substituted the words "by

" virtue of the matters referred to in

" subsection (1) of section one hundred and

" sixteen of this Act ".

For paragraph 14, there shall be substituted

the following paragraph :—

"14. (1) In the case of sums payable

under this Schedule by way of compensation for loss suffered by virtue of section

one hundred and five of this Act or of

anything done in pursuance or in consequence thereof, —

(a) payment of the said sums shall be

made by the local authority by

whom the officer was employed at

the date when the agreement under

the said section was made;

(b) the ultimate incidence of the liability in respect of the said sums

shall be upon the parties to the

agreement, or upon such of them,

470

Ch. 50.

Eoad Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section 40

and in the case of more than one

in such proportions, as may be

determined by agreement between them or, in case of difference,

by an arbitrator to be appointed

by the Minister, and accordingly

the local authority making the

payment shall be entitled to

recover from any other of the said

parties, at such time or times as

may be determined as aforesaid,

any sums in respect of which that

party is determined as aforesaid

to be ultimately liable.

(2) Sums payable under this Schedule

by way of compensation for loss suffered

by virtue of section one hundred and

twenty-two of this Act or of anything

done in pursuance or in consequence

thereof shall be paid out of the Road

Fund/ ’

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Consequential and Minob Amendments.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

The principal Act.

Section twenty- In subsection (4), the references to

seven. the erection and maintenance of

weighbridges or other machines shall

be deemed to include references to

the provision and operation of

weighbridges or other machines.

In subsection (5), the references to the

erection of weighbridges or other

machines shall be deemed to include

references to the provision of weighbridges or other machines.

1934.

Enactment to be

amended.

Section thirty-five -

Section forty-eight

Section forty-nine -

Section fifty-seven

Road Traffic Ch. 50.

Act, 1934.

Amendment.

At the end of subsection (4), there shall be

inserted the words "or to any vehicle

" at any time when it is being driven

" for police purposes by or under the

" direction of a police constable, or by

" a person employed by a police

" authority, or employed by the said

" receiver, or on a journey to or from

" any place undertaken for salvage

" purposes pursuant to Part IX of

" the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894."

In subsection (2), after the word

" erection " there shall be inserted the

words " or retention."

In subsection (3), after the words "no

traffic signs " there shall be inserted the words "(other than traffic

" signs placed by a council or local

" authority in pursuance of an obliga-

" tion imposed by or under this Act

" or the Road Traffic Act, 1934) "

After the words "to be followed by

traffic " there shall be inserted the

words " and being of the prescribed

" size, colour, and type, or of another

" character authorised by the Minister

" under the last preceding section ";

and the words "in accordance with

" the provisions of the last preceding

" section " shall be omitted.

In subsection (2), after the words

"removal of" there shall be inserted

the words "footpaths and grass

verges by the side of the road and ";

and after the words "foot passengers "

there shall be inserted the words

" and the erection, maintenance,

" alteration, and removal of traffic

" signs ".

In subsection (3), after the word

" erection " there shall be inserted the

words " provision, maintenance, or

operation ".

471

3bd Soh.

— cont.

472

3rd Sch.

— writ.

Cir. 50.

Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Enactment to be

amended.

Amendment.

Section fifty-seven After subsection (4), there shall be

— cont. inserted the following subsection :■—

" (4a) Advances may be made out

of the Road Fund towards any

expenses incurred by a council or

local authority, on whom any obligation is imposed by or under this Act,

or the Road Traffic Act, 1934, in

relation to the erection, maintenance,

alteration, or removal of traffic signs,

in the discharge of that obligation."

In subsection (5), for the words "and

(4) ", there shall be substituted the

words " (4) and (4a) ".

Section seventy-two In subsection (2), after the word "and "

there shall be inserted the words

" (except in so far as compliance with

" the provisions of the licence may

" have been dispensed with by the

" commissioners of the traffic area in

" which the vehicle is being used)".

Section seventy-four In subsection (1), after the word "revoke"

there shall be inserted the words "or

suspend ".

Section eighty - The said section shall have effect, as

respects licences granted after the

date appointed for the coming into

operation of this provision, with the

substitution for subsection (1) of the

following subsections :—

" (1) A public service vehicle

licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for one year

from the date on which it is expressed

to take effect.

(la) A licence to drive or act as

conductor of a public service vehicle

shall, unless previously revoked,

continue in force for three years

from the date on which it is expressed

to take effect."

1934.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

Ch. 50.

473

Enactment to be

amended.

Amendment.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Section eighty— At the end of subsection (2), there shall

cont. be inserted the following proviso :■—

" Provided also that the Minister

may by regulations direct that, as

respects licences to provide a road

service of a kind specified in the

regulations granted after a date

therein specified, this subsection shall

have effect with the substitution for

the words ‘ one year’of the words

* three years.’ "

Section eighty-one - In subsection (1), in paragraph (6), after

the word " grant " where that word

first occurs, there shall be inserted the

words " or variation ".

Section one hundred

and seven.

In subsection (3) for the word "prescribed " there shall be substituted

the word " determined ".

Section one hundred In subsection (2), after the words " other

and twelve. person ", there shall be inserted the

words " or the variation of any licence,

" or for the purpose of preventing the

" grant or variation of any licence, or

" of procuring the imposition of any

" condition or limitation in relation

" to a licence ".

Section one hundred In subsection (3), after the word

and nineteen. " erection " in both places where it

occurs there shall be inserted the

words " or provision."

Section one hundred In subsection (1), for the definition of

and twenty-one. " Chief officer of police " there shall be

substituted the following words

" ‘Police authority ’, ‘ chief officer of

" police, ’ and police fund’have the

" same meanings, respectively, as in

" the Police Pensions Act, 1921."

474

Ch. 50.

Road Traffic

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

Section one hundred At end of subsection (1), there shall be

and twenty-one— inserted the words "‘ Salvage’means

cont. " the preservation of a vessel which is

" wrecked, stranded, or in distress, or

" the lives of persons belonging to, or

" the cargo or apparel of, such a

" vessel."

In subsection (2), after the words "while

being driven as aforesaid ", there

shall be inserted the words "or in

" relation to motor vehicles used for

" salvage purposes pursuant to Part

" IX of the Merchant Shipping Act,

" 1894"; and the reference to the

provisions of the First Schedule to the

principal Act shall be construed as if it

included a reference to the provisions

of any enactment, or of any statutory

rule or order, imposing a speed limit

on motor vehicles.

The Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

Section thirty-four - In subsection (3), after the words

" variation of a licence ", there shall

be inserted the words "or for the

" purpose of preventing the grant or

" variation of any licence, or of

" procuring the imposition of any

" condition or limitation in relation to

" a licence ".

Section thirty-six - In subsection (1), the words "stage

carriage " and the words "express

carriage " shall be repealed, and at

the end of the subsection there shall be

inserted the words "and the expressions

" ‘ stage carriage’and ‘ express

" carriage’have the same meanings,

" respectively, as in the Road Traffic

" Act, 1934."

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

475

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to provide for temporarily securing to

producers of milk, by means of payments out of

moneys provided by Parliament, a minimum

return in respect of milk used in the manufacture of milk products; for conditionally

requiring repayment to the Exchequer of the

amount of such payments; for making, out

of moneys so provided, payments for the

purposes of improving the quality of the milk

supply and increasing the demand for milk;

for regulating the manner in which milk is

described for the purposes of advertisement

and sale; for imposing and conferring certain

duties and powers on boards administering milk

marketing schemes; and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Payments from and to the Exchequer in respect of milk

used for manufacture.

1. Where, by means of such evidence as may be Exchequer

prescribed, the board administering a milk marketing payments

scheme satisfy the Minister— m respect of

J milk sold

(1) that any quantity of milk produced in the area formanu-

to which the scheme applies, being milk delivered facture.

in accordance with—

(a) a contract for the sale of milk by a

registered producer otherwise than to, or

through the agency of, the board, or

(6) a contract for the sale of milk by the

board, either in their own right or as agents

for a registered producer,

has, in any of the twenty-four consecutive

months falling between the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, and the beginning

476

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, been

used (elsewhere than at a farm) in manufacturing

any milk product; and

(2) that by virtue of the terms of the contract the

net cost per gallon of the milk to the purchaser

is less than the standard price for that month;

then, if the cheese-milk price for that month, as certified

in accordance with this Act, is less than the standard

price for that month, the Minister shall, out of moneys

provided by Parliament, pay to the board, in respect of

each gallon comprised in that quantity of milk, a sum

equal to the difference between the said cheese-milk

price or the net cost per gallon of the milk to the

purchaser (whichever is the greater) and the said standard

price.

Exchequer

payments

in respect

of milk used

for manufacture by

milk

marketing

boards.

2.—(1) Where, by means of such evidence as may be

prescribed, the board administering a milk marketing

scheme satisfy the Minister that any quantity of milk

produced by a registered producer in the area to which

the scheme applies has, in any of the twenty-four consecutive months falling between the end of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-four, and the beginning of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty-six, been used by the board

in manufacturing any milk product, then if both the

cheese-milk price for that month, as certified in accordance

with this Act, and the appropriate manufacturing milk

price are less than the standard price for that month, the Minister shall, out of moneys provided by Parliament, pay

to the board, in respect of each gallon comprised in that

quantity of milk, a sum equal to the difference between

the said cheese-milk price or the said manufacturing milk

price (whichever is the greater) and the said standard

price.

(2) In this section the expression "the appropriate

manufacturing milk price, " in relation to any milk which

has, in any month, been used by the board administering

a milk marketing scheme in manufacturing any particular milk product, means such sum as may be certified

by the Minister to represent the net sum ppr gallon

for which the milk so used by the board could, if it had

been available for purchase otherwise than by the board,

have been bought wholesale by any other person for use

in that month in manufacturing that milk product.

(3) Whenever the board administering a milk

marketing scheme request the Minister to deliver to

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

477

them a certificate for the purposes of this section in

relation to milk used by the board in any month, it shall

be the duty of the Minister to deliver that certificate

to the board.

3.—(1) Where, by means of such evidence as may be

prescribed, the board administering a milk marketing

scheme satisfy the Minister that any quantity of milk

produced by a registered producer in the area to which

the scheme applies has, in any of the twenty-four consecutive months falling between the end of March,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four, and the beginning

of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, been used by

him in manufacturing cheese at a farm in his occupation, then if the cheese-milk price for that month, as

certified in accordance with this Act, is less than the

standard price for that month, the Minister shall, out

of moneys provided by Parliament, pay to the board,

in respect of each gallon comprised in that quantity of

milk, a sum equal to the difference between the two

prices aforesaid:

Provided that, as respects any particular milk marketing scheme, the Minister may from time to time by

order direct that no sums shall be payable under this

section to the board in respect of milk which has, in

any month to which the order applies, been used by a

registered producer in manufacturing cheese at a farm,

unless the board satisfy the Minister that, at the beginning of that month, the registered producer had in his

possession, in the area to which the scheme applied, not

less than such number of milch cows as may be specified

in the order; and the Minister may by order vary or

revoke any previous order made by him under this

proviso.

(2) An order under the proviso to the foregoing

subsection may be made so as to apply to a specified

month, or to a specified month and also to every

subsequent month until the order is varied or revoked,

and shall be made not less than fourteen days before

the commencement of the month or of the first month,

as the case may be, to which it is to apply:

Provided that, within four weeks from the commencement of this Act, an order may be made so as to

apply to the month of April, nineteen hundred and

Exchequer

payments

in respect

of milk

converted

into cheese

at farms.

478

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

thirty-four, and any subsequent month down to, and

including, the month of September, nineteen hundred

and thirty-four.

Definition

of " cheese-

milk price "

and

" standard

price, " and

certification

of cheese-

milk price.

4.—(1) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) the cheese-milk price for any month shall be

the excess over one penny three-farthings of the

average of the prices per pound at which cheese

such as is commonly known at the commencement of this Act as "New Zealand finest

white " and " Canadian finest white " was

sold wholesale in Great Britain during the

immediately preceding month; and

(b) the standard price for each of the six consecutive

months falling between the end of March in

any year and the beginning of the next

following October shall be fivepence, and the

standard price for each of the six consecutive

months falling between the end of September

in any year and the beginning of the next

following April shall be sixpence.

(2) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and

the Secretary of State for Scotland, acting in conjunction,

shall—

(a) as soon as may be after the commencement of this Act, certify the cheese-milk price for the

month of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four, and for each subsequent month down to

and including the month of August, nineteen

h undred and thirty-four; and

(b) Jas soon as may be after the beginning of the

month of September, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four, and of each subsequent month

falling before April, nineteen hundred and thirty-

eight, certify the cheese-milk price for that

month.

(3) Every certificate given for the purposes of this

section shall state the method by which the cheese-milk

price certified in the certificate has been computed,

and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the

Secretary of State for Scotland shall cause the certificate

to be published, as soon as may be, in such manner

as they think best for informing persons concerned.

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

479

5. — (1) Where, in the case of any milk marketing Payments

scheme, any quantity of milk produced in the area to to Ex-

which the scheme applies— chequer in

. . respect of

(a) having been sold by a registered producer milk used

otherwise than to, or through the agency of, in manu-

the board, or sold by the board either in their factoring

own right or as agents for a registered producer, 8 pro *

is, in any of the twenty-four consecutive months auc 8 '

falling between the end of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-six, and the beginning of

April, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, used

-(elsewhere than at a farm) in manufacturing

any milk product; or

(b) having been produced by a registered producer, is,

in any such month as aforesaid, used by the

board in manufacturing any milk product;

then if the cheese- milk price for that month, as certified in

accordance with this Act, exceeds the standard price for

that month by more than one penny, the board shall,

subject to the following provisions of this section, pay at

the prescribed time' to the Minister, in respect of each

gallon comprised in that quantity of milk, a sum equal to

the difference between the said standard price, increased

by one penny, and the said cheese-milk price.

(2) If, in the case of any of the twenty-four consecutive months falling between the end of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-six, and the beginning of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, the cheese-milk price for

the month, as certified in accordance with this Act,

exceeds by more than one penny the standard price

for the month, then, subject to the provisions of the next

following subsection, the board administering any milk

marketing scheme shall, at such time as may be prescribed,

pay to the Minister the sum arrived at by multiplying

the difference between the said standard price, increased

by one penny, and the said cheese-milk price, by whichever of the following numbers is the greater, that is to

say:—

(a) one twenty-fourth of the total number of gallons

of milk produced by registered producers in the

area to which the scheme applies, being milk—

(i) which has, in the period between the end of

March, nineteen hundred and thirty-four,

and the beginning of April, nineteen

480

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Exchequer

payments to

Government

of Northern

Ireland in

respect of

miLk used

for manufacture.

hundred and thirty-six, been used by

those registered producers in manufacturing cheese at farms in their respective

occupations; and

(ii) in respect of which sums have become

payable under section three of this Act

by the Minister to the board; or

(b) the total number of gallons of milk produced in

that area by registered producers, being milk

which has, in that month, been used by them

in so manufacturing cheese as aforesaid.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this Act

which relate to the revocation of schemes, a board shall

not be liable under this section—

(a) to pay any sum in respect of milk used in

manufacturing cream, butter, cheese, milk

powder or condensed milk, if no sum has

become payable under the foregoing provisions

of this Act to that board in respect of milk used

in manufacturing cream, butter, cheese, milk

powder or condensed milk, as the case may be;

or

(b) to pay any sum in excess of the aggregate of the sums (if any) which have become payable

to that board under the foregoing provisions

of this Act.

(4) All sums payable under this section by a board

to the Minister may be recovered by him as a debt due

from that board to the Crown, and, when received by

the Minister, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

6.—(1) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries

shall, as and when the Treasury may direct, pay out of

moneys provided by Parliament to the Government of

Northern Ireland—

(a) in respect of the year beginning on the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-four,

sums not exceeding in the aggregate two

hundred thousand pounds; and

(b) in respect of the year beginning on the first day

of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-five, such

sum, if, any, as may be agreed between the

Treasury and the Government of Northern

Ireland,

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

481

with a view to securing, in the ease of milk produced in

Northern Ireland which has, in any month of that year,

been used in manufacturing cream or butter at premises

registered under any Act of the Parliament of Northern

Ireland relating to the marketing of dairy produce, that

the sum per gallon payable in respect of that milk to

the respective producers thereof is not less than the

standard price for that month.

(2) The Secretary of State concerned with agriculture in Northern Ireland shall, with respect to each

of the twenty-four consecutive months falling between

the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, and

the beginning of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight,

certify to the Treasury—

(a) the total number of gallons of milk produced in

Northern Ireland which have, in that month,

been used in manufacturing cream or butter at

premises registered under any Act of the

Parliament of Northern Ireland relating to

the marketing of dairy produce; and

(b) the average price per gallon paid or payable in

respect of that milk to the respective producers

thereof;

and if the certificate shows that the said average price

exceeds the standard price for that month by more than

one penny, there shall, subject as hereinafter provided,

become payable by the Government of Northern Ireland

to the Exchequer of the United Kingdom, in respect of

each gallon of that milk, a sum equal to the difference

between the said standard price, increased by one penny,

and the said average price:

Provided that there shall not be payable under this

subsection a sum exceeding in the aggregate the amount

of the sums paid under subsection (1) of this section to

the Government of Northern Ireland.

(3) Any sum payable under this section by the

Government of Northern Ireland shall be deducted from

the Northern Ireland residuary share of reserved taxes.

7. — (1) It shall be the duty of the board administering any milk marketing scheme to comply with such

directions (if any) as may be given by the Minister, being

directions which appear to him, after consultation with

the Treasury, to be necessary for ascertaining the amount,

H h

Provisions

for enforcing payments due to

Exchequer.

482

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and securing the payment, of all sums payable under the

foregoing provisions of this Act by the board to the Minister.

(2) Within the prescribed period after the end of

each of the twenty-four consecutive months falling

between the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-

six, and the beginning of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty-eight, the board administering any milk marketing

scheme shall send to the Minister a return in the

prescribed form, signed by the person for the time being

authorised to act as secretary of the board and by two

members thereof, stating—-

(a) the quantity of milk in respect of the use of

which in that month sums are payable by the

board to the Minister under subsection (1) of

section five of this Act; and

(b) the quantity of mi lk produced by registered

producers in the area to which the scheme

applies, being milk which has, in that month,

been used by those registered producers in

manufacturing cheese at farms in their respective

occupations;

and if the board fail to send such a return to the Minister in accordance with the requirements of this

subsection, they shall be guilty of an offence, and shall,

for each such offence, be liable on summary conviction to

a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and to a further

fine not exceeding one hundred pounds for every day on

which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

(3) With a view to ascertaining whether any, and

if so what, sums are payable under the foregoing

provisions of this Act to the Minister by the board

administering a milk marketing scheme, any person

authorised in writing in that behalf by the Minister

may, at any reasonable time, enter any premises occupied by the board and request any person whom he

finds in the premises to produce to him such documents, and give him such other information, as he

considers necessary.

(4) Every person who—

(a) knowingly makes any false statement in

giving any information which he is required

for the purposes of the foregoing provisions

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

483

of this Act to give to the Minister or to a

person authorised under subsection (3) of this

section, or

(b) obstructs any person so authorised as aforesaid

in the exercise of his powers under subsection

(3) of this section, or

(c) fails, without reasonable excuse, to produce

any document, or give any information,

which he is requested under subsection (3) of this section to produce or give, or

(d) being registered as a producer under any milk

marketing scheme, fails, without reasonable

excuse, to give to the board any information which he is required under the scheme

so to give, or knowingly makes any false

statement in giving any such information

to the board,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on

summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such

fine:

Provided that paragraph (d) of this subsection shall

not apply in relation to any information which a producer

registered under a milk marketing scheme is required to

give to the board with respect to the production, sale

or use of any milk after the end of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-eight.

8.—(1) Every milk marketing scheme which provides for revoking any other such scheme shall contain

provisions for securing that, for the purposes of the

foregoing provisions of this Act, —

(a) any sum which, at any time before the revocation takes effect, has become payable under

the said provisions by the Minister to the board

administering the scheme to be revoked (hereinafter referred to as " the existing board "), or by

that board to the Minister, shall be treated as

if it had, at that time, become payable, as the

case may be, to or by the board by whom the

revoking scheme is to be administered (hereinafter referred to as " the new board "); and

Hh 2

Provisions

as to revocation of

schemes.

484

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(b) any sum paid in pursuance of the said provisions by the Minister to the existing board or

by the existing board to the [Minister shall be

deemed to have been paid to or by the new

hoard, as the case may be.

(2) Where a milk marketing scheme administered by

a board to whom any sums have become, or are to be

deemed to have become, payable under the foregoing

provisions of this Act is revoked before the beginning

of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, by order

of the Minister under paragraph 2 of Part II of the

21 & 22 First Schedule to the Agricultural Marketing Act,

Geo. 5. c. 4. 1931, then, for the purpose of the winding up of the Board, the amount of the said sums (less the

amount of any sums which, immediately before the

revocation takes effect, have been, or are to be deemed

to have been, paid under the said provisions by the

board to the Minister) shall be deemed to be a debt

due from the board to the Crown and provable by the Minister; and if, within one month from the date on

which the revocation takes effect, the Minister publishes

in the Gazette a notice stating that, by reason that

proceedings are pending or for any other reason, the

amount of the sums payable under the foregoing provisions

of this Act to the board has not been ascertained, no

distribution of the assets of the board shall be made in

the winding up until the said amount has been ascertained.

(3) If, in a case where a milk marketing scheme is

revoked in the manner mentioned in the last foregoing

subsection, it appears to the Minister that the revocation

of the scheme was demanded by the registered

producers for the purpose of evading any liability

to make payments to the Minister which, but for the

revocation, the board might have incurred by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Act, the [Minister, within

one month from the date on which the revocation takes

effect, may by order direct that, notwithstanding any

limitation imposed by the scheme on the amount which a

contributor is liable to contribute to the payment of the

debts and liabilities of the board and to the payment of the costs and expenses of the winding up, that amount

shall be increased to such extent as appears to the Minister, after consultation with the Treasury, to be

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

485

necessary for enabling any debt due under the last

foregoing subsection from the board to the Crown to be

paid in full.

Provisions for improving the quality of the milk supply.

9. — (1) During a period of four consecutive years

beginning on a day appointed by the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State for

Scotland, acting in conjunction, the said Minister or

Secretary of State may, subject as hereinafter provided

and in accordance with arrangements made by him and

approved by the Treasury, expend out of moneys

provided by Parliament such sums as he thinks fit, with

the object of securing so far as practicable that the milk

supplied for human consumption in England or in

Scotland, as the case may be, is pure and free from the

infection of any disease:

Provided that—

(a) the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries shall

not make any arrangements for the purposes

of this subsection except after consultation

with the Minister of Health; and

(b) not more than seven hundred and fifty thousand

pounds in the aggregate shall be expended

under this subsection.

(2) Not later than the end of the period mentioned

in the foregoing subsection, the Minister may, after

consultation with the boards administering any milk

marketing schemes approved by him which are for the

time being in force, make an order for securing that where

the board administering any milk marketing scheme approved by him are satisfied, with respect to any quantity

of milk produced after the end of that period in the area to

which the scheme applies, that it has been produced by a

registered producer in such circumstances as the Minister

may prescribe in the order with the object mentioned in

the foregoing subsection, the board shall pay to that

registered producer, in respect, of each gallon comprised

in that quantity of milk, such sum not exceeding one

penny as may be specified in the order.

Any order made under this subsection may be varied

or revoked by a subsequent order made in like manner

as the original order.

Payments

for securing

pure milk

supply.

486

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(3) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or the

Secretary of State for Scotland shall, as soon as may be

after any arrangements made by him have been approved

for the purposes of this section by the Treasury, lay

particulars of the arrangements before each House of

Parliament.

Amend- 10.—(1) The following section shall have effect in

" ei substitution for section three of the Milk and Dairies

Geo. 5. o. 54. (Amendment) Act, 1922:—

" 3.—(1) The Minister of Health, after consultation

with the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries,

may by order—

(a) prescribe, in relation to milk of any description, such designation (hereinafter

referred to as a ‘ special designation’)

as he considers appropriate; and

(b) as respects any special designation, provide for the granting by the Minister of

Health or local authorities of licences

(hereinafter referred to as ‘ milk licences’)

authorising the use of that special designation; and

(c) prescribe the periods for which, and the

conditions (including conditions as to the

payment of fees) subject to which, milk

licences hi general or milk licences of any

particular class are to be granted;

(d) provide for the revocation or suspension

of a milk licence in the event of a breach

of any condition subject to which the

licence was granted; and

(e) provide for entitling any person aggrieved

by the refusal, suspension or revocation

of a milk licence by a local authority

to appeal to the Minister of Health;

and

(f) provide for such matters as are necessary

for giving effect to, or are incidental to,

or consequential on, any provisions contained in the order by virtue of the

foregoing provisions of this subsection.

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

487

" (2) No person shall, for the purpose of the sale or

advertisement of any milk, —

(a) use a special designation in any manner

calculated to suggest that it refers to

that milk, unless there is in force a m ilk

licence authorising the use of that

designation in connection with that milk;

or

(b) refer to that milk by any such description,

not being a special designation, as is calculated falsely to suggest either that the cows

from which the milk is derived are free

from the infection of tuberculosis or of

any other disease, or that the milk is

tested, approved or graded by any

competent person.

" (3) In any proceedings taken by virtue of paragraph (6) of the last foregoing subsection, it shall

lie on the defendant to prove the truth of any

suggestion which, hi the opinion of the court,

his acts or conduct as proved by the prosecution

are or is calculated to convey."

(2) Section fourteen of the Milk and Dairies

(Amendment) Act, 1922, (which provides that, in the

application of that Act to Scotland, references to the

Department of Health for Scotland shall be substituted

in the Act for references to the Minister of Health)

shall have effect as if at the end of paragraph (a) of that

section there were inserted the words "and the Depart-

" ment of Agriculture for Scotland shall be substituted

" for the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries."

(3) Any order under section three of the Milk and

Dairies (Amendment) Act, 1922, which is in force immediately before the commencement of this Act shall

continue in force until revoked.

Provisions for increasing the demand for milk.

11.—(1) If the board administering a milk marketing

scheme satisfy the Minister that, throughout any period

determined by him, they have so exercised their powers

under the scheme as to give effect to any arrangements, previously submitted by the board to, and approved

by, the Minister, for increasing the demand for milk, the Minister may, subject as hereinafter provided, pay to

Contributions from

Exchequer

towards

expenses of

milk marketing

boards.

488

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Extension of

functions

of milk

marketing

boards.

that board out of moneys provided by Parliament such

sum as he thinks fit, not exceeding one half of the amount

of the expenses which are shown to his satisfaction to have

been incurred by the board in giving effect to those

arrangements in that period:

Provided that—

(a) no sums shall be payable under this subsection

in respect of any such expenses incurred by a

board as appear to the Minister to be attributable to any time after the end of the period of

two years from the date on which the first

arrangements submitted by that or any

other board are approved for the purposes

of this section; and

(b) not more than one million pounds in the

aggregate shall be expended under this subsection.

(2) In ascertaining for the purposes of this section

the amount of the expenses incurred by the board

administering a milk marketing scheme in giving effect

to such arrangements as aforesaid in any period, there

shall be treated as part of those expenses such sum as

may be certified by the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, to be properly payable by way of compensation to that board by reason of the fact that milk has,

in pursuance of the arrangements, been sold at reduced

prices for consumption by such classes of persons and in

such manner as may be specified in the arrangements.

(3) The Minister shall, as soon as may be after any

arrangements have been approved by him for the purposes

of this section in connection with a milk marketing scheme,

lay particulars of the arrangements before each House of

Parliament.

General and supplementary provisions .

12.—(1) Where any quantity of milk produced in

the area to which a milk marketing scheme applies—

(a) having been sold by a registered producer, has,

in the month of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four, or any subsequent month, been

used (elsewhere than at a farm) in manufacturing any milk product; or

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

Ch. 51.

489

(b) having been produced by a registered producer,

has, in any such month as aforesaid, been used

by the board in manufacturing a milk product; or

(c) having been produced by a registered producer,

has, in any such month as aforesaid, been used

by that registered producer in manufacturing

cheese at a farm in his occupation; or

(d) has been produced or sold in any period by a

registered producer and has been produced in

circumstances determined by the Minister or

by the board with the object of securing, so

far as practicable, that the milk is pure and

free from the infection of any disease; or

(e) has, in any period, been sold by a registered

producer at a reduced price in accordance with

arrangements approved by the Minister for the

purposes of the last foregoing section;

then, without prejudice to the effect of any order under

section nine of this Act, the board may, notwithstanding

anything in the scheme and subject to such conditions

as they think fit, pay or allow to the registered producer,

in respect of each gallon comprised in that quantity of

milk, a sum of such amount as they may determine

with respect to that month or that period, as the case

may be.

(2) For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared

that any power of the board administering a milk marketing scheme to determine the price at, below or above

which milk produced in the area to which the scheme

applies, or any kind, grade or description of milk so

produced, may be sold by any registered producer,

includes power to determine, in relation to milk so produced or any kind, grade or description of such milk,

as the case may be, different prices by reference to the

different purposes for which it is sold or used.

(3) The board administering any milk marketing

scheme may from time to time determine the places or

areas at, to or within which milk produced in the area to

which the scheme applies, or any description or quantity

of milk so produced, may be sold, or offered or consigned

for sale, or delivered on sale, by any registered producer,

and if any registered producer deals with any milk in

contravention of any determination made by the board

490

Ch. 51.

Milk Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

under this subsection, then, subject to any provisions of the scheme which prescribe procedure in connection with

the imposition and recovery of penalties, the board shall

impose on, and recover from, that producer such monetary penalty as the board think just, not exceeding one

hundred pounds or such greater sum (if any) as may be

prescribed by the scheme in relation to such a contravention as aforesaid:

Provided that no determination shall be made under

this subsection by any board except after consultation

with such a committee as the Minister may have

approved for the purpose as representing the interests

of purchasers of milk by wholesale.

(4) Where, in conformity with a milk marketing

scheme, any contract whereby a registered producer

undertakes to sell, otherwise than to, or through the

agency of, the board, any milk produced in the area to

which the scheme applies, purports to confer on the board

any right to recover from the purchaser the whole or

any part of any damages for which the purchaser may

be liable under the contract in respect of a breach of

warranty on his part, then, without prejudice to the

effect of subsection (2) of section seventeen of the

23 & 24 Agricultural Marketing Act, 1933, the board may enforce

ueo.a. c. right against the purchaser, notwithstanding that

the board are not parties to the contract and notwithstanding that, as between the board and the purchaser,

there is no consideration.

(5) The board administering any milk marketing

scheme may enter into and carry into effect an agreement

with the board administering any other such scheme,

whereby the first-mentioned board, for such consideration

and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the

agreement, —

(a) undertake that, during a period specified in the

agreement, they will exercise their powers in

such manner as may be so specified; or

(b) undertake that, during a period specified in the

agreement, they will make to the other board

payments of such amounts and at such times

as may be so specified.

(6) The provisions of any milk marketing scheme

shall have effect as if the functions of the board under

this Act were functions of the board under the scheme.

Ch. 51, 52.

1934.

Milk Act, 1934.

13. -(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" milk" means cows’ milk;

" milk marketing scheme" means a scheme under

the Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931, for regulating the marketing of milk;

"milk product" means cream, butter, cheese, milk

powder or condensed milk;

" the Minister, " " the board, " " registered producer "

and " the Gazette " have the same meanings

respectively as in the Agricultural Marketing

Act, 1931;

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made,

with the approval of the Treasury, by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the

Secretary of State for Scotland, acting in

conjunction.

(2) For the purposes of this Act a farm shall be

deemed to include the farm house and all buildings

occupied together with the farm, but not to include any

premises ■which are for the time being approved as

manufacturing premises by the board administering a

milk marketing scheme.

14. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Milk Act,

1934.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the

fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-

four.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to make permanent certain temporary

enactments relating to the relief of the poor in

Scotland; and to make further provision with

regard to such relief.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

491

Interpretation.

Short title

and commencement.

492

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Certain

temporary

enactments

anent poor

relief made

permanent.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 64.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 6.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 9.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 35.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 3.

Amendments of

11 & 12

Geo. 5.

c. 64 and

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 3.

Cji. 52. Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1921, as amended by section three of the Local

Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923, by

section one of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions

Continuance (Scotland) Act, 1924, by section one of the

Poor Law Emergency Provisions Continuance (Scotland)

Act, 1925, and by this Act shall, with the exception of

subsection (4) of section two of the said Act of 1921,

become a permanent Act and accordingly so much of any

Act in force at the commencement of this Act as limits

the duration of the said Act of 1921 shall cease to have

effect.

(2) Sections one and five of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1927, as amended

by this Act, shall become permanent enactments and

accordingly so much of any Act in force at the commencement of this Act as ‘limits the duration of the said

sections shall cease to have effect.

2. —(1) Section one of the Poor Law Emergency

Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1921, as made permanent by

this Act (which section relates to poor relief to destitute

able-bodied persons out of employment) shall be read

and have effect as if in subsection (1) thereof for the

words from " so however " to the end of the subsection

there were substituted the words "who are unable to

obtain employment " and as if there were omitted from

subsection (2) thereof the words "except those relating

" to the recovery of expenses from the parish of

" settlement."

(2) Section one of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1927, as made permanent by this Act (which section relates to relief to dependants of

persons involved in a trade dispute), shall be read and

have effect as if in subsection (3) thereof the words

" except those relating to the recovery of expenses from

" the parish of settlement and to applications to the

" sheriff by persons refused relief " were omitted.

(3) Section three of the Poor Law Emergency

Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1927 (which relates to the

giving of relief on loan), shall cease to have effect.

1934.

Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Ch. 52.

493

3. — (1) Section seventy-two of the principal Act Local

and section three of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1898 authority

(which sections relate to the removal of poor persons to to relieve

their areas of settlement), shall cease to have effect, ~ er g°nsin

and, subject as hereinafter provided, it shall be the duty t eir area

of a local authority to afford relief to all poor persons in and to

their area whether such persons have a settlement therein recover

or elsewhere, and accordingly a poor person shall, not- x P n8 8

withstanding that his settlement shall have been ascer- 8 etriement°

tained to be in an area other* than the area in which he & c .

is at the time, have the like right to relief in all respects 6l&G2 Vict.

from the local authority of the last-mentioned area as if 21 •

his settlement were in that area.

(2) Nothing in section seventy-one of the principal

Act shall entitle a local authority to recover in respect of

expenditure on the relief of a poor person from the local

authority of the area to which such poor person shall

ultimately be found to belong any amount in excess of the amount which it would have cost the last-mentioned

authority to relieve him had it been the duty of that

authority to afford him relief. Any dispute as to the

amount recoverable under the said section as amended

by this subsection, shall, on the application of either

authority, be determined by the Department, whose

decision shall be final.

(3) Where the settlement of a poor person in receipt

of relief from a local authority (hereinafter referred to as

the " relieving authority ") has been ascertained to be

in the area of another local authority, the relieving

authority may, with the sanction of the Department,

make an order for the removal of such person to the area

in which he has his settlement:

Provided that—

(i) no such order shall be made in the case of a

person who, by reason of sickness or infirmity,

is incapable of being removed, or who has

resided within the area of the relieving authority for a period of not less than one year

immediately preceding his application for

relief; and

(ii) the sanction of the Department to any such

order shall not be given unless the Department

are of opinion that, having regard to the

W'hole circumstances of the case, the removal

is reasonable and proper.

494

Statement

of grounds

of refusal

of relief,

&c., to be

furnished

on application.

Interim

relief

directed by

sherilf to be

outdoor

relief.

24 & 25

Geo. 5. c.29.

Department

may award

interim

relief on

complaint of

inadequate

relief.

Ch. 52. Poor Law 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

(4) An order for the removal of a poor person made

in pursuance of this section shall be intimated by the

relieving authority to the local authority of the area

ascertained to be the area of the poor person’s settlement

and, if within fourteen days after such intimation, the

last-mentioned local authority shall not remove such

poor person, it shall be lawful for the relieving authority

to cause him to be removed to the area of his settlement

at the expense of the local authority of that area.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation

of any enactment relating to the removal of poor persons

bom in England, Northern Ireland, or the Isle of Man.

4. —(1) Where any person who is dis-satisfied with a

decision refusing to afford him relief, or refusing to afford

him relief otherwise than by admission to a poorhouse,

makes application to the local authority within seven days

after intimation to him of such decision, for a written

statement of the grounds thereof, the local authority shall

forthwith furnish him with such statement.

(2) Whenever any such decision as aforesaid is

intimated to an applicant for relief, the intimation shall

be accompanied by a statement informing him of the

provisions of the foregoing subsection and of his right

to, and the manner in which he may, appeal against

such decision.

5. Interim relief or support directed by the sheriff

in pursuance of section seventy-three of the principal Act

to be afforded or continued to any person shall, except

where such person otherwise desires, be afforded by way of

outdoor relief, and, except as aforesaid, an offer to admit

such person to a poorhouse shall not be deemed to be

compliance with the sheriff’s direction:

Provided that this section shall not apply as respects

any person to whom the affording of outdoor relief is

prohibited by the provisions of section fifty-three of, and

Part II of the Eighth Schedule to, the Unemployment

Act, 1934.

6. —(1) It shall be lawful for the Department at any

time after a complaint as to the inadequacy of the relief

granted to any person is lodged with them under section

seventy-four of the principal Act to award to him such

interim relief as to the Department shall seem just, and

the local authority shall comply wdth any such award.

1934.

Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Ch. 52.

495

(2) An award of interim relief to any person under

this section shall cease to have effect on the final determination of any action brought by or on behalf of such

person relative to the relief granted to him by the local

authority, and shall be recalled by the Department if,

upon inquiry, they are satisfied that the grounds of the

complaint are not well founded or that such grounds have

been removed, or if the Department have declared that

there is a just cause of action and the person to whom the

interim relief has been awarded has, in the opinion of the

Department, unreasonably delayed to raise such action.

(3) Section seventy-four of the principal Act, in so

far as it relates to interim aliment, shall cease to have

effect, and accordingly the words in that section from

" and it shall be lawful " to the end of the section shall

be repealed.

7. — (1) Subject to any regulations which may be

made by the Department, a local authority may make

provision for the instruction and training of persons to

or in respect of whom poor relief is being afforded and

who are of the age of eighteen years or upwards, with a

view' to rendering such persons fit for entry into or

return to regular employment, and to that end may

themselves provide and maintain courses of instruction

and training for such persons or may contribute towards

the cost of the provision and maintenance of such courses

by another local authority or by any other body, but

it shall not be lawful for a local authority to make

attendance at any such course a condition of the receipt

of relief.

(2) Subject to any regulations which may be made

by the Department, any able-bodied person applying for

or in receipt of outdoor relief may, as a condition of

receiving or continuing to receive such relief, be required

by the local authority to perform work suited to the

person’s age, sex, strength and aptitude if the authority

consider it expedient so to require in the particular case:

Provided that no person shall be required to perform

any work otherwise than at a work centre provided

under this section or at or in connection v'ith any

institution maintained by the authority for the purposes

of the principal Act, and on a certificate by a medical

officer of the authority that he is physically fit to perform

Training

of and performance of

work by

poor persons.

496

Ch. 52.

Poor Law 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 25.

Classification of

indoor poor.

Regulations

as to work

in poor-

houses.

the work, which certificate may, in the case of a person

who has a regular medical attendant, be given only after

consultation with such medical attendant wherever there

is a reasonable opportunity of consulting with him.

(3) A local authority shall have power to provide

and maintain work centres for such persons as may be

required by the authority to perform work in accordance

with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection.

(4) Any power conferred by this section to provide

courses of instruction and training and work centres shall

be construed as including power to acquire land, to construct buildings, to provide and maintain plant and

equipment and to do such other things as may be

necessary for the purposes of this section.

(5) A local authority shall have power to borrow for

the purpose of meeting any expenditure of a capital

nature incurred by them under this section, and the

provisions of section twenty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, shall apply to the power

hereby conferred.

(6) Expenditure incurred by a local authority under

this section shall be defrayed in like manner as expenditure for the relief of the poor.

8. A local authority shall, if required by the Department, provide or make arrangements for the provision of

suitable and separate accommodation for each or any

of such classes of indoor poor as may be prescribed

by regulations made by the Department.

9. —(1) Regulations may be made by the Department providing for the performance by inmates of poor-

houses of work suited to their age, sex, strength and

aptitude:

Provided that the regulations shall secure that no

inmate shall be required to perform any work otherwise

than in or about, or in connection with, the poorhouse of

which he is an inmate, and on a certificate by a medical

officer of the local authority that he is physically fit to

perform it.

(2) All rules and regulations made by local authorities under section sixty-four of the principal Act for

the management of poorhouses or the discipline and

treatment of the inmates thereof shall, in so far as they

497

1934.

Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Ch. 52.

relief to

, members

from a D f friendly

societies,

&c.

are inconsistent with regulations made under this section,

cease to have effect.

10. A local authority may make arrangements for Boarding-

the lodging, boarding, or maintenance otherwise than out of

in a poorhouse of children under the age of sixteen ciliIciren -

years who are orphans, or who have been deserted by,

or are separated from, their parents, so however that

any arrangements so made shall be subject to such

regulations as the Department may make with respect

thereto.

11. —(1) In affording outdoor relief to any person Outdoor

a local authority shall disregard—

(a) the first five shillings of his sick pay

friendly society or trade union;

(b) the first seven shillings and sixpence of his

benefit under the National Health Insurance

Acts, 1924 to 1932;

(c) the whole of any maternity benefit under the

last-mentioned Acts, exclusive of any increase

of such benefit by way of additional benefit

and of any second maternity benefit within the

meaning of those Acts; and

(d) the first one pound of any wounds or disability

pension of which he, or any other person whose

resources the authority take into account in

relieving him, is in receipt.

(2) Where a person to whom a local authority have

afforded outdoor relief shows to the satisfaction of the

Department that the authority, in affording such relief,

have failed in any respect to comply with the provisions

of the foregoing subsection, then, notwithstanding anything in section seventy-five of the principal Act, he shall

be entitled to recover from the authority such sum as the

Department may certify to be the difference in amount

between the relief afforded to him and the relief which he

would have received had the authority duly complied

with the provisions of the said subsection.

(3) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and five

of the National Health Insurance Act, 1924, is hereby 14 & 15

repealed, and the Transitional Payments (Determination Geo. 5. c. 38.

of Need) Act, 1932, so far as it applies to the granting of 22 & 23

T . Geo. 5. c. 54.

498

Ch. 52.

Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

outdoor relief under the enactments relating to the poor

law, shall have effect as if rule (a) in subsection (1) of

section one were omitted.

(4) This section, so far as it relates to wounds or

disability pensions and to the Transitional Payments

(Determination of Need) Act, 1932, shall come into

operation on such date as the Secretary of State may

appoint.

Power of

Department

to make

regulations

with

respect to

certain

matters

relating to

relief.

Regulations

to be laid

before Parliament.

Residence In

approved school

under 22 & 23

Geo. 6. c. 47 to

be excluded for

purposes of

ascertaining

settlement.

12. The Department shall make regulations with

respect to:

(a) the duties of inspectors of poor and other officers

of a local authority in relation to applications

for relief, the investigation of the circumstances

of applicants for relief, the affording of relief to

poor persons and the visiting of persons who

are in receipt of outdoor relief; and

(b) the records to be kept by local authorities with

regard to the administration of the refief of the

poor.

13. All regulations made by the Department under

this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament

as soon as may be after they are made, and if an address

is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament

within the subsequent twenty-one days on which that

House has sat next after any such regulations are laid

before it, praying that the regulations may be annulled,

the regulations shall be annulled and shall thenceforth

be void but without prejudice to the validity of anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of new

regulations.

14. The time during which a person is detained in

an approved school under the Children and Young

Persons (Scotland) Act, 1932, shall be excluded in the

computation of time for all purposes relating to the

settlement of that person.

Adopted child 15. An adopted child within the meaning of the

for pu!• posts' 1 Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, shall be

of poor relief treated for all purposes relating to poor relief as being

" adapter ' M lawful child of the person or persons by whom he

20 & 21 Get. 5 . i 8 adopted, and as not being the child of any other

c- 37. person.

1934.

Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Ch. 52.

499

16. The amendments specified in the second column Minor and

of the Schedule to this Act, being minor and conse- consequen-

quential amendments of the principal Act, shall be tialamend-

made in the sections of that Act specified in the first ments -

column of that Schedule.

17. —(1) In this Act unless the context otherwise interpreta-

requires the following expressions have the meanings tion.

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" Local authority" means the local authority

charged with the administration of the

principal Act and includes a combination of

such authorities;

" The Department" means the Department of

Health for Scotland;

" The principal Act" means the Poor Law (Scot- 8 & 9 Vict,

land) Act, 1845; c - 83 -

" Wounds or disability pension" means any retired

pay or pension to which section sixteen of the

Finance Act, 1919, applies. 9 & lo

Geo. 5. c. 32.

(2) Any reference in this Act, or in the enactments

made permanent by this Act, to any other enactment

shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed

as a reference to that enactment as amended by any

subsequent enactment, including this Act.

18. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Short title,

(Scotland) Act, 1934. construction, extent

(2) This Act shall be read and construed as one with and

the principal Act. commencement.

(3) This Act shall apply to Scotland only, and, save

as otherwise expressly provided, shall come into operation

on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four.

Ii 2

500

Ch. 52, 53.

Poor Law 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1934.

Section 16.

County

courts to be

held for

districts.

SCHEDULE.

Minor and Consequential Amendments.

Sections of Poor

Law (Scotland)

Act, 1845,

to be amended. Amendment.

Section 55 - The words from " inquire into " to " division of a

parish, and " and the proviso to the section

shall be omitted.

Section 70 - The words " in accordance with any regulations

" made by the Department of Health for

" Scotland under the Poor Law (Scotland)

Act, 1934 " shall be inserted after the words

" such applications, shall", and the word

" interim ", and the words from "until the

parish or combination " to " determined

or ", shall be omitted.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating

to County Courts.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Constitution and Administration.

County Courts and Districts.

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, England

(excluding the City of London) shall be divided into

districts, and a court shall be held under this Act for

each of the said districts at one or more places therein,

and throughout the whole of each district the court so

held for the district shall have such jurisdiction and

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

501

powers as are conferred by this Act and any other

enactment for the time being in force.

(2) Every court so held shall be called a county court

and shall be a court of record and shall have a seal.

2. —(1) Subject to any alterations made in pursuance

of this Act, county courts shall continue to be held for

the districts and at the places and by the names appointed

at the commencement of this Act under the enactments

repealed by this Act.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time

by order—

(a) alter the number and boundaries of districts

and the places at which courts are to be held;

(b) discontinue the holding of any court, consolidate

any two or more districts, or divide any district;

(c) specify the name under which, and the places

in which, a court is to be held in any

district:

Provided that no order shall be made under this

subsection with respect to a Duchy of Lancaster district

except with the consent of the Chancellor of that Duchy.

(3) Any order made under this section for the

discontinuance of the holding of any court may make

provision with respect to proceedings commenced in that

court before the order comes into operation.

(4) Any order made under this section may be

varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder.

3, —(1) In this Act the expression "Duchy of

Lancaster district" means a district wholly or partly

within that Duchy, being a district the judge of which

is not judge of any other district wholly outside that

Duchy, or, in a case where there is more than one judge

of the district, being a district no judge of which is

judge of any other district wholly outside that Duchy:

Provided that the Lord Chancellor may by order

provide that a district adjacent to the said Duchy shall

be treated for the purpose of this subsection as if it were

wholly or partly within that Duchy.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may, with the consent of the Chancellor of the said Duchy, revoke any order made

under this section.

Part I.

— cont.

Delimitation of districts.

Definition

of Duchy of

Lancaster

districts.

502

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Judges.

4.—(1) There shall be at least one judge for each

district, and the Lord Chancellor shall from time to time

appoint to be judges such number of fit persons as is

necessary:

Provided that—

(a) when the judge of a Duchy of Lancaster

district ceases to be the judge thereof, whether

by reason of his vacating office or by reason of

any alteration in the distribution of the

districts among the judges made under subsection (4) of this section, the appointment of

his successor shall, unless it is made under the

said subsection (4), be made by the Chancellor

of that Duchy and not by the Lord Chancellor;

and

(b) the number of judges shall not at any time

exceed sixty.

(2) The distribution of the districts among the

judges, as existing at the commencement of this Act,

shall continue, subject to any alterations made under

this section.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may from time to tune

direct that there shall be two judges for a district, and

may make such regulations as to their respective sittings,

or otherwise as to the division of their duties, as he

thinks fit, and each of the judges when acting in pursuance of any such direction shall have all such powers

as he would have had if he had been sole judge for the

district.

(4) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time

alter the distribution of the districts among the judges,

and for that purpose may—

(a) direct that any judge shall cease to be the judge

of any district, or shall be transferred from all

or any of the districts for which he is judge to

any other district;

(b) appoint any judge to be judge for any district

in addition to the district for which he is already

judge;

(c) direct that any judge shall sit as an additional

judge in any district.

Part I.

— cent.

Appointment of

judges for

districts.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

503

(5) The Lord Chancellor shall not exercise his powers

under either of the last tw'o foregoing subsections with

respect to a Duchy of Lancaster district except with the

consent of the Chancellor of that Duchy.

(6) Any judge shall be capable of acting for any

other judge within or without any district for which

that other judge has been appointed.

5. —(1) No person shall be qualified to be appointed

a judge unless he is a barrister-at-law of at least seven

years’ standing.

(2) Before appointing any person to be a judge, the

Lord Chancellor or the Chancellor of the Duchy of

Lancaster, as the case may be, shall take steps to satisfy

himself that the health of that person is satisfactory.

6 . No judge, so long as he holds office as such,

shall—

(a) be capable of being elected, or of sitting as, a

member of the House of Commons; or

(b) practise at the bar, or be directly or indirectly

concerned as a conveyancer, notary public or

solicitor; or

(c) act as arbitrator or referee for any remuneration

to himself.

7. —(1) The Lord Chancellor or, in the case of a

judge of a Duchy of Lancaster district, the Chancellor of

that Duchy, may, if he thinks fit, remove a judge for

inability or misbehaviour.

(2) A judge shall vacate his office at the end of the

completed year of service in the course of which he attains

the age of seventy-two years:

Provided that where the Lord Chancellor considers

it desirable in the public interest to retain any judge in

office after that judge attains the said age, he may

from time to time authorise the continuance of that judge

in office up to such later age (not exceeding seventy-five

years) as he thinks fit.

8. —(1) There shall be paid to every judge a salary

of one thousand five hundred pounds a year.

(2) Every salary payable as aforesaid shall—

(a) be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof; and

Part I.

— cont.

Qualifications of

judges.

Disqualifications of

judges.

Removal

and retirement of

judges.

Salaries and

allowances

of judges.

504

Part I.

— cont.

Pensions of

judges.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(b) begin from the date of appointment and

accrue due from day to day; and

(c) be payable at such intervals not exceeding

three months as the Treasury may from time

to time determine.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may allow to any judge such

sum as the Lord Chancellor in each case, with the

approval of the Treasury, thinks reasonable for the

purpose of defraying the travelling expenses of the judge,

regard being had to the size and circumstances of the

district for which he is judge or in which he is directed

under this Act to sit as judge.

9.—(1) The Lord Chancellor may from time to

time recommend to the Treasury that there shall be paid

to any judge an annual sum by way of pension calculated

in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the First

Schedule to this Act—

(a) if his office is vacated in pursuance of subsection (2) of section seven of this Act; or

(b) if the Lord Chancellor is satisfied by means of

a medical certificate that, by reason of infirmity

of mind or body, he is incapable of discharging

the duties of his office, and that the incapacity

is likely to be permanent; or

(c) if he retires after fifteen years’ service, and at the

time of retirement has attained the age of

sixty-five years.

(2) A person to whom a pension has been granted

under this section before he has attained the age of

seventy-two years in consequence of such incapacity as

aforesaid shall, until he has attained that age, be liable

to be called upon by the Lord Chancellor to resume the

duties of a judge of county courts with the salary

attached thereto, and, if (being in a competent state of

health) he declines when so called upon to resume those

duties, or declines or neglects to execute those duties

satisfactorily, he shall forfeit his right to the pension so

granted to him.

(3) Whenever a person has resumed his duties as

aforesaid, the payment of the pension granted to him

shall be suspended during the period of his resumed

service, but at the end of that period the pension shall

again be payable and be recalculated in accordance

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

with the provisions of Part I of the said. First Schedule,

and for that purpose the period of his resumed service

shall be added to the period of his former service.

(4) The decision of the Treasury shall be final on

any question arising as to—

(a) the application of any of the provisions of this

section to any person; or

(b) the amount of any pension under this section; or

(c) the reckoning of any service for the purpose of

calculating such a pension.

(5) Any pension under this section shall be charged

on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing

produce thereof, and shall be paid quarterly or otherwise

in every year as the Treasury may determine.

10 . His Majesty may include, in any commission of the peace for any borough, city, county, riding, or division

of a county where a county court is held, the judge

for the time being of that court, and thereupon

every person duly appointed to be the judge of that

court shall (whether he has ceased to hold office

as such or not) be deemed to be included in the

commission as if he had been personally named therein.

Deputy Judges.

11 .—(1)In the event of the illness or unavoidable

absence of a judge, it shall be lawful for him to appoint

a person to act as his deputy during the illness or

absence:

Provided that—

(a) on the making of any such appointment,

notice of the fact and of the name of the

deputy shall be forthwith given to the Lord

Chancellor; and

(b) no deputy so appointed shall be entitled to

act for more than fourteen days at any

time, except with the approval of the Lord

Chancellor; and

(c) if the judge is unable to make any such

appointment, the Lord Chancellor may

make it.

505

Part I.

— com.

Inclusion of

judges in

commissions of the

peace.

Appointment of

deputy

judges.

506

Part I.

— cont.

Qualifications of

deputy

judges and

right to

practise.

Removal of

deputy

judges.

Remuneration of

deputy

judges.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) It shall also be lawful for a judge, with the

approval of the Lord Chancellor or, in the case of a judge

of a Duchy of Lancaster district, with the approval of the

Chancellor of that Duchy, to appoint a person to act as

his deputy for any period or periods not exceeding in the

aggregate two months in any consecutive period of twelve

months.

(3) Where, in the absence of a judge, a person

appointed to act as his deputy is by reason of illness or

otherwise incapable of performing his duties as deputy,

the Lord Chancellor may appoint another person to act

as deputy of that judge.

(4) When a judge vacates his office from any cause

whatsoever and no deputy has been appointed, the Lord

Chancellor or, in the case of a judge of a Duchy of Lancaster district, the Chancellor of that Duchy, may appoint

a deputy for any period not exceeding three months

if the office so long remains vacant.

(5) A deputy judge may be appointed to act for a

judge in all or any of the districts for which the judge was

appointed, or at all or any of the places at which the

court for any such district is held.

12. —(1) No person shall be qualified to be appointed

to act as deputy of a judge unless he—

(a) has previously held the office of judge; or

(b) is a barrister-at-law of at least seven years ’

standing.

(2) No person appointed to act as the deputy of

a judge (other than the judge of the Westminster County

Court of Middlesex) shall, during the period for which

he so acts or is entitled so to act, practise as a barrister

in any county court or other court within the district in

which he sp acts or is entitled so to act.

13. The Lord Chancellor, or, in the case of a deputy

of a judge of a Duchy of Lancaster district (other than a

deputy appointed by the Lord Chancellor), the Chancellor

of that Duchy, may, if he thinks fit, remove a deputy

judge for inability or misbehaviour.

14. —(1) Where a deputy has been appointed in the

case of the illness of any judge, the Lord Chancellor may,

with the approval of the Treasury, allow the deputy such

remuneration as he thinks fit.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

507

(2) Every deputy who is—

(a) appointed to act for a judge who subsequently,

dining the period of the appointment, vacates

his office from any cause whatsoever; or

(b) appointed under subsection (4) of section

eleven of this Act to act during a vacancy in

the office of a judge;

shall receive in respect of the period for which he acts

as deputy during the vacancy such remuneration as the

Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of the Treasury,

in any case determine.

15. —(1) Every deputy judge shall, during the period

for which he is appointed, have all the powers and

privileges, and perform all the duties of the judge for

whom he is appointed to act.

(2) Where the hearing of any proceedings duly

commenced before a deputy judge is adjourned, or

judgment is reserved therein, the deputy judge shall,

notwithstanding that before the hearing is resumed or

judgment is delivered the period of his appointment

expires or a successor is appointed to the judge for whom

he was acting as deputy, have power to resume the

hearing and determine the proceedings, or to deliver as

the judgment of the court the judgment which he has

reserved, as the case may be.

(3) The appointment of a deputy of a judge shall not

be avoided by the vacation of office by that judge from

any cause whatsoever, and the acts of the deputy done

thereafter shall be as valid as if the judge had not vacated

office, and the deputy shall continue to act in every court

to which he was appointed until—

(a) the Lor4 Chancellor, or, in the case of a deputy

of a judge for a Duchy of Lancaster district (not

being a deputy appointed by the Lord Chancellor), the Chancellor of that Duchy, otherwise

orders; or

(b) a successor to the judge is appointed.

Registrars.

16. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

there shall be a registrar for each district, who shall

be appointed by the Lord Chancellor.

Part I.

— cont.

Powers of

deputy

judges.

Appointment of

registrars.

508

Part I.

— cont.

Whole-time

registrars.

Qualifications of

registrars.

Removal

and retirement of

registrars

and notice

of vacancies.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit,

appoint a person to be registrar for two or more districts.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, in

the case of a populous district, appoint two persons to

execute jointly the office of registrar for the district and

may, in any case where joint registrars are appointed,

give directions with respect to the division between them

of the duties of the office, and may, as he thinks fit, on

the death, resignation or removal of a joint registrar,

either appoint another person to be joint registrar in his

place or give directions that the continuing registrar

shall act as sole registrar.

17. If in any case the Lord Chancellor thinks it

expedient so to do, having regard to the amount of

business to be performed by any registrar in pursuance

of this Act and to the amount of business (if any) to be

performed by him as district registrar of the High Court,

he may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, direct that

that registrar shall not directly or indirectly engage in

practice as a solicitor or carry on any employment of

such a nature as will, in the opinion of the Lord Chancellor, prevent him from properly performing his duties

as registrar.

18. —(1) No person shall be qualified to be appointed

a registrar unless he is a solicitor of at least seven years ’

standing.

(2) The Lord Chancellor shall, before giving any

direction under which a person will on appointment as

registrar be, or under which a person holding the office

of registrar will become, a whole-time registrar, take

steps to satisfy himself that the health of the person

concerned is satisfactory. *

(3) Nothing in this section shall disqualify any

registrar appointed before the fourteenth day of July,

nineteen hundred and twenty-four, from continuing to

hold his office.

19. —(1) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit,

remove a registrar from his office.

(2) A whole-time registrar shall vacate his office

at the end of the completed year of service in the course

of which he attains the age of seventy-two years:

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

509

Provided that, where the Lord Chancellor considers Part I.

it desirable in the public interest to retain any registrar —cant.

in office after that registrar attains the said age, he

may, with the approval of the Treasury, from time to time

authorise the continuance of that registrar in office up

to such later age, not exceeding seventy-five years, as

he thinks fit.

(3) Notice of a vacancy occurring in the office of

registrar for a district shall be forthwith given to the

Lord Chancellor by the judge for that district.

20. — (1) Every registrar shall be paid such salary, Salary of

to be either exclusive or inclusive of the remuneration registrars,

of any officers of the court and of any other expenses of

his office, as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time,

with the consent of the Treasury, direct.

(2) Where the salary is inclusive of any such

remuneration or expenses as aforesaid, the Lord

Chancellor may, if he thinks fit and subject to the consent of the Treasury, specify what part of the salary is

applicable to the payment of the said remuneration or

expenses.

21. — (1) The provisions of the Superannuation Acts Pensions of

shall apply to whole-time registrars subject to the whole-time

modifications specified in subsections (2), (3), (4) and (5) re S istrars -

of this section:

Provided that, if a whole-time registrar who was,

immediately before his appointment as such, an assistant

registrar or a civil servant, gives notice, in such form

and within such period after his appointment as may be

prescribed by order of the Lord Chancellor—

(a) in the case of an assistant registrar, of his desire

to continue subject to the provisions of this Act

relating to the pensions of persons in court

service; or

(b) in the case of a civil servant, of his desire to

continue subject to the statutory provisions

relating to the pensions of civil servants;

he shall, for the purposes of pension, be deemed not to

be a whole-time registrar but to be a person employed in

court service or a civil servant, as the case may be.

510

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 10.

4&5 Geo. 5.

c. 86.

22 Vict,

c. 26.

Residence of

registrars.

Records of

proceeding 8

to be kept by

registrars.

(2) The superannuation allowance on retirement

shall be in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act instead of in accordance

with the provisions of the Superannuation Acts.

(3) The following provisions of the Superannuation

Act, 1909, shall not apply, that is to say, section two (as

amended by section two of the Superannuation Act, 1914),

section three and subsection (2) of section six.

(4) Section ten of the Superannuation Act, 1859, shall

not apply, but a superannuation allowance shall not be

granted under this section to a person who is under the

age of seventy-two years, unless—

(a) the Treasury are satisfied by means of a medical

certificate that he is incapable from infirmity of

mind or body of discharging the duties of his

office and that the i n fi rmi ty is likely to be

permanent; or

(b) he has served fifteen years as a registrar and has

attained the age of sixty-five years.

(5) A whole-time registrar shall, for the purposes of the Superannuation Acts, be deemed to have served in

the permanent Civil Service of the State notwithstanding

that he has not been admitted to office with a certificate

from the Civil Service Commissioners.

(6) For the purposes of this section, the period of

service of a whole-time registrar shall be reckoned as

from the date on which he became such a registrar.

22. A registrar shall not reside outside the district

for which he is registrar, except with the consent of the

Lord Chancellor and subject to such conditions as the

Lord Chancellor may impose.

23. —(1) The registrar for every district shall keep

or cause to be kept such records of and in relation to

proceedings in the court for that district as the Lord

Chancellor may by regulations prescribe.

(2) Any entry in a book or other document required

by the said regulations to be kept for the purposes of this section, or a copy thereof purporting to be signed

1934. County Courts Ch. 53. 511

Act, 1934.

and certified as a true copy by the registrar, shall at all Past I.

times without further proof be admitted in any court conL

or place whatsoever as evidence of the entry and of the

proceeding referred to thereby and of the regularity of

that proceeding.

Deputy and Assistant Registrars and other Officers.

24.—(1) The registrar for any district may from Deputy

time to time, with the approval of the judge for that registrars,

district, appoint a deputy to act for him at any time

when he is prevented by illness or unavoidable absence

from acting in his office:

Provided that where the registrar is unable to make

such an appointment, the judge may make it.

(2) The appointment of a deputy of a registrar

under the foregoing provisions of this section shall not

be avoided by the vacation of office by the registrar from

any cause whatsoever, but the acts of the deputy done

thereafter shall be as valid as if the registrar had not

vacated office, and the deputy shall continue to act until

a successor to the registrar is appointed.

(3) Where a registrar vacates his office from any

cause whatsoever and has not appointed a deputy, the

judge may provisionally appoint a deputy to act for any

period not exceeding three months.

(4) Any person appointing a deputy under this

section may at his pleasure remove that deputy from

office.

(5) Every deputy who is—

(a) appointed to act for a registrar who subsequently, during the period of the appointment,

vacates his office from any cause whatsoever;

or

(b) provisionally appointed under subsection (3)

of this section to act during a vacancy in the

office of registrar;

shall receive in respect of the period for which he acts

as deputy during the vacancy such remuneration as

the Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of the

Treasury, direct.

512

Part I.

— cont.

Assistant

registrars.

Powers and

liabilities of

deputy and

assistant

registrars.

Qualification of

deputy and

assistant

registrars.

Appointment and

removal of

subordinate

officers.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(6) Where a deputy has been appointed in the case

of the illness or unavoidable absence of a whole-time

registrar, the Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of the Treasury, allow to the registrar such sums in respect

of the remuneration and expenses of the deputy as he

thinks fit.

25. —(1) The Lord Chancellor may, with the concurrence of the Treasury as to numbers and salaries,

appoint in connection with any court such assistant

registrars as he considers necessary for carrying out the

work of the court, and may, if he thinks fit, remove

any such assistant registrar from his office.

(2) Where there is an assistant registrar, the Lord

Chancellor may direct which of the powers and duties

of the registrar are to be exercised and performed by the

assistant registrar.

26. A deputy registrar while acting under his

appointment, and an assistant registrar while exercising

the powers or performing the duties specified in a direction

of the Lord Chancellor given under the last foregoing

section, shall have the same powers and be subject to

the same liabilities as if he were the registrar.

27. No person shall be qualified to be appointed a

deputy registrar or an assistant registrar unless he is a

solicitor of at least seven years’ standing.

28. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the Lord

Chancellor may, with the concurrence of the Treasury

as to numbers and salaries, appoint in connection with

any court such clerks, bailiffs, ushers and messengers as

he considers necessary for the purpose of carrying out

the work of the court, and may from time to time direct

what duties shall be performed by those officers

respectively, and may, if he thinks fit, remove any such

officer from his office:

Provided that where the registrar is paid a salary

inclusive of the remuneration of any such officers (whether

the part of the salary applicable to the payment of that

remuneration is specified under section twenty of this Act or not), those officers shall be appointed and be

removable by the registrar.

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

(2) Where a bailiff is appointed by the registrar, his

appointment, notwithstanding that no direction has been

given in his case by the Lord Chancellor under the next

following section, shall not be vacated by the death or

removal of the registrar, but his acts done thereafter

shall be as valid as if the registrar had not died or been

removed and had authorised those acts, and he shall

continue to act until he is dismissed.

29. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, Status and

employment in court service shall, in the case of a person P 6115 10113 of

as respects whom a direction in that behalf is given by the employed in

Lord Chancellor with the concurrence of the Treasury, court

be deemed for all purposes to be employment in the service,

civil service of the State, and, if a certificate has been

issued to such a person by the Civil Service Commissioners,

allowances may in his case be granted accordingly under .

the Superannuation Acts:

Provided that, except so far as the Treasury in any

case direct, no account shall be taken for the purposes

of this section of court service before the issue of the

certificate.

(2) Employment in court service shall, in relation

to a person in whose case a direction has been given under

this section, be deemed to be employment in a public

department within the meaning of section four of the

Superannuation Act, 1887, as amended by section three 50 & 51

of the Superannuation Act, 1914. Vict. c. 67.

(3) The provisions of this section shall have effect

notwithstanding anything in any contract made between

a registrar or a high bailiff and any other person.

(4) For the purposes of this Act, the expression

" court service" means employment as an assistant

registrar, or as a clerk, bailiff, usher or messenger in the

service of a court, and includes employment in those

capacities simultaneously with employment as a clerk in

the service of a district registry of the High Court.

513

Part I.

— cont.

Miscellaneous Provisions as to Officers.

30.—(1) No officer of a court shall, either by Officers of

himself or his partner, be directly or indirectly engaged court not

as solicitor or agent for any party in any proceedings in to, ac . t "

that couit. ' ' P ST

Kk

514

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

Penalty for

assaulting

officers.

Misconduct

of officers.

(2) Every person who contravenes the provisions of this section shall, for each offence, be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

31 . If any person assaults an officer of a court

while in the execution of his duty, he shall be liable,

either on an order made by the judge in that behalf

or on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five

pounds, and a bailiff of the court may take him into

custody, with or without warrant, and bring him before

the judge.

32. —(1) If any officer of a court is charged—

(a) with extortion or misconduct while acting

under colour of the process of the said court;

or

(b) with not duly paying or accounting for any

money levied by him under the authority of this Act;

it shall be lawful for the judge to inquire into the matter

in a summary way.

(2) For the purpose of any such inquiry, the judge

may summon and enforce the attendance of all necessary

parties in like manner as the attendance of witnesses in

any case may be enforced.

(3) On any such inquiry the judge may make such

order as he thinks just for the repayment of the money

extorted or the due payment of the money levied, and

for the payment of damages and costs, and also, if he

thinks fit, may impose such fine upon the officer, not

exceeding ten pounds for each offence, as appears to him

to be adequate.

(4) If it is found by the judge that any officer,

while employed in putting this Act or any of the powers

thereof in execution, has wilfully and corruptly exacted

or accepted any fee or reward whatsoever, other than

such fees as are for the time being allowed by or under

this Act, that officer shall, in addition to being liable for

damages as in this section before provided, be for ever

incapable of being employed under this Act in any office

of profit or emolument:

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in

the case of an officer appointed by the Lord Chancellor,

unless the finding of the judge is confirmed by the Lord

Chancellor.

Court Buildings and Offices.

33 . — (1)Where, in any place in which a county

court is held, there is a building, being a town hall,

court-house or other public building belonging to any

local or other public authority, that building shall, with all

necessary rooms, furniture and fittings therein, be used

for the purpose of holding the court, without any charge

for rent or other payment, except the reasonable and

necessary charges for lighting, warming and cleaning

the building when used for the purpose aforesaid.

(2) Where any such building is used for the purpose

of holding any court, the sittings of the court shall be

so arranged as not to interfere with the business of the

local or other public authority usually transacted in the

building or with any purpose for which the building may

be used by virtue of any local Act.

(3) This section shall not apply to any place in

which a building was erected before the first day of

January, eighteen hundred and eighty-nine, for the

purpose of holding and carrying on the business of a

county court.

34 . — (1)The Commissioners of Works, on the

representation of the Lord Chancellor made with the

approval of the Treasury, shall from time to time build,

purchase, hire or otherwise provide such court-house,

offices and buildings as may be necessary for carrying on

the business of any county court, and cause the courthouse, offices and buildings to be furnished, cleaned,

lighted and warmed.

(2) For the purpose of any such purchase, the

Lands Clauses Acts (except so much thereof as relates

to the purchase of land otherwise than by agreement) are hereby incorporated with this Act, and in

construing those Acts for the purposes of this Act, this Act shall be deemed to be the special Act and the Commissioners of Works shall be deemed to be the promoters

of the undertaking.

515

Paiit I.

°ont.

Useof publJo

building

for tho°

holding of

courts.

Provision of

court-houses

by Commis

sioners of

Works.

Kk 2

516

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— card.

Ordinary

sittings.

Adjournment of

court.

(3) The duties of the Commissioners of Works under

this section shall be exercised, notwithstanding anything

in the last foregoing section of this Act, as respects any

place to which that section applies, if it appears to the

said Commissioners, on the representation of the Lord

Chancellor made with the approval of the Treasury,

that there is no town hall, courthouse, or other public

building in that place which is suitable for the purpose of holding and carrying on the business of the

court.

(4) For the purpose of providing a courthouse,

offices and buildings under this section, it shall be

lawful for the said Commissioners, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor, to contribute, on such terms as

the Treasury may approve, to the expenses incurred by

any local or other public authority in erecting or reconstructing a town hall, courthouse or other public

building.

Sittings.

35. —(1) The judge for each district shall attend

and hold the court at each of the places at which the

court is required by or under this Act to be held within

the district, and at such times as the judge may appoint,

so however that the court shall be held at every such

place once at least in every month or at such other

intervals as the Lord Chancellor may in each case

order.

(2) Notice of the days on which the court will be

held shall be posted in some conspicuous place in the

court-house and in the office of the registrar, and no

other notice thereof shall be necessary.

(3) Whenever any day so appointed for the holding

of the court is altered, notice of the intended alteration

and of the time when it will take effect shall be posted

in some such conspicuous place as aforesaid.

36. —(1) A judge may from time to time adjourn

any court held by him.

(2) Where, by reason of death or unavoidable

absence, a judge is not present at any sitting of a

court, the registrar, after exercising any powers which he

is authorised to exercise by or under this Act or any

1934. County Courts Ch. 53. 517

Act, 1934.

other enactment, shall adjourn the court to such day as Part I.

he thinks convenient, and enter in the minute book the — mnt -

cause of the adjournment.

37. — (1) A judge may, and if so required by the Additional

Lord Chancellor shall, appoint additional courts to be courts,

held, and may appoint any such additional court to be

held at any place within the district at which an office

is kept open by the registrar.

(2) Subject to county court rules, the registrar at

any such additional court may, notwithstanding that the

judge is not present, exercise any powers which he is

authorised by or under this Act or any other enactment

to exercise, and adjourn the court.

38. A judge may, with the consent of the parties to Extra-

any proceedings, hear and determine the proceedings or ordinary

any question arising therein at any place either within or 8lttm S s -

without any district for which he is judge.

39. — (1) No judge shall be obliged to hold any court Closing of

during the month of September in any year unless he is courts,

ordered by the Lord Chancellor so to do.

(2) If any judge desires to hold courts in the month

of September and to be relieved from the obligation

to hold courts during some other period of the year, the

judge may, with the sanction of the Lord Chancellor,

close the courts of which he is judge for any periods

approved by the Lord Chancellor not exceeding in the

aggregate four weeks in any year.

Part II.

Jurisdiction and Transfer of Proceedings.

Actions of Contract and Tort.

40.—(1) A county court shall have jurisdiction to General

hear and determine any action founded on contract or jurisdiction

on tort where the debt, demand or damage claimed is ‘^"tons

not more than one hundred pounds, whether on balance an d°to^ C

of account or otherwise:

518

Part II.

— cant.

Money recoverable

by statute,

Abandonment of part

of claim to

give court

jurisdiction.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Provided that a county court shall not, except as in

this Act provided, have jurisdiction to hear and determine—

(a) any action for the recovery of land; or

(b) any action in which the title to any hereditament or to any toll, fair, market or franchise

is in question; or

(c) any action for libel, slander, seduction or breach

of promise of marriage.

(2) A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear

and determine any action where the debt or demand

claimed consists of a balance not exceeding one hundred

pounds after a set-off of any debt or demand claimed or

recoverable by the defendant from the plaintiff, being a

set-off admitted by the plaintiff in the particulars of his

claim or demand.

41. A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear

and determine any action for the recovery of any penalty,

expenses, contribution or other like demand which is

recoverable by virtue of any enactment for the time being

in force, if—

(a) it is not expressly provided by that or any other

enactment that the demand shall be recoverable

only in some other court; and

(b) the amount claimed in the action does not exceed

one hundred pounds:

Provided that for the purposes of this section the

expression " penalty " shall not include a fine to which

any person is liable on conviction on indictment or on

summary conviction.

42. —(l) Where a plaintiff has a cause of action for

more than one hundred pounds in which, if it were not

for more than one hundred pounds, a county court would

have jurisdiction, the plaintiff may abandon the excess,

and thereupon a county court shall have jurisdiction to

hear and determine the action, so, however, that the

plaintiff shall not recover in the action an amount

exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) Where a court has jurisdiction to hear and

determine an action by virtue of this section, the judgment

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

519

of the court in the action shall be in full discharge of all

demands in respect of the cause of action, and entry of the judgment shall be made accordingly.

43. If, with respect to any action assigned for the

time being to the King’s Bench Division of the High

Court, the parties to the action agree, by a memorandum

signed by them or by their respective solicitors, that a

county court specified in the memorandum shall have

jurisdiction in the action, that court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine the action accordingly.

44. —(1) Where there is commenced in a county

court—

(a) any action founded on contract wherein the

plaintiff claims a sum exceeding twenty pounds;

or

(b) any action founded on tort wherein the plaintiff

claims a sum exceeding ten pounds;

the defendant may give notice that he objects to the

action being tried in the court.

(2) Where such a notice is given, the judge shall

order that the action be transferred to the High Court, if—

(a) the defendant gives security approved by the

registrar for the amount claimed and the costs

of trial in the High Court, not exceeding in the

aggregate the sum of one hundred and fifty

pounds; and

(b) the judge certifies that in his opinion some

important question of law or fact is likely

to arise.

45. —(1) In any action commenced in the High Court

to which this section applies, any party may at any

time apply to the High Court or a judge thereof for an

order that the claim and counterclaim (if any) or, if the

only matter rema inin g to be tried is a counterclaim,

the counterclaim, shall be transferred—

(a) to any county court in which the action might

have been commenced if the subject matter

and the amount thereof had been within the

jurisdiction of the court; or

Part n.

— cont.

Jurisdiction

by agree-

ment in

actions

assigned to

King’s

Bench

Division.

Transfer of

actions of

contract or

tort from

county

court to

High Court.

Transfer of

actions of

contract or

tort from

High Court

to county

court.

520

Ch. 53.

County CourU

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(6) if the only matter remaining to be tried is a

counterclaim, to any county court in which the

counterclaim might have been commenced if it

had been an action and the subject matter

thereof had been within the jurisdiction of the court; or

(c) to any county court which the High Court or

judge may deem the most convenient to the

parties;

and the High Court or judge may thereupon, if the

Court or judge thinks fit, order that the claim or counterclaim or both (as the case may be) be so transferred

accordingly.

(2) This section applies to any action where—

(a) the plaintiff's claim is founded either on

contract or on tort and the amount claimed or

remaining in dispute in respect thereof does

not exceed one hundred pounds, whether the

action could or could not have been commenced in a county court, and whether the

defendant does or does not set up, or intend

to rely on, a counterclaim, and whether the

counterclaim (if any) is founded on contract

or on tort, and whether the amount claimed

on the counterclaim (if any) exceeds or does

not exceed one hundred pounds; or

(b) the only matter remaining to be tried between

the parties is a counterclaim founded either

on contract or on tort and the amount claimed

or remaining in dispute in respect of the

counterclaim does not exceed one hundred

pounds, whether the counterclaim, if it had

been an action, could or could not have been

commenced in a county court:

. Provided that this section shall not apply to any

action to which section fifty-four or section fifty-eight

of this Act applies.

Transfer 46.—(1) Where any action founded on tort is com-

C°urt*t lgl1 mence(l in the High Court, the defendant may, on an

county court affidavit made by himself or by any person on his behalf

of actions of showing that the plaintiff has no visible means of paying

Part II.

— cont.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

521

the costs of the defendant should a verdict not be found Part II.

for the plaintiff, apply to the High Court or a judge —cont.

thereof for an order to transfer the action to a county tort where

court. plaintiff

impecu-

(2) On any such application, the High Court or nious.

judge, unless the plaintiff satisfies the Court or judge

that he has such means as aforesaid, may, if the Court

or judge having regard to all the circumstances of the

case thinks fit so to do, make an order that, unless the

plaintiff within a time to be limited in the order gives

security for the defendant’s costs to the satisfaction of the Court or a judge, the action shall be transferred to

such county court, to be named in the order, as the Court

or judge may deem the most convenient to the parties.

47.—(1) Where an action is commenced in the

High Court which could have been commenced in a

county court, then, subject to the provisions of subsection (3) and subsection (4) of this section—-

(a) if the plaintiff recovers a sum less—

(i) in the case of an action founded on contract, than forty pounds; or

(ii) in the case of an action founded on tort,

than ten pounds;

Costs of

actions of

contract or

tort commenced in

High Court

which could

have been

commenced

in county

court.

he shall not be entitled to any costs of the action;

and

(b) if the plaintiff recovers—

(i) in the case of an action founded on contract, a sum of forty pounds or upwards but

less than one hundred pounds; or

(ii) in the case of an action founded on

tort, a sum of ten pounds or upwards but less

than fifty pounds;

he shall not be entitled to any more costs of the

action than those to which he would have been

entitled if the action had been brought in a

county court.

(2) Where a plaintiff is entitled to costs on a county

court scale only, the taxing master shall have the same

power of directing on what county court scale and under

what column in the scale costs are to be allowed, and of

522

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II. allowing any items of costs, as the judge would have had

— conL if the action had been brought in a county court.

(3) In any such action as aforesaid, whether founded

on contract or tort, the High Court or a judge thereof (or

where the matter is tried before a referee or officer of the Supreme Court, that referee or officer), if satisfied—

(a) that there was sufficient reason for bringing the

action in the High Court; or

(b) that the defendant or one of the defendants

objected to the transfer of the action to a county

court;

may make an order allowing the costs or any part of the

costs thereof on the High Court scale or on such one of the county court scales and under such one of the columns

in the scale as he may direct.

(4) If in any action the claim is for a debt or

liquidated demand only for a sum of twenty pounds or

upwards, and—

(a) the defendant pays the amount claimed or a sum

of not less than twenty pounds within the time

limited in that behalf by the endorsement made

on the writ in accordance with the rules of the

Supreme Court; or

(b) the plaintiff, within twenty-eight days after the

service of the writ, or within such further time

as may be allowed by the High Court or a judge

thereof, obtains judgment in default of appearance or of defence for a sum of twenty pounds

or upwards; or

(c) the plaintiff, within twenty-eight days after the

service of the writ, or within such further time as

may be allowed by the High Court or a judge

thereof, obtains, under any rule of the Supreme

Court providing for summary judgment without

trial, an order empowering him to sign judgment

for a sum of twenty pounds or upwards, either

unconditionally or unless that sum is paid into

court or to the plaintiff’s solicitor;

the plaintiff shall, unless otherwise ordered by the High

Court or a judge thereof, be entitled to costs on such scale

as may be prescribed by the rules of the Supreme Court.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

523

(5) This section applies only to the costs of the

proceedings in the High Court, and shall have effect

subject to the provisions of section fifty-nine of this Act.

(6) This section shall not apply in the case of any

proceedings by the Crown.

Recovery of Land and Cases where Title in Question.

48. —(1) A county court shall have jurisdiction to

hear and determine any action for the recovery of land

where neither the value of the land in question nor the

rent payable in respect thereof exceeds the sum of one

hundred pounds by the year.

(2) References in any enactment to section one

hundred and thirty-eight or one hundred and thirty-nine

of the County Courts Act, 1888, or to any provision which

was repealed by that Act and re-enacted in either of those

sections, shall be construed as a reference to this

section.

49. —(1) Where an action for the recovery of land is

commenced in a county court, the defendant or his landlord may, within such time as may be prescribed by

county court rules, apply to a judge of the High Court at

chambers for a summons to the plaintiff to show cause

why the action should not be transferred to the High

Court on the ground that the title to land of greater

annual value than one hundred pounds would be affected

by the decision in the action.

(2) On the hearing of any such summons, the judge

of the High Court, if satisfied that such a title as aforesaid would be so affected, may order that the action be

transferred to the High Court.

(3) Where, in an action for the recovery of land

commenced in a county court, no application is made

to the High Court in accordance with this section, or

where such an application is made but no order is made

for the transfer of the action, the county court shall

have jurisdicton to hear and determine the action

notwithstanding the provisions of this Act relating

to actions in which the title to hereditaments comes in

question.

Part II.

— cont.

Jurisdiction

in actions

for recovery

of land.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

Transfer of

actions for

recovery

of land

from county

court to

High Court.

524

Part II.

— cont.

Transfer of

actions for

recovery of

land from

High Court

to county

court.

Jurisdiction

where title

in question.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

50. —(1) In any action commenced in the High

Court to which this section applies, any party may at

any time apply to the High Court or a judge thereof for

an order that the action be transferred to any county

court—

(a) in which the action could have been commenced; or

(b) which the High Court or judge may deem the

most convenient to the parties:

and the High Court or judge may thereupon, if the

Court or judge thinks fit, order that the action be

transferred accordingly.

(2) This section applies to any action where—

(a) the plaintiff’s claim is for recovery of land, with

or without a claim for rent or mesne profits, by

a landlord against a tenant, or any person

holding or claiming by, through, or under a

tenant, whose term—

(i) has expired or has been duly determined

by notice to quit; or

(ii) has become liable to forfeiture for nonpayment of rent; and

(b) the action could have been commenced in a

county court.

51. A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear

and determine any action in which the title to any hereditament comes in question, being an action which would

otherwise be within the jurisdiction of the court —

(a) in the case of an easement or licence, if neither

the value nor the rent of the hereditament in

respect of which the easement or licence is

claimed, or on, through, over or under which

the easement or licence is claimed, exceeds the

sum of one hundred pounds by the year; or

(b) in any other case, if neither the value of the

hereditament in question nor the rent payable

in respect thereof exceeds the sum of one

hundred pounds by the year.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

525

Equity Proceedings. Part II.

52.—(1) A county court shall have all the jurisdie- ~ cont -

tion of the High Court to hear and determine any of the Eqiu y

following proceedings, that is to say— jurm 10 lou '

(a) proceedings for the administration of the estate

of a deceased person, where the estate does not

exceed in amount or value the sum of five

hundred pounds;

(b) proceedings for the execution of any trust or

for a declaration that a trust subsists, where the

estate or fund subject or alleged to be subject

to the trust does not exceed in amount or

value the sum of five hundred pounds;

(c) proceedings for foreclosure or redemption of any

mortgage or for enforcing any charge or Hen,

where the amount owdng in respect of the

mortgage, charge or lien does not exceed the

sum of five hundred pounds;

(d) proceedings for the specific performance, or for the

rectification, delivery up or cancellation, of any

agreement for the sale, purchase or lease of any

property, where, in the case of a sale or purchase, the purchase money, or, in the case of

a lease, the value of the property, does not

exceed the sum of five hundred pounds;

(e) proceedings relating to the maintenance or

advancement of an infant, where the property

of the infant does not exceed in amount or

value the sum of five hundred pounds;

(f) proceedings for the dissolution or winding up of

any partnership (whether or not the existence of the partnership is in dispute), where the whole

assets of the partnership do not exceed in amount

or value the sum of five hundred pounds;

(g) proceedings for relief against fraud or mistake,

where the damage sustained or the estate or

fund in respect of which relief is sought does not

exceed in amount or value the sum of five

hundred pounds.

(2) In all such proceedings as aforesaid the judge

shall, in addition to any other powers and authorities

possessed by him, have all the powers and authorities for

the purposes of this Act of a judge of the Chancery

Division of the High Court.

526

Part II.

— cont.

Jurisdiction

by agreement in

certain

equity proceedings.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 18.

Transfer of

equity proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court.

Districts for

admiralty

purposes.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the

foregoing provisions of this section, a county court

shall have jurisdiction (including power to receive

payment of money or securities into court) under the

enactments set out in the first column of the Second

Schedule to this Act in the cases respectively mentioned

in the second column of that Schedule.

53. —(1) If, as respects any proceedings to which

this section applies, the parties agree, by a memorandum

signed by them or by their respective solicitors or

agents, that a county court specified in the memorandum shall have jurisdiction in the proceedings, that

court shall, notwithstanding anything in any enactment,

have jurisdiction to hear and determine the proceedings

accordingly.

(2) This section applies to any proceedings in which

a county court would have jurisdiction by virtue of the

last foregoing section of this Act or subsection (3) of

section one hundred and thirteen of the Settled Land

Act, 1925, but for the limitation of the jurisdiction of the court provided in those enactments.

54. —(1) Where there is commenced in the High

Court any action or matter to which this section applies,

any party thereto may apply to the High Court or a

judge thereof for an order that the action or matter be

transferred to a county court, and thereupon the Court

or judge may, if it or he thinks fit, order that the action

or matter be transferred to any county court which the

Court or judge may deem the most convenient to the

parties.

(2) This section applies to any action or matter

which is assigned for the time being to the Chancery

Division of the High Court and is, by virtue of any

enactment for the time being in force, within the

jurisdiction of a county court.

Admiralty Proceedings.

55. —(1) If at any time it appears expedient to

the Lord Chancellor that any county court should have

admiralty jurisdiction, it shall be lawful for him by

order—

(a) to appoint that court to have, as from such date

as may be specified in the order, such admiralty

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

jurisdiction as is hereafter provided in this Act; and

(b) to assign to that court as its district for admiralty-

purposes any part or parts of any county court

district or of two or more county court districts:

Provided that no court except the Mayor’s and

City of London court shall have admiralty jurisdiction in

the City of London.

(2) Where a district has been so assigned to a court

as its district for admiralty purposes, the parts of the

sea (if any) adjacent to that district to a distance of

three miles from the shore thereof shall be deemed to be

included in that district, and the judge and all officers

of the court shall have jurisdiction and authority for

those purposes throughout that district as if it were the

district of the court for all purposes.

(3) Subject to any alterations made in pursuance

of this section, the county courts appointed under

the County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868, 31 & 32 Vict,

to have admiralty jurisdiction at the commencement o. 71.

of this Act shall continue to have such admiralty jurisdiction as is hereafter provided in this Act throughout

the districts respectively assigned to them for admiralty

purposes at the commencement of this Act.

(4) Any order made under this section may be varied

from time to time or revoked, as appears expedient, by a

subsequent order made thereunder.

(5) Where an order is made under this section for

the discontinuance of the admiralty jurisdiction of any

county court, whether wholly or within a part of the

district assigned to it for admiralty purposes, provision

may be made in the order with respect to any admiralty

proceedings commenced in that court before the order

comes into operation.

56.—(1) An admiralty county court shall, in relation Jurisdiction

to admiralty matters, have jurisdiction to hear and in admiralty

determine any of the following claims:— proceedings.

(a) any claim for damage received by a ship;

(b) any claim for damage done by a ship;

(c) any claim in the nature of salvage for services

rendered to a ship (including, subject to the

527

Part II.

■— cont.

528

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— writ.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 60.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 80.

provisions of sections five hundred and forty-

four and five hundred and forty-five of the

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, services rendered

in saving life from a ship) and any claim under

section eleven of the Air Navigation Act, 1920,

or any Order in Council made thereunder;

(i d)any claim in the nature of towage;

(e) any claim for necessaries supplied to a foreign

ship, and, unless it is shown to the court that

at the time of the institution of the proceedings

any owner or part owner of the ship was

domiciled in England, any claim for any necessaries supplied to a ship elsewhere than in the

port to which the ship belongs;

(f) subject to the provisions of sections one hundred

and sixty-five and one hundred and sixty-seven

of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, any claim

by a seaman of a ship for wages earned by him

on board the ship, whether due under a special

contract or otherwise, and any claim by the

master of a ship for wages earned by him on

board the ship and for disbursements made by

him on account of the ship;

(g) any claim—

(i) arising out of an agreement relating

to the use or hire of a ship; or

(ii) relating to the carriage of goods in a

ship; or

(iii) in tort in respect of goods carried in a

ship;

and the jurisdiction of the court to hear and determine

any claim mentioned in this subsection shall, save as

provided by paragraph (e) thereof, be exerciseable

wherever the owners or part owners of any ship or aircraft

in respect of which the claim is brought may be domiciled:

Provided that, subject to the provisions of this

section, no county court shall have jurisdiction to hear and

determine any claim mentioned in this subsection for an

amount exceeding three hundred pounds, except in the

case of a claim mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection where the value of the property saved does not

exceed one thousand pounds.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

529

(2) If, as respects any proceedings as to any such

claim as is herebefore in this section mentioned, the

parties agree, by a memorandum signed by them or by

their respective solicitors or agents, that an admiralty

county court specified in the memorandum shall have

jurisdiction in the proceedings, that court shall, notwithstanding anything in the proviso to the last foregoing

subsection, have jurisdiction to hear and determine the

proceedings accordingly.

(3) The provisions of this section which confer

admiralty jurisdiction in respect of claims for damage

shall be construed as extending to claims for loss of life

or personal injuries.

(4) The jurisdiction conferred by this section may be

exercised either in proceedings in rem or in proceedings

in personam.

(5) Nothing in this section, or in the last foregoing

section of this Act or any order made thereunder, shall

be taken to confer on a county court the jurisdiction of

a prize court within the meaning of the Naval Prize

Acts, 1864 to 1916.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the jurisdiction of any county court to hear and determine any proceedings in which it has jurisdiction by

virtue of sections forty or forty-two of this Act.

(7) In this section, unless the context otherwise

requires, the expression "ship " includes any description

of vessel whatsoever.

(8) Section five hundred and fifty-five of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall have effect as if there

were inserted after the word "agreement " the words

" or by a county court in England."

57.—(1) The High Court, on the application of any ’

party to admiralty proceedings pending in a county court,

may, if it thinks fit, after notice has been given to the

other party, order that the proceedings be transferred

to the High Court and order security for costs or

impose such other terms as the Court thinks fit.

(2) If, during the progress of any admiralty proceedings in a county court, it appears to the county

court that the proceedings could be more conveniently

LI

Part II.

— cont.

Transfer of

admiralty

proceedings

from county

court to

High Court.

530

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Pap.t ii. prosecuted in the High Court, the county court may order

— corn. that the proceedings be transferred to the High Court.

58.—(1) In any action commenced in the High

Court to which this section applies—

(a) any party may at any time apply to the High

Court or a judge thereof for an order that the

claim and counterclaim (if any) or, if the only

matter remaining to be tried is a counterclaim,

the counterclaim, shall be transferred to an

admiralty county court; and

(b) the High Court or judge may thereupon, if it or he

thinks fit, order that the claim and counterclaim

(if any) or, if the only matter remaining to be

tried is a counterclaim, the counterclaim, be

transferred to any admiralty county court

which the Court or judge may deem the most

convenient to the parties.

(2) This section applies to any action where the

plaintiff’s claim is any such claim as is mentioned in sub-

paragraph (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) or (xii) of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the

15 & 16 Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

Geo. 5. c.49. and the amount claimed or remaining in dispute in respect

thereof does not exceed the amount by which the jurisdiction of an admiralty county court in respect of the

claim is limited—

(a) whether the action could or could not have been

commenced in a county court; and

(b) whether the defendant does or does not set up or

intend to rely on a counterclaim; and

(c) whether the counterclaim (if any), if it had been

a claim in an action, would or would not have

been within the jurisdiction of a county court.

(3) Where an action is transferred to a county court

under this section, any vessel or other property, which

has been arrested in the action before the transfer, shall,

notwithstanding the transfer, remain in the custody of the Admiralty Marshal who shall, subject to any

directions of the High Court, comply with any orders

made by the county court with respect to that vessel or

property.

Transfer of

admiralty

proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

531

59. —(1) The following provisions of this section Part II.

shall have effect in relation to the exercise by the High — cont -

Court of the admiralty jurisdiction of that Court. Costs of

certain

(2) If in any claim for salvage services the plaintiff admiralty

does not recover more than three hundred pounds, he proceedings

shall not be entitled to recover any costs of the proceedings ?° z ^" cecl

unless it is certified by the Court or a judge that the case Court which

was a fit one to be tried otherwise than in a county court, could have

(3) If in any claim arising out of an agreement commenced

relating to the use or hire of a ship, or any claim relating i n county

to the carriage of goods in a ship, or any claim in tort in court,

respect of goods carried in a ship, the plaintiff recovers a

less amount than twenty pounds, he shall not be entitled

to any costs of the proceedings unless it is certified by the

Court or a judge that there was sufficient reason for

bringing the proceedings in the High Court.

(4) If in any such claim as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section the plaintiff recovers a less

amount than three hundred pounds, he shall not be

entitled to any more costs than those to which he would

have been entitled if the proceedings had been brought

in a county court, unless it is certified by the Court

or a judge that there was sufficient reason for bringing

the proceedings in the High Court.

Probate Proceedings.

60. —(I) Where, on an application made under Jurisdiction

section one hundred and fifty of the Supreme Court in probate

of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, through the Proceedings,

principal probate registry for the grant or revocation

of probate or administration, a registrar of that registry

is satisfied by affidavit—

(a) that the personal estate of the person in respect

of whose estate the application is made, exclusive of what he was possessed of or entitled

to as a trustee and not beneficially, but without

any deduction on account of his debts, was at

the time of his death under the value of two

hundred pounds; and

(b) that at that time he was not seised or entitled

beneficially of or to any real estate of the value

of three hundred pounds or upwards;

LI 2

532

Part n.

— cont.

Transfer of

probate proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court.

Effect of

order of

judge in

probate

proceedings.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

the judge of the county court having jurisdiction in the

place of abode of the deceased shall have the jurisdiction

of the High Court in respect of any contentious matter

arising in connection with the said grant or revocation.

(2) The statements in the affidavit aforesaid as to

the place of abode and state of the property of the

deceased shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be conclusive for the purpose of authorising the exercise of the

jurisdiction conferred on a judge of a county court by

the foregoing provisions of this section and the grant or

revocation of probate or administration in compliance

with the order of the judge:

Provided that, where it is shown to the judge of

a county court before whom any matter is pending

under this section that the place of abode or state of the

property of the deceased has not been correctly stated in

the affidavit, and, if correctly stated, would not have

authorised him to exercise jurisdiction in the matter, he

shall stay all further proceedings in the matter in

his court and make such order as to the costs of the

proceedings as he thinks just, and any party may apply

to the High Court for the grant or revocation in

question.

61. Where in any contentious matter arising out of

an application for the grant or revocation of probate or

administration made through the principal probate

registry, the High Court is satisfied that tfce state of the

property and the place of abode of the deceased were such

as to give jurisdiction in the matter to a county court,

the High Court may order that the matter be transferred

to that county court.

62. Where an order is made by a judge of a

county court for the grant or revocation of probate

or administration in pursuance of any jurisdiction

conferred upon him by the last two foregoing sections

of this Act—

(a) the registrar of the county court shall transmit

to the registrar of such district probate registry

as he thinks convenient a certificate under the

seal of the court certifying that the order has

been made; and

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

533

(b) on the application of a party in favour of whom

the order has been made, a probate or administration in compliance with the order shall be

issued from the district probate registry, or, as

the case may require, the probate or letters of

administration theretofore granted shall be

recalled or varied by the district probate

registrar according to the effect of the order.

Miscellaneous Provisions as to Jurisdiction.

63.—(1) Where, in any action or matter commenced

in a county court, any counterclaim or set off and

counterclaim of any defendant involves matter beyond

the jurisdiction of a county court, any party to the

action or matter may, within such time as may be

prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court, apply to the

High Court or a judge thereof for an order that the

whole proceedings, or the proceedings on the counterclaim or set off and counterclaim, be transferred to the

High Court.

(2) On any such application the High Court or

judge may, as it or he thinks fit, order either—

(a) that the whole proceedings be transferred to the

High Court; or

(b) that the whole proceedings be heard and determined in the county court; or

(c) that the proceedings on the counterclaim or set off

and counterclaim be transferred to the High

Court and that the proceedings on the plaintiff’s

claim and the defence thereto other than the

set off (if any) be heard and determined in the

county court:

Provided that, where an order is made under

paragraph (c) of this subsection, and judgment on the

claim is given for the plaintiff, execution thereon shall,

unless the High Court or a judge thereof at any time

otherwise orders, be stayed until the proceedings transferred to the High Court have been concluded.

(3) If no application is made under this section

within the time prescribed as aforesaid, or if on such an

application it is ordered that the whole proceedings be

heard and determined in the county court, the county

Part II.

— cont.

Jurisdiction

as to

counterclaims.

534

Part II.

— cont.

Procedure

where proceedings

beyond

jurisdiction

are commenced in

county

court.

Transfer of

proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court by

agreement.

Transfer of

interpleader

proceedings

from High

Court to

county

court.

Division of

causes of

action.

No action on

judgment of

other courts.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine the

whole proceedings, notwithstanding any enactment to

the contrary.

64. Where any proceedings are commenced in a

county court in which a county court has no jurisdiction,

the court shall, unless it is given jurisdiction by an

agreement made under the provisions of section forty-

three or section fifty-three or subsection (2) of section fifty-

six of this Act, order that the proceedings be transferred

to the High Court:

Provided that where, on the application of any

defendant, it appears to the court that the plaintiff or

one of the plaintiffs knew or ought to have known that

the court had no jurisdiction in the proceedings, the

court may, if it thinks fit, instead of ordering that the

proceedings be transferred as aforesaid, order that they

be struck out.

65. If, where proceedings have been commenced

in the High Court, an agreement is made under the

provisions of section forty-three or section fifty-three

or subsection (2) of section fifty-six of this Act, that

a county court shall have jurisdiction in those proceedings,

the High Court or a judge thereof shall, on the application

of any party to the proceedings, order that the proceedings

be transferred to that county court.

66. If it appears to the High Court or a judge thereof

that any proceedings in the High Court by way of interpleader, in which the amount or value of the matter in

dispute does not exceed the sum of five hundred pounds,

may be more conveniently heard and determined in a

county court, the High Court or judge may at any time

order that the proceedings be transferred to any county

court in which proceedings might have been brought by

any party to the interpleader against any other party

thereto if there had been a trust to be executed concerning

the matter in question.

67. It shall not be lawful for any plaintiff to divide

any cause of action for the purpose of bringing two or

more actions in one or more of the county courts.

68. No action shall be brought in a county court

on any judgment of the High Court or of any other

court in England.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

535

69. Where any action is brought in any court other Part II.

than the High Court which could have been brought in a cmt;

county court, and judgment is recovered for a sum less commenced in

than ten pounds, the plaintiff shall not recover any more than High Court

costs of the action than those to which he would have been commenced

been entitled if the action had been brought in a county 111 counky court '

court.

Exercise of Jurisdiction and Ancillary Jurisdiction.

70. Any jurisdiction and powers conferred on any Persons

county court by this or any other Act may be exercised who may

by any judge of the court or by any deputy of any ? xer lse , .

such judge or, to the extent authorised by this or any of'cmirt* 011

other Act or by county court rules, by any registrar of the

court or any person authorised as aforesaid to discharge

the functions of the registrar of the court.

71. Every county court, as regards any cause of General

action for the time being within its jurisdiction, shall in ancillary

any proceedings before it— jurisdiction.

(a) grant such relief, redress or remedy or combination of remedies, either absolute or conditional;

and

(b) give such and the like effect to every ground

of defence or counterclaim equitable or legal

(subject to the provisions of section sixty-three

of this Act);

as ought to be granted or given in the like case by the

High Court and in as full and ample a manner.

72. A judge shall, whether within a district for Ancillary

which he is judge or not, have jurisdiction in any powers of

proceedings pending in any of the courts of which he is i ud S e -

judge to make any order or to exercise on an ex-parte

application any authority or jurisdiction which, if it

related to an action or proceeding pending in the High

Court, might be made or exercised by a judge of the

High Court in chambers.

536

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part n.

— cont.

Costa in

cases transferred from

one court to

another.

Procedure

on transfer

of cases

from High

Court.

General Provisions as to Transfer of Actions.

73. Where an action, counterclaim or matter is

ordered to be transferred—

(a) from the High Court to a county court; or

(b) from a county'court to the High Court; or

(c) from one county court to another county court;

the costs of the whole proceedings both before and after

the transfer shall, subject to any order made by the court

which ordered the transfer, be in the discretion of the

court to which the proceedings are transferred, and that

court shall have power to make orders with respect

thereto and as to the scales or columns on or under

which the costs of the several parts of the proceedings

are to be taxed, and the costs of the whole proceedings

shall be taxed in that court:

Provided that, as regards so much of the proceedings

in any action transferred from the High Court to a

county court as take place in the High Court before the

transfer—

(i) the costs thereof shall be subject to the provisions of section forty-seven of this Act; and

(ii) the powers of the High Court or judge thereof

under subsection (3) of that section to make an

order allowing costs on the High Court scale, or

on or under any county court scale or column,

shall, subject to any order of the High Court or

the judge by whom the transfer was ordered, be

exerciseable by the judge of the county court.

74—(1) Where an action, counter-claim or matter

is ordered to be transferred from the High Court to a

county court—

(a) any party may lodge with the registrar of the

county court named in the order, or cause to

be lodged with him, the order and the writ,

or copies thereof, and such other documents

(if any) as the High Court or a judge thereof

may direct; and

(b) the proper officer of the Supreme Court shall, on

the application of that party and on production

of the order and the filing of a copy thereof,

send by post to the registrar of the county

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

537

court all pleadings, affidavits and other docu- Part II.

ments filed, in the High Court relating to the —enaction, counter-claim or matter.

(2) On the documents aforesaid being so lodged or

sent, the action and counter-claim (if any) or the counterclaim or matter shall he transferred to the said county

court, and subject to county court rules all further

proceedings therein shall be taken and tried as if the

action, counter-claim or matter had been originally commenced in that county court, and the county court shall

have jurisdiction to deal therewith, notwithstanding any

enactment to the contrary:

Provided that the transfer shall not affect any

right of appeal in the High Court or to the Court of

Appeal from the order directing the transfer, or the right

to enforce in the High Court any judgment signed, or

order made, in that Court before the transfer.

Part III.

Procedure.

Parties.

75.—(1) Subject to the provisions of any enactment Proceedings

limiting the jurisdiction of a county court, whether by by the

reference to the subject matter of the proceedings to be Crown -

brought or the amount sought to be recovered in the proceedings or otherwise, proceedings by the Crown may he

instituted in a county court, and accordingly the power

of the Attorney General, and any power conferred by any

enactment upon a Government department or upon an

officer of the Crown as such, to institute proceedings

by the Crown shall include power to institute such

proceedings in a county court.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, all rules of law

and enactments regulating the removal or transfer of

proceedings from a county court to the High Court and

the transfer of proceedings in the High Court to a county

court shall apply respectively to the removal or transfer

of proceedings by the Crown in a county court and to

the transfer of proceedings by the Crown in the High

Court instituted by writ of summons:

Provided that an order for the transfer to a county

court of any proceedings by the Crown in the High

Court shall not be made without the consent of the Crown.

(3) Nothing in this section shall apply to proceedings affecting His Majesty in His private capacity.

538

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part III.

— cont.

Executors

and administrators.

Infants.

Persons

jointly

liable.

Bankruptcy

of plaintiff.

Arrest in

admiralty

proceedings.

76. Any executor or administrator may sue and

be sued in a county court in like manner as if he were a

party in his own right, and judgment and execution

shall be such as in the like case would be given or issued

in the High Court.

77. Any person under the age of twenty-one years

may prosecute any action in a county court for any

sum of money not exceeding one hundred pounds which

may be due to him for wages or piece work, or for

work as a servant, in the same manner as if he were of

full age.

78. —(1) Where a plaintiff has a demand recoverable

under this Act against two or more persons jointly

liable, it shall be sufficient to serve any of those

persons with process, and judgment may be obtained and

execution issued against any person so served, notwithstanding that others jointly liable may not have been

served or sued or may not be within the jurisdiction of the

court.

(2) Where judgment is obtained against any person

as aforesaid and is satisfied by that person, he shall

be entitled to recover in the court contribution from any

other person jointly liable with him.

79. —(1) The bankruptcy of the plaintiff in any

action in a county court which the trustee might maintain

for the benefit of the creditors shall not cause the action

to abate if, within such reasonable time as the court

orders, the trustee elects to continue the action and

to give security for the costs thereof.

(2) The hearing of the action may be adjourned until

such an election is made.

(3) Where the trustee does not elect to continue

the action and to give such security as aforesaid within

the time limited by the order, the defendant may avail

himself of the bankruptcy as a defence to the action.

Arrest in Admiralty Proceedings.

80.—(1) If, in any admiralty proceedings in a county

court, evidence is given to the satisfaction of the judge,

or, in his absence, the registrar, that it is probable that the

vessel, aircraft or property to which the proceedings relate

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

will be removed out of the jurisdiction of the court before

the plaintiffs claim is satisfied, the judge or registrar,

as the case may be, may issue a warrant for the arrest

and detention of the vessel, aircraft or property, unless

or until bail to the amount of the claim made in the

proceedings and the reasonable costs of the plaintiff in the

proceedings be entered into and perfected according to

county court rules by or on behalf of the defendant.

(2) Except as in this section expressly provided,

and notwithstanding anything in section seventy-one of this Act, no vessel, aircraft or property shall be arrested

or detained in admiralty proceedings in a county court

otherwise than in execution.

Witnesses and Evidence.

81. —(1) Any person summoned in pursuance of

county court rules as a witness in a county court who—

(a) refuses or neglects, without sufficient cause, to

appear or to produce any documents required

by the summons to be produced; or

(b) refuses to be sworn or give evidence;

shall forfeit such fine not exceeding ten pounds as the

judge may direct:

Provided that no person so summoned shall forfeit

a fine as aforesaid unless there has been paid or tendered

to him at the time of the service of the summons such

sum in respect of his expenses (including in such cases

as may be prescribed compensation for loss of time) as

may be prescribed for the purposes of this section.

(2) Any person present in court who is required to

give evidence but refuses to be sworn or give evidence

shall forfeit such a fine as aforesaid.

(3) The judge may at his discretion direct that the

whole or any part of any such fine, after deducting the

costs, shall be applicable towards indemnifying the party

injured by the refusal or neglect.

82. —(1) The High Court shall, on application made

in manner prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court,

have the same power to issue a commission, request or

order to examine witnesses abroad for the purpose of

proceedings in a county court as it has for the purpose

of an action or matter in the High Court.

539

Part III.

— cont.

Penalty for

neglecting

witness

summons.

Examination of

witnesses

abroad.

540

Part III.

— cont.

Evidence of

prisoners.

Persons who

may take

affidavits

for use in

county

court.

Evidence in

admiralty

proceedings.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) Where such an application is made, the High

Court may, if it thinks fit, order that the proceedings be

transferred to the High Court.

83. —(1) In any proceedings pending before a

county court, the judge may, if he thinks fit, upon

application on affidavit by any party, issue an order

under his hand for bringing up before the court any

person (hereafter in this section referred to as a

" prisoner ") confined in any place under any sentence

or under commitment for trial or otherwise, to be

examined as a witness in the proceedings:

Provided that no such order shall be made with

respect to a person confined under process in any civil

action or matter.

(2) The prisoner mentioned in any such order shall

be brought before the court under the same custody,

and shall be dealt with in the same manner in all respects,

as a prisoner required by a writ of habeas corpus to

be brought before the High Court and examined therein

as a witness:

Provided that the person having the custody of the

prisoner shall not be bound to obey the order unless

there is tendered to him a reasonable sum for the conveyance and maintenance of a proper officer or officers

and of the prisoner in going to, remaining at, and returning from the court.

84. —(1) An affidavit to be used in a county court

may be sworn before—

(a) the judge or registrar of any court; or

(b) any justice of the peace; or

(c) an officer of any court appointed by the judge of

that court for the purpose;

as well as before any person authorised to take affidavits

under the Commissioners for Oaths Acts, 1889 to 1891.

(2) An affidavit sworn before a judge or registrar

or before any such officer as aforesaid, may be sworn

without the payment of any fee.

85. —(1) In any admiralty proceedings, evidence

taken before a registrar of an admiralty county court, in

accordance with the directions of a judge or pursuant

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

541

to county court rules, shall be received as evidence in any Part III.

other admiralty county court, saving all just exceptions. —cont.

(2) The registrar of any admiralty county court

shall, for the purpose of the examination of any witness

within the district assigned to that court for admiralty

purposes, have all the power of an examiner of the High

Court, and evidence taken by him in that capacity shall

be received as evidence.in the High Court, saving all just

exceptions.

Right of Audience and Mode of Trial.

86. In any proceedings in a county court any of Right of the following persons may address the court, namely— Audience.

(a) any party to the proceedings;

(b) a barrister retained by or on behalf of any party;

(c) a solicitor acting generally in the proceedings

for a party thereto, but not a solicitor retained

as an advocate by a solicitor so acting;

(d) any other person allowed by leave of the court

to appear instead of any party:

Provided that—

(i) the right of a solicitor to address the court

shall not be excluded by reason only that he

is in the permanent and exclusive employment

of any other solicitor; and

(ii) a court may refuse to hear a person claiming

to address the court as a solicitor, unless that

person has signed and delivered to the court

a statement of his name and place of business

and the name of the firm (if any) of which he

is a member.

87. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Trial by

judge of a county court shall be the sole judge in all judge or

proceedings brought in the court, and shall determine registrar,

all questions of fact as well as of law:

Provided that, subject to county court rules, the

registrar may, on the application of the parties and by

leave of the judge, hear and determine any proceedings

in which the sum claimed or the amount involved does

not exceed ten pounds.

542

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part III. 88. — (1) In any proceedings the judge may, if he

—cont. thinks fit on the application of any party, summon to

Assessors, his assistance, in such manner as may be prescribed, one

or more persons of skill and experience in the matter to

which the proceedings relate who may be willing to sit

with the judge and act as assessors.

(2) The remuneration of assessors for sitting as

aforesaid shall be at such rate ’as may be prescribed,

and shall be costs in the proceedings unless otherwise

ordered by the judge.

(3) Where any person is proposed to be summoned

as an assessor, objection to him, either personally or in

respect of his qualification, may be taken by any party

in the prescribed manner.

89.—(1) The judge may, with the consent of the

parties to any proceedings, order the proceedings to be

referred to arbitration (whether with or without other

matters within the jurisdiction of the court in dispute

between the parties) to such person or persons and in

such manner and on such terms as he thinks just and

reasonable.

(2) No such reference shall be revocable by any

party except with the consent of the judge.

(3) On any such reference the award of the arbitrator,

arbitrators or umpire shall be entered as the judgment in

the proceedings and shall be as binding and effectual to

all intents as if given by the judge:

Provided that the judge may, if he thinks fit, on

application made to him at the first court held after

the expiration of one week after the entry of the award,

set aside the award, or may, with the consent of the

parties, revoke the reference or order another reference

to be made in the manner aforesaid.

(4) In this section the expression "award" includes

an interim award.

Power of 90.—(1) Subject to county court rules, the judge

judge to may refer to the registrar or a referee for inquiry and

refer^to report—

referee^ 01 (a) any proceedings which require any prolonged

examination of documents or any scientific or

local investigation which cannot, in the opinion

of the judge, conveniently be made before him;

Power of

judge to

refer to

arbitration.

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

(b) any proceedings where the question in dispute

consists wholly or in part of matters of account;

(c) with the consent of the parties, any other proceedings;

(d) subject to any right to have particular cases

tried with a jury, any question arising in any

proceedings.

(2) Where any proceedings or question are referred

as aforesaid, the judge may direct how the reference

shall be conducted, and may remit any report for

further inquiry and report, and on consideration of

any report or further report may give such judgment

or make such order in the proceedings as may be just.

(3) The judge may, after deciding or reserving any

question of liability, refer to the registrar any mere

matter of account which is in dispute between the parties,

and after deciding the question of liability, may give

judgment on the registrar’s report.

Juries .

91.—(1) In the following proceedings in a county

court the trial shall be without a jury, namely—

(a) admiralty proceedings;

(b) proceedings arising under the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1933;

(c) appeals under section twenty-two of the Housing

Act, 1930.

(2) In all other proceedings in a county court the

trial shall be without a jury unless the court otherwise

orders on an application made in that behalf by any

party to the proceedings in such manner and within such

time before the trial as may be prescribed.

(3) In a case where the court is satisfied on any such

application—

(a) that a charge of fraud against the party making

the application is in issue; or

(b) that a claim in respect of libel, slander, malicious

prosecution, false imprisonment, seduction or

breach of promise of marriage is in issue;

the court shall order the proceedings to be tried with a

jury, unless the court is of opinion that the trial requires

543

Part III.

— ccmt.

Trial by

jury.

20 & 21

Geo. 5. c.39.

544

Part in.

— cant.

Summoning

of jurors.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 11.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

any prolonged examination of documents or accounts or

any scientific or local investigation which cannot conveniently be made with a jury.

(4) In any other case the court on any such application may, as it thinks fit, either order the proceedings

to be tried with a jury or dismiss the application.

92.—(1) On the first occasion in any year on which

an order is made by a county court for the trial of any

proceedings with a jury, the registrar of that court shall

obtain copies of the last published registers of electors

for all such registration units as are comprised in whole

or in part within the district of the court.

(2) For the purpose of complying with the order

aforesaid, and with any other order made by the court

during the same year for the trial of proceedings with a

jury, the registrar shall cause the prescribed number of

persons, being persons who are shown by the registers

aforesaid to be residing or occupying property within

the district of the court and who are marked in those

registers as jurors or special jurors in pursuance of

section one of the Juries Act, 1922, to be summoned to

attend on the jury at the time and place specified in the

summons:

Provided that no person shall be summoned to attend

on a jury in the same county court more than twice in

the same year.

(3) A summons issued in pursuance of this section

may be served either by post or in such other manner as

may be prescribed.

(4) If any person duly summoned to attend on a

jury in a county court fails to attend at the time and

place mentioned in the summons, he shall forfeit such

sum not exceeding five pounds as the court may direct:

Provided that any person summoned as aforesaid to

attend on a jury shall be excused from attending on that

jury if he satisfies the court in the prescribed maimer—

(a) that he has within the six months next before

the service of the summons attended on a jury

in some other court; or

l) that there is any other good reason why he

should be excused from attending on the jury.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

545

93. —(1) At any county court where proceedings

are to be tried with a jury, eight jurymen shall be

impanelled and sworn as occasion requires to give their

verdicts in the proceedings brought before them, and

being once sworn need not be re-sworn in each trial.

(2) Any party to any such proceedings shall be

entitled to challenge all or any of the jurors in like

manner as he would be entitled in the High Court.

(3) A jury shall be required to give an unanimous

verdict.

(4) The amount to be paid to the registrar in

pursuance of county court rules for payment of a jury

shall be eight shillings.

94. Where, for the purpose of disposing of any

proceedings which are being tried in a county court by

the judge with a jury, it is necessary to ascertain the

law of any other country which is applicable to the facts

of the case, any question as to the effect of the evidence

given with respect to that law shall, instead of being

submitted to the jury, be decided by the judge alone.

Judgments and Orders.

95. Every judgment and order of a county court

shall, except as provided by this or any other Act or

county court rules, be final and conclusive between the

parties.

96. —(1) Where a judgment is given or an order is

made by a county court under which a sum of money of

any amount is payable, whether by way of satisfaction of the claim or counterclaim in the proceedings or by way of

costs or otherwise, the court may, as it thinks fit, order

the money to be paid either—

(a) in one sum, whether forthwith or within such

period as the court may fix; or

(b) by such instalments payable at such times as the

court may fix.

(2) If at any time it appears to the satisfaction of the judge that any party to any proceedings is unable

from any cause to pay any sum recovered against him

(whether by way of satisfaction of the claim or counterclaim in the proceedings or by way of costs or otherwise)

or any instalment thereof, the judge may, in his discretion,

suspend or stay any judgment or order given or made in

M m

Part Hi.

— cont.

Impanelling,

swearing,

verdict and

remuneration of jury.

Duty of

judge to

determine

foreign law

in jury

trials.

Finality of

judgments

and orders.

Payment of

judgments

and orders.

546

Part III.

— cent.

Set-off in

cases of

cross judgments in

county

courts and

High Court,

Register of

judgments

and orders.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

the proceedings for such time and on such terms as the

judge thinks fit, and so from time to time until it appears

that the cause of inability has ceased.

(3) All moneys payable under a judgment or order

shall he paid into court:

Provided that where no order is made as to payment

by instalments, the money shall, if the court so directs,

be paid by one party to the other party or his solicitor,

subject to the lien, if any, of that solicitor.

97. —(1) Where one person has obtained a judgment

or order in a county court against another person, and

that other person has obtained a judgment or order

against the first-mentioned person in the same or in

another county court or in the High Court, either such

, person may, in accordance with rules of court, give

notice in writing to the court or the several courts as the

case may be, and may apply to the court or any of the

said courts in accordance with rules of court for leave to

set off any sums, including costs, payable under the

several judgments or orders.

(2) Upon any such application, the set-off may be

allowed in accordance with the practice for the time being

in force in the High Court as to the allowance of set-off

and in particular in relation to any solicitor’s hen for costs.

(3) Where the cross judgments or orders have not

been obtained in the same court, a copy of the order

made on any such application shall be sent by the proper

officer of the court to which the application is made to

the proper officer of the other court.

98. —(1) A register of—

(a) every judgment (other than a judgment in

admiralty proceedings) entered in a county

court for the sum of ten pounds and

upwards; and

(b) every such other judgment or order (including

a judgment or order in admiralty proceedings)

as may be prescribed;

shall be kept in such manner and in such place as may be

prescribed.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may make regulations as to

the keeping of the said register, and in this section the

expression " prescribed" means prescribed by those

regulations.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

547

(3) The power of the Lord Chancellor to make the Part III.

said regulations shall include power to make provision — cont.

by the regulations—

(a) for exempting from registration any judgment

or order which is proved, in such manner and

within such time as may be prescribed, to have

been satisfied or complied with either wholly

or to such an extent that the sum (if any) owing

in respect thereof is less than ten pounds; and

(b) for cancelling the registration of any judgment or

order which is proved in manner aforesaid to

have been wholly satisfied or complied with.

(4) There shall be charged to persons desirous of

inspecting the said register such fees for the inspection

thereof as may be fixed by the Lord Chancellor with

the concurrence of the Treasury.

(5) The proceeds of the said fees shall be applied

in such manner as the Treasury may direct in paying

the expenses incurred in maintaining the register, and

the surplus thereof, after providing for the payment of

those expenses, shall be paid to the credit of the

Consolidated Fund.

General Rules of Procedure.

99.—(1) The rule committee hereinafter mentioned County

may make county court rules regulating the practice of court rules,

the courts and forms of proceedings therein and prescribing scales of costs to be paid to counsel and solicitors.

(2) The power of making county court rules shall

extend to all matters of procedure or practice, or jnatters

relating to or concerning the effect or operation in law of

any procedure or practice, in any case within the cognizance of county courts as to which rules of the Supreme

Court have been or might lawfully be made for cases

within the cognizance of the High Court.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, the power of making

county court rules shall extend to—

(a) prescribing the court in which proceedings are to

be commenced and the procedure to be adopted

where proceedings are commenced in one court

which should under the rules have been commenced in another court;

Mm2

548

Part III

— cont.

24 & 25

Geo. 5. c. 17.

Application

of practice

of High

Court.

Ch, 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(b) prescribing the circumstances in which proceedings may be transferred from one court to

another and the procedure consequent on any

such transfer;

(c) regulating or providing for any matters which

were regulated or provided for by the county

court rules in force on the seventeenth day of

May, nineteen hundred and thirty-four;

(d) regulating or providing for any other matter

which was regulated or provided for, before

the date on which the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into operation, by the

enactments set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(4) The rules made under paragraphs (a) and (b) of the last foregoing subsection may make different provision

as respects different kinds of proceedings and may make

special provision as respects proceedings in courts for

districts in or adjacent to the County of London and as

respects proceedings by or against judges and officers of the courts.

(5) The rule committee shall consist of five judges

of county courts appointed by the Lord Chancellor and

three other persons so appointed, one of whom shall be a

barrister, one a registrar and the other a solicitor.

(6) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time fill

up any vacancies among the members of the rule

committee.

(7) Any rules made by the rule committee shall be

certified under the hands of the members of the committee,

•or any fhree or more of them, and submitted to the Lord

Chancellor, who may allow or disallow or alter them.

(8) Any rules so made, as allowed or altered by the

Lord Chancellor, shall (subject to the concurrence of the

authority for the time being empowered to make rules of

court under the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, as provided in section two hundred and

six of that Act) come into force on such day as the Lord

Chancellor may direct.

100. In any case not expressly provided for by

or in pursuance of this Act, the general principles of

practice in the High Court may be adopted and applied

to proceedings in a county court.

1934. County Courts Ch. 53. 54Q

Act, 1934.

Part IV.

Replevin.

101. —(1) The sheriff shall have no power or respon- Replevins

sibility with respect to replevin bonds or replevins, to be

but the registrar for the district in which any goods £ ran ted by

subject to replevin are taken shall have power, oifsecurity

subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, to being gi ven

approve of replevin bonds and to grant replevins and

to issue all necessary process in relation thereto, and

any such process shall be executed by a bailiff of the

court.

(2) The registrar shall, at the instance of the party

whose goods have been seized, cause the goods to be

replevied to that party on his giving such security as is

provided in this Part of this Act.

102. —(1) It shall be a condition of any security Amount and

given under the last foregoing section of this Act that the conditions

replevisor will— of security.

(a) commence an action of replevin against tho

seizor in the High Court within one week from

the date when the security is given; or

(b) commence such an action in a county court

within one month from the said date.

(2) In either case—

(a) the replevisor shall give security, to be approved

by the registrar having power in the matter,

for such an amount as the registrar thinks

sufficient to cover both the probable costs of the action and either—

(i) the alleged rent or damage in respect

of which the distress has been made; or

(ii) in a case where the goods replevied

have been seized otherwise than under

colour of distress, the value of the goods;

and

(b) it shall be a further condition of the security

that the replevisor will—

(i) prosecute the action with effect and

without delay and;

(ii) make a return of the goods, if the

return thereof is ordered in the action.

550

Part IV.

— cont.

Removal of

action of

replevin to

High Court

at instance

of defendant.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(3) In a case where the action is to be brought in the

High Court, it shall be a further condition of the security

that the replevisor will, unless he obtains judgment by

default, prove to that court that he had good ground for

believing either—

(a) that the title to some hereditament, the rent or

value whereof exceeded twenty pounds by the

year, or to some toll, market, fair or franchise

was in question; or

(b) that the alleged rent or damage in respect of

which the distress was made, or the value of the

goods seized, exceeded twenty pounds.

103.—(1) Any action of replevin brought in a

county court shall be removed into the High Corut by

writ of certiorari if the defendant makes an application

in that behalf to the High Court or a judge thereof and

gives security approved by a master of the Supreme

Court for such amount, not exceeding one hundred and

fifty pounds, as the master thinks fit.

(2) It shall be a condition of any security given

under this section that the defendant will defend the

action with effect, and will, unless the action is discontinued or dismissed for want of prosecution, prove before

the High Court that the defendant had good ground for

believing either—

(a) that the title to some hereditament, the rent or

value whereof exceeded twenty pounds by the

year, or to some toll, market, fair or franchise

was in question; or

(b) that the alleged rent or damage in respect of

which the distress was made, or the value of the goods seized, exceeded twenty pounds.

(3) Where an action is removed to the High Court

under this section, the provisions of section seventy-three

of this Act shall apply as if the action had been

transferred.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

551

Part V.

Appeals, Certiorari, Prohibition and Mandamus.

General .

104. Subject to the provisions of any other Act

relating to county courts, no judgment or order of any

judge of county courts, nor any proceedings brought

before him or pending in his court, shall be removed by

appeal, motion, certiorari or otherwise into any other

court whatever, except in the manner and according to

the provisions in this Act mentioned.

Appeals.

105. If any party to any proceedings in a county

court is dis-satisfied with the determination or direction

of the judge in point of law or equity or upon the

admission or rejection of any evidence, the party aggrieved

by the judgment, direction, decision or order of the

judge may appeal therefrom to the Court of Appeal in

such manner and subject to such conditions as may be

for the time being provided by the rules of the Supreme

Court:

Provided that, without the leave of the judge, there

shall be no appeal—

(a) in any action founded on contract or on tort

(other than an action for the recovery of land

or an action in which the title to any hereditament has come in question) where the debt or

damage claimed does not exceed twenty pounds;

nor

(b) in any action of replevin where the amount of

rent, or the damage or value of the goods seized,

does not exceed twenty pounds; nor

(c) in proceedings in interpleader where the money

claimed, or the value of the goods or chattels

claimed or the proceeds thereof, does not exceed

twenty pounds.

106. —(1) If any party to any admiralty proceedings

in a county court is dis-satisfied with a determination of the judge on a question of fact, the party aggrieved by

the judgment or order of the judge may appeal therefrom

to the Court of Appeal:

Removal of

actions from

county

court prohibited

except as

provided in

Act.

General

provisions

as to

appeals.

Appeals in

admiralty

Proceedings.

552

Part V.

— cont.

Agreement

not to

appeal.

Judge’s note

on appeal.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Provided that, without the leave of the judge,

there shall be no appeal under this subsection unless

the amount claimed in the proceedings exceeds one

hundred pounds.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this

section shall be taken to affect the right of any party

to admiralty proceedings in a county court to appeal to

the Court of Appeal under the last foregoing section of this Act, and any such jarty may appeal under that

section in like manner and subject to the like conditions

as a party to an action founded on contract or tort.

(3) On an appeal by a party to any admiralty proceedings, the Court of Appeal, if it appears to it expedient

that any sale ordered to be made of the vessel, aircraft or

property to which the proceedings relate should be

conducted in the High Court instead of in the county

court, may direct the transfer of the proceedings for

sale, with or without the transfer of the subsequent

proceedings, to the High Court.

(4) Where, on an appeal by a party to any admiralty

proceedings which have been heard in a county court with

the assistance of assessors, any party makes application

to the Court of Appeal in that behalf, the Court shall

summon Trinity masters to assist on the hearing of the

appeal if the Court is of opinion that such assistance is

necessary or desirable.

107. —(1) No appeal shall lie from any judgment,

direction, decision or order of a judge of county courts if,

before the judgment, direction, decision or order is given

or made, the parties agree, in writing signed by themselves

or their solicitors or agents, that it shall be final.

(2) No such agreement shall require a stamp.

108. —(1) At the hearing of any proceedings in a

county court in which there is a right of appeal, the judge

shall, at the request of any party, make a note—

(a) of any question of law or equity raised at the

hearing; and

(b) of the facts in evidence in relation thereto; and

(c) of his decision thereon and of his determination

of the proceedings.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

553

(2) Where such a note has been taken, the judge Part V.

shall (whether notice of appeal has been served or not), — conL

on the application of any party to the proceedings, and

on payment by that party of such fee as may be prescribed

by the fees orders, furnish him with a copy of the note,

and shall sign the copy, and the copy so signed shall be

used at the hearing of the appeal.

109. On the hearing of an appeal, the Court of Powers of

Appeal may draw any inference of fact and either— Appeal o

(a) order a new trial on such terms as the court appeal from

thinks just; or county

(b) order judgment to be entered for any party; or

(c) make a final or other order on such terms as the

court thinks proper to ensure the determination

on the merits of the real questions in controversy

between the parties.

110. No appeal shall lie from the decision of the # Decision of

Court of Appeal on any appeal from a county court on a Court of j

point of law arising in any probate proceedings. probate 011

appeals to

Certiorari, Prohibition and Mandamus.

be final.

111. —(1) The High Court or a judge thereof may Certiorari,

order the removal into the High Court, by writ of

certiorari or otherwise, of any proceedings commenced

in a county court, if the High Court or judge thereof

thinks it desirable that the proceedings should be heard

and determined in the High Court.

(2) Where any proceedings are removed into the

High Court under this section, the provisions of section

seventy-three of this Act shall apply as if the action

had been transferred.

(3) Any such removal shall be upon such terms as

to payment of costs, giving security or otherwise as the

High Court or a judge thereof thinks fit to impose.

112. — (1) Where an application is made to the Prohibition.

High Court or a judge thereof for a writ of prohibition

addressed to any county court, the matter shall be

finally disposed of by order, and no pleadings or further

proceedings in prohibition shall be allowed.

554

Part Y.

— amt.

Stay of

proceedings

in case of

certiorari

or prohibition.

Order in

lieu of

mandamus.

Refusal of

writ to be

final.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) Upon any such application, the judge of the

county court shall not be served with notice thereof,

and shall not, except by the order of a judge of the

High Court—

(a) be required to appear or be heard thereon; or

(b) be liable to any order for the payment of the

costs thereof;

but the application shall be proceeded with and heard

in the same manner in all respects as an appeal duly

brought from a decision of the judge, and notice of the

application shall be given to or served upon the same

parties as in the case of an order made or refused by a

judge in a matter within his jurisdiction.

113. —(1) The grant by the High Court or a judge

thereof of an order or summons to show cause why a

writ of certiorari or prohibition should not issue to a

county court shall, if the High Court or judge thereof so

directs, operate as a stay of the proceedings in question

•until the determination of the order or summons, or until

the High Court or judge thereof otherwise orders.

(2) While any proceedings are stayed as aforesaid,

the judge of the county court shall from time to time

adjourn the hearing thereof to such day as he thinks fit.

114. —(1) No writ of mandamus shall issue to a

judge or officer of a county court for refusing to do any

act relating to the duties of his office.

(2) Any party requiring such an act to be done

may apply to the High Court upon affidavit for an

order or summons calling upon the judge or officer,

and also the party to be affected by the act, to show

cause why the act should not be done.

(3) If after the service of such an order or summons

good cause is not shown, the High Court may by order

direct the act to be done and the judge or officer of the

county court, upon being served with the order, shall

obey it on pain of attachment.

115. Where the High Court or a judge thereof has

refused to grant a writ of certiorari or prohibition to a

county court, or an order under the last foregoing section

of this Act, no other court or judge shall grant the writ

or order:

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

Provided that nothing in this section shall—

(a) affect any right of appeal from the decision of the High Court or a judge thereof to the

Court of Appeal, or any right of appeal from

the decision of a judge of the High Court

to the High Court; or

(b) prevent a second application being made for

the writ or order on grounds different from

those on which the first application -was

founded.

Part VI.

Execution and Committals.

Warrants of Execution.

116. —(1) Any sum of money payable under a

judgment or order of a county court may be recovered,

in case of default or failure of payment thereof forthwith or at the time or times and in the manner thereby

directed, by execution against the goods and chattels

of the party against whom the judgment or order was

obtained.

(2) The registrar, on the application of the party

prosecuting any such judgment or order, shall issue a

warrant of execution in the nature of a writ of fieri facias

whereby the registrar shall be empowered to levy or

cause to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and

chattels, wherever they may be found within the district

of the court (whether within or without a franchise as

defined in section thirty-four of the Sheriffs Act, 1887),

the money payable under the judgment or order and

the costs of the execution.

(3) The precise time of the making of an application

to the registrar to issue such a warrant shall be entered

by him in the book prescribed for the purpose under

section twenty-three of this Act, and on the warrant, and

when more than one such warrant is issued they shall

be executed in the order of the times so entered.

(4) It shall be the duty of every constable within

his jurisdiction to assist in the execution of every such

warrant.

117. —(1) Where the court has made an order for

payment of any sum of money by instalments, execution

on the order shall not be issued until after the default in

payment of some instalment according to the order.

555

Part V.

— cont.

Execution

of judgments or

orders for

sum of

money.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 55.

Execution

of orders for

payment by

instalments.

556

Part VI.

— cont.

Execution

to be

superseded

on payment.

Power to

suspend

execution.

Execution

of warrants

of possession.

Goods which

may be

seized.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) On any such default, execution or successive

executions may issue for the whole of the said sum of

money and costs then remaining unpaid, or for such

part thereof as the court may order, either at the time of

making the original order or at any subsequent time.

118. —(1) In or upon every warrant of execution

issued from a county court against the goods or chattels

of any person, the registrar shall cause to be inserted or

endorsed the sum of money and costs adjudged, and

the fees for the execution of the warrant.

(2) If the person against whom the execution is

issued, before the actual sale of the goods and chattels,

pays or causes to be paid or tendered to the registrar of the court from which the warrant issued, or to the bailiff

holding the warrant, the sum of money and costs inserted

or endorsed as aforesaid, or such part thereof as the

person entitled thereto agrees to accept in full satisfaction, together with the fees inserted or endorsed as

aforesaid, the execution shall be superseded, and the

goods and chattels of the first-mentioned person shall

be discharged and set at liberty.

119. If at any time it appears to the satisfaction

of the judge that any party to any proceedings is unable

from any cause to pay any sum recovered against him

(whether by way of satisfaction of the claim or counterclaim in the proceedings or by way of costs or otherwise),

or any instalment thereof, the judge may, in his discretion,

stay any execution issued in the proceedings for such

time and on such terms as the judge thinks fit, and so

from time to time until it appears that the cause of

inability has ceased.

120. For the purpose of executing a warrant to

give possession of any premises, it shall not be necessary

to remove any goods or chattels from those premises.

Seizure of Goods, &c., and Custody thereof.

121. Every bailiff or officer executing any warrant

of execution issued from a county court against the

goods or chattels of any person may by virtue thereof

seize—

(a) any of the goods and chattels of that person,

except the wearing apparel and bedding of

that person or his family, and the tools and

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

implements of his trade, to the value of five

pounds, which shall to that extent be protected

from seizure; and

(b) any money, bank notes, bills of exchange, promissory notes, bonds, specialties or securities

for money belonging to that person.

122. Goods seized in execution under process of

a county court shall, until the sale thereof—

(a) be deposited by the bailiff in some fit place; or

(b) remain in the custody of a fit person

approved by the registrar to be put in

possession by the bailiff; or

(c) be safeguarded in such other manner as the

registrar directs.

123. The registrar shall hold any bills of exchange,

promissory notes, bonds, specialties or other securities

for money seized in execution under process of a county

court as security for the amount directed to be levied

by the execution, or for so much thereof as has not been

otherwise levied or raised, for the benefit of the plaintiff,

and the plaintiff may sue in the name of the defendant,

or in the name of any person in whose name the defendant

might have sued, for the recovery of the sum secured

or made payable thereby, when the time of payment

thereof arrives.

124. If any person rescues or attempts to rescue

any goods seized in execution under process of a comity

court, he shall be liable, either on an order made by the

judge in that behalf or on summary conviction, to a fine

not exceeding five pounds, and any bailiff of the court

may take him into custody, with or without warrant,

and bring him before the judge.

Sale of goods seized.

125. No goods seized in execution under process of

a county court shall be sold for the purpose of satisfying

the warrant of execution until the expiration of a period

of at least five days next following the day on which the

goods have been so seized unless—

(a) the goods are of a perishable nature; or

(b) the person whose goods have been seized so

requests in writing.

557

Part VI.

— cont.

Custody

of goods

seized.

Disposal of

bills of exchange, &c.

seized.

Penalty for

rescuing

goods seized.

Period to

elapse

before sale.

558

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part VI.

— cant.

Goods not to

be sold except

by brokers or

appraisers.

Appointment of

brokers,

appraisers,

&c.

Power to

authorise

bailiffs to

act as

brokers and

appraisers.

Sales under

executions

to be public

unless

otherwise

ordered.

126. No goods seized in execution under process

of a county court shall be sold for the purpose of satisfying the warrant of execution except by one of the

brokers or appraisers appointed under this Part of this Act.

127. —(1) The registrar may from time to time as

he thinks fit appoint such number of persons for keeping

possession, and such number of sworn brokers and

appraisers for the purpose of selling or valuing any goods,

chattels or effects seized in execution under process of the court, as appears to him to be necessary.

(2) The registrar may direct security to be taken

from any broker, appraiser or other person so appointed

for such sum and in such maimer as he thinks fit for

the faithful performance of his duties without injury or

oppression.

(3) The judge or registrar may dismiss any broker,

appraiser or other person so appointed.

(4) There shall be payable to brokers and appraisers

so appointed in respect of their duties, out of the produce

of goods distrained or sold, such fees as may be prescribed by the fees orders.

128. —(1) The judge may appoint in writing any

bailiff of the court to act as a broker or appraiser for the

purpose of selling or valuing any goods, chattels or effects

seized in execution under process of the court.

(2) A bailiff so appointed may, without other

licence in that behalf, perform all the duties which sworn

brokers or appraisers may perform under this Act.

129. —(1) Where any goods are to be sold under

an execution for a sum exceeding twenty pounds

(including legal incidental expenses), the sale shall,

unless the court from which the warrant of execution

issued otherwise orders, be made by public auction

and not by bill of sale or private contract, and shall be

publicly advertised by the registrar on, and during three

days next preceding, the day of sale.

(2) Where any goods are seized in execution and the

registrar has notice of another execution or other executions, the court shall not consider an application for leave

* 1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

to sell privately until the prescribed notice has been

given to the other execution creditor or creditors, who

may appear before the court and be heard on the

application.

130. Where any goods in the possession of an

execution debtor at the time of seizure by a registrar

or other officer charged with the enforcement of a

warrant or other process of execution issued from a

county court are sold by that registrar or other officer

without any claim having been made to them—

(a) the purchaser of the goods so sold shall acquire

a good title to those goods; and

(b) no person shall be entitled to recover against

the registrar or other officer, or anyone lawfully

acting under his authority, for any sale of the

goods, or for paying over the proceeds thereof

prior to the receipt of a claim to the said goods,

unless it is proved that the person from whom

recovery is sought had notice, or might by

making reasonable inquiry have ascertained,

that the goods were not the property of the

execution debtor:

Provided that—

(i) nothing in this section shall affect the right of

any claimant, who may prove that at the

time of sale he had a title to any goods so

seized and sold, to any remedy to which he

may be entitled against any person other

than the registrar or other officer; and

(ii) the provisions of this section shall have effect

subject to the provisions of sections forty

and forty-one of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914,

and sections two hundred and sixty-eight

and two hundred and sixty-nine of the

Companies Act, 1929.

Claims in respect of Goods seized.

131. —(1) When a writ against the goods of any

person has issued from the High Court and a warrant

against the goods of the same person has issued from a

county court, the right to the goods seized shall be

determined by the priority of the time of the delivery

559

Part VI.

— amt.

Protection

of registrar

selling

goods under

execution

without

notice of

claim by

third party.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 59.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c.23.

Priority of

High Court

and county

court

executions.

560

Part VI.

— cont.

Sale of

goods where

claim made

thereto.

Interpleader by

registrar.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5. •

Act, 1934.

of the writ to the sheriff to be executed, or of the application to the registrar for the issue of the warrant to be

executed.

(2) A sheriff shall on demand inform a registrar of

a county court, by writing signed by any clerk in the

office of the under-sheriff, of the precise time of the

delivery of any such writ to him, and a bailiff of a

county court shall on demand show his warrant to any

sheriff’s officer.

(3) Any writing purporting to be signed as aforesaid

and the endorsement on any such warrant shall respectively be sufficient justification to any registrar or sheriff

acting thereon.

132. —(1) Where a claim is made to or in respect

of any goods seized in execution under process of a

county court, the claimant may—

(a) deposit with the bailiff either—

(i) the amount of the value of the goods

claimed; or

(ii) the sum which the bailiff is allowed to

charge as costs for keeping possession of the

goods until the decision of the judge can be

obtained on the claim; or

(b) give the bailiff in the prescribed manner security

for the value of the goods claimed.

(2) For the purpose of this section, the amount of the value of the goods claimed shall, in case of dispute,

be fixed by appraisement, and where that amount is

deposited as aforesaid it shall be paid by the bailiff into

court to abide the decision of the judge upon the claim.

(3) In default of the claimant complying with the

foregoing provisions of this section, the bailiff shall sell

the goods as if no such claim had been made, and shall

pay into court the proceeds of the sale to abide- the

decision of the judge.

133. —(1) If a claim is made to or in respect of

any goods or chattels seized in execution under process

of a county court, or in respect of the proceeds or value

thereof, the registrar may, as well before as after any

action brought against him, issue a summons calling

before the court the party at whose instance the process

issued and the party making the claim.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

561

(2) Upon the issue of the summons, any action

brought in any county court or other court in respect

of the claim or of any damage arising out of the

execution of the warrant shall be stayed.

(3) On the hearing of the summons, the judge shall

adjudicate upon the claim, and shall also adjudicate

between the parties or either of them and the registrar

upon any claim to damages arising or capable of arising

out of the execution of the warrant by the registrar,

and shall make such order in respect of any such claim

and the costs of the proceedings as he thinks fit.

134.—(1) Section one of the Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1709, shall not apply to goods seized in execution

under process of a county court, but the following provisions of this section shall apply in substitution therefor.

(2) The landlord of any tenement in which any

goods are seized as aforesaid may claim the rent of the

tenement in arrear at the date of the seizure, at any time

within the five days next following that date, or before

the removal of the goods, by delivering to the bailiff or

officer making the levy a claim in writing, signed by

himself or his agent, stating—

(a) the amount of rent claimed to be in arrear; and

(b) the period in respect of which the rent is due.

(3) Where such a claim is made, the bailiff or officer

making the levy shall in addition thereto distrain for

the rent so claimed and the cost of the distress, and

shall not, within five days next after the distress, sell

any part of the goods seized, unless—

(a) the goods are of a perishable nature; or

(b) the person whose goods have been seized so

requests in writing.

(4) The bailiff shall afterwards sell under the

execution and distress such of the goods as will satisfy—

(a) first, the costs of and incidental to the sale;

(b) next, the claim of the landlord not exceeding—

(i) in a case where the tenement is let by the

week, four weeks’ rent;

N n

Part VI.

— cont.

Claims for

rent where

goods seized

inexecution.

8 Anne

c. 18.

562

Part VI.

— cont.

Execution

out of jurisdiction of

court.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(ii) in a case where the tenement is let for any

other term less than a year, the rent of

two terms of payment;

(iii) in any other case, one year’s rent; and

(c) lastly, the amount for which the warrant of

execution issued.

(5) If any replevin is made of the goods seized,

the bailiff shall nevertheless sell such portion thereof as

will satisfy the costs of and incidental to the sale under

the execution and the amount for which the warrant

of execution issued.

(6) In any event the surplus of the sale, if any,

and the residue of the goods shall he returned to the

execution debtor.

(7) The fees of the registrar and broker for keeping

possession, appraisement and sale under any such distress

shall be the same as would have been payable if the

distress had been an execution of the court, and no

other fees shall be demanded or taken in respect

thereof.

(8) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions

of section thirty-five of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, except

that the reference therein to section one hundred and

sixty of the County Courts Act, 1888, shall be construed

as a reference to this section.

Transfer of Proceedings for Execution.

135.—(1) Where a warrant of execution has been

issued from a county court (hereafter in this section

referred to as a " home court ") against the goods and

chattels of any person and the goods and chattels are

out of the jurisdiction of that court, the registrar

of that court may send the warrant of execution to the

registrar of any other county court within the jurisdiction

of which the goods and chattels are or are believed to

be, with a warrant thereon endorsed or thereto annexed

requiring execution of the original warrant.

(2) On the receipt of the warrant, the registrar of the other county court shall act in all respects as if the

original warrant of execution had been issued by the

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

court of which he is registrar and shall within the

prescribed time—

(a) report to the registrar of the home court what

he has done in the execution of the warrant;

and

(b) pay over all moneys received in pursuance of the

warrant.

(3) Where a warrant of execution is sent by the

registrar of a home court to the registrar of another

court foi* execution under the provisions of this

section, the judge of that other court shall have the

same power as the judge of the home court of staying

the execution under section one hundred and nineteen

of this Act as respects any goods or chattels within

the jurisdiction of that other court.

136. —(1) A judge of the High Court, if satisfied

that a person, against whom judgment for an amount

exceeding twenty pounds has been obtained (whether by

way of satisfaction of a claim or counterclaim or by way

of costs or otherwise) in a county court, has no goods or

chattels which can be conveniently seized to satisfy the

judgment, may, if he thinks fit, and on such terms as to

costs as he may direct, order a writ of certiorari to issue

to remove the judgment into the High Court.

(2) When a judgment is so removed, it shall have the

same force and effect and the same proceedings may be

had thereon as if it were a judgment of the High Court:

Provided that no action shall be brought upon the

judgment.

(3) This section applies to orders obtained in a

county court as it applies to judgments so obtained.

137. Where a vessel, aircraft or property would

or might be sold under an execution to enforce a

judgment or order given or made by a county court in

admiralty proceedings, and the owner of the vessel,

aircraft or property desires that the sale should be

conducted in the High Court instead of in the

county court, he shall be entitled, on giving security

for costs, and subject to such other provisions as

may be prescribed, to obtain an order of the county

court for transfer of the proceedings for sale, with

or without (as the judge of the county court thinks

563

Part VI.

— cont.

Removal of

judgment to

High Court

for purpose

of execution.

Transfer of

execution

in admiralty

proceedings.

564

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part VI.

— cont.

Transfer

from High

Court of

applications

to attach

debts or

levy execution against

member of

firm.

Power to

commit for

contempt.

fit) the transfer of any subsequent proceedings, to the

High Court.

138.—(1) Where an application is made to the

High Court—

(a) for the attachment of a debt not exceeding

one hundred pounds to answer a judgment

or order; or

(b) for leave to issue execution for a debt not

exceeding one hundred pounds against a person

as being a member of a firm against which a

judgment or order has been obtained;

the High Court or a judge thereof may make an order

either—

(1) transferring the matter to; or

(ii) directing that any issue necessary for determining

the matter shall be tried in;

such county corut to be named in the order as the court

or judge may deem the most convenient to the parties.

(2) Where, under the foregoing provisions of this

section, an order is made directing an issue to be tried

in a county court, the order shall define the issue to be

tried, and any party may lodge or cause to be lodged

the order, together with the affidavits (if any) filed in

matter, and such other documents (if any) as the High

Court or judge may direct, with the registrar of the

county court named in the order.

(3) On the documents aforesaid being so lodged

the issue shall, subject to county court rules, be tried

in the county court, so named, and the judge of that

county court, after the issue has been so tried, shall

certify the result of the trial and send his certificate

to the High Court, together with the documents aforesaid

and any report which he may think fit to make as to

costs or otherwise.

Committals.

139. H any person—

(a) wilfully insults the judge of a county court,

or any juror or witness, or any officer of the

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

court during his sitting or attendance in court,

or in going to or returning from the court; or

(6) wilfully interrupts the proceedings of a county

court or otherwise misbehaves in court;

any officer of the court, with or without the assistance

of any other person, may, by order of the judge, take the

offender into custody and detain him until the rising of the court, and the judge may, if he thinks fit—

(1) by a warrant under his hand commit the offender

for any period not exceeding seven days to any

prison to which he has power to commit; or

(ii) impose upon the offender a fine not exceeding

five pounds for every offence.

140. —(1) Whenever any order or warrant for the

committal of any person to prison is made or issued by

a county court (whether in pursuance of this or any other

Act or of county court rules), the order or warrant shall

be directed to the registrar of the court, who shall thereby

be empowered to take the body of the person against

whom the order is made or warrant issued.

(2) It shall be the duty of every constable within

his jurisdiction to assist in the execution of every such

order or warrant.

(3) The governor of the prison mentioned in any

such order or warrant shall be bound to receive and

keep the person therein mentioned until he is lawfully

discharged.

141. Any person committed to prison by the

judge of any county court, in pursuance of this or any

other Act or of county court rules, shall be committed

to such prison as may from time to time be directed in

the case of that court by order of the Secretary of State.

142. If at any time it appears to the satisfaction

of a judge of a county court that any debtor arrested

or confined in prison by order of the court is unable

from any cause to pay any sum recovered against him

(whether by way of satisfaction of a claim or counterclaim

or by way of costs or otherwise), or any instalment thereof,

and ought to be discharged, the judge may order his

discharge upon such terms (including liability to re-arrest

if the terms are not complied with) as the judge thinks

fit.

565

Part VI.

— cont.

Issue and

execution of

orders of

committal.

Prisons to

which committals may

be made.

Power of

judge to

order discharge.

566

Part VI.

— cont.

Execution

of committal

orders out

of jurisdiction of

court.

32 & 33

Vict. c. 62.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

143.—(1) Where any order or warrant for the

committal of any person to prison has been made or

issued (whether in pursuance of this or any other Act

or of county court rules) by a county court (hereafter

in this section referred to as a " home court ") and

that person is out of the jurisdiction of that court, the

registrar may send the order or warrant to the registrar

of any other county court within the jurisdiction of which

that person is or is believed to be, with a warrant thereon

endorsed or thereto annexed requiring execution of the

original order or warrant.

(2) On receipt of the warrant, the registrar of the

other county court shall act in all respects as if the

original order or warrant had been issued by the court of

which he is registrar and shall within the prescribed time—

(a) report to the registrar of the home court what

he has done in the execution of the order or

warrant; and

(b) pay over all moneys received in pursuance of the order or warrant.

(3) Where a person is apprehended under the order

or warrant, he shall be forthwith conveyed, in custody of the officer apprehending him, to the prison of the court

within the jurisdiction of which he was apprehended and

kept therein—

(a) in a case where he is apprehended under a

warrant of attachment, until further order of the home court; and

(b) in a case where he is apprehended under any

other order or warrant, until the expiration of the period mentioned in the order or warrant,

unless sooner discharged by law.

(4) It shall be the duty of every constable within

his jurisdiction to assist in the execution of any such

order or warrant.

(5) Where an order of commitment under the

Debtors Act, 1869, is sent by the registrar of a

home court to the registrar of another court for

execution under the provisions of this section, the

judge of that other court shall have the same power as

the judge of the home court of ordering the discharge

of the debtor under the last foregoing section of this Act.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

567

Responsibility and Protection of Officers. Part VI.

144 . Every registrar shall be responsible for the ~ cow< ‘

acts and defaults of himself and of the bailiffs appointed Registrar to

to assist him in like manner as the sheriff of any

county in England is responsible for the acts and bility&s

defaults of himself and his officers. sheriff.

145 . —(1)Where a bailiff of a county court, being Liability

employed to levy any execution against goods and of bailiff

chattels, loses the opportunity of levying the execution

by reason of neglect, connivance or omission, any party execution,

aggrieved thereby may complain to the judge of that

court.

(2) On any such complaint the judge, if the neglect,

connivance or omission is proved to his satisfaction, shall

order the bailiff to pay such damages as it appears that

the complainant has sustained by reason thereof, not

exceeding in any case the sum for which the execution

issued.

146 . No officer of a county court in executing any irregularity

warrant of a court, and no person at whose instance any in executing

such warrant is executed, shall be deemed a trespasser warrants,

by reason of any irregularity or informality—

(a) in any proceeding on the validity of which the

warrant depends; or

(b) in the form of the warrant or in the mode of

executing it;

but any person aggrieved may bring an action for any

special damage sustained by him by reason of the

irregularity or informality against the person guilty

thereof:

Provided that no costs shall be recovered in such an

action unless the damages awarded exceed forty shillings.

147 . —(1)No action shall be commenced against Actions

any bailiff for anything done in obedience to a warrant against

issued by the registrar, unless— acting

(a) a demand for inspection of the warrant and for a under

copy thereof is made or left at the office of the warrants,

bailiff by the party intending to bring the action,

or his solicitor or agent, in writing signed by the

person making the demand; and

(b) the bailiff refuses or neglects to comply with the

demand within six days after it is made.

568

Part VI.

— cont.

Warrants

evidence of

authority.

Power to

make administration

order when

debts less

than £50.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(2) If an action is commenced against a bailiff in a

case where such a demand has been made and not complied with, judgment shall be given for the bailiff if the

warrant is produced or proved at the trial, notwithstanding any defect of jurisdiction or other irregularity

in the warrant: but the registrar who issued the warrant

may be joined as a defendant in the action, and if the

registrar is so joined and judgment is given against him,

the costs to be recovered by the plaintiff against the

registrar shall include such costs as the plaintiff is

liable to pay to the bailiff.

(3) In this section (except in paragraph (a) of

subsection (1) thereof) the expression "bailiff " includes

any person acting by the order and in aid of a bailiff.

148. In any action commenced against a person

for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the production

of the warrant of the court shall be deemed sufficient

proof of the authority of the court previous to the issue

of the warrant.

Part VII.

Administration Orders.

149.—(1) Where a debtor—

(a) is unable to pay forthwith the amount of a

judgment obtained against him in a county

court; and

(b) alleges that his whole indebtedness amounts

to a sum not exceeding fifty pounds, inclusive

of the debt for which the judgment was

obtained;

that court may make an order (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as an "administration order")

providing for the administration of his estate.

(2) Where, in the opinion of the court in which the

judgment was obtained, it would be inconvenient that

that court should administer the estate, it shall cause

a certificate of the judgment to be forwarded to the county

court for the district in which the debtor resides or the

majority of the creditors reside, and thereupon the

latter county court shall have all the powers which it

would have under this Part of this Act, had the judgment

been obtained in it.

(3) An administration order shall not be invalid by

reason only that the total amount of the debts is found

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

at any time to exceed fifty pounds, but in that case the

court may, if it thinks fit, set aside the order.

(4) An administration order may provide for the

payment of the debts of the debtor by instalments or

otherwise, and either in full or to such extent as to the

court under the circumstances of the case appears

practicable, and subject to any conditions as to his

future earnings or income which the court may think just.

(5) An administration order shall be carried into

effect in such manner as may be prescribed by general

rules made under this Part of this Act.

150 . Where an administration order has been

made the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) Notice of the order shall be sent to the registrar

of county court judgments, and be posted in

the office of the county court for the district in

which the debtor resides, and sent to every

creditor notified by the debtor, or who has

proved:

(b) Any creditor of the debtor, on proof of his

debt before the registrar, shall be entitled to be

scheduled as a creditor of the debtor for the

amount of his proof:

(c) Any creditor may, in the manner prescribed by

general rules made under this Part of this Act, object to any debt scheduled, or to the

manner in which payment is directed to be

made by instalments:

(d) Any person who, after the date of the order,

becomes a creditor of the debtor shall, on proof

of his debt before the registrar, be scheduled

as a creditor of the debtor for the amount of

his proof, but shall not be entitled to any

dividend under the order until the creditors who

are scheduled as having been creditors before

the date of the order have been paid to the

extent provided by the order.

151 . — (1)Subject to the provisions of the two

sections next following, when an administration order is

made, no creditor shall have any remedy against the

person or property of the debtor in respect of any debt

which the debtor has notified to a county court or which

has been scheduled to the order, except with the leave of

that county court, and on such terms as that court may

impose.

569

Part VII.

Notice of

order and

proof of

debts.

Effect of

administration order.

570

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cord.

Execution

by registrar.

Right of

landlord to

distrain

notwithstanding

order.

Appropriation of

money paid

under order.

Default in

payment of

instalments.

(2) Any county court or other inferior court in which

proceedings are pending against the debtor in respect

of any debt so notified or scheduled shall, on receiving

notice of the administration order, stay the proceedings,

but may allow costs already incurred by the creditor, and

such costs may, on application, be added to the debt.

152. Where it appears to the registrar of the county

court at any time while an administration order is in

force that property of the debtor exceeds in value ten

pounds, he shall, at the request of any creditor, and

without fee, issue execution against the debtor’s goods:

Provided that the household goods, wearing apparel,

and bedding of the debtor or his family, and the tools

and implements of his trade to the value in the aggregate

of twenty pounds, shall to that extent be protected from

seizure.

153 . A landlord or other person to whom any rent

is due from a debtor in respect of whom an administration order is made, may at any time, either before or

after the date of the order, distrain upon the goods or

effects of the debtor for the rent due to him from the

debtor, with this limitation, that if the distress for

rent is levied after the date of the order, it shall

be available only for six months’ rent accrued due

prior to the date of the order and shall not be available

for rent payable in respect of any period subsequent to

the date when the distress was levied, but the landlord

or other person to whom the rent may be due from the

debtor may prove under the order for the surplus due for

which the distress may not have been available.

154 . Money paid into court under an administration order shall be appropriated—

(a) first in satisfaction of the costs of the plaintiff in

the action in respect of which the order was

made;

(b) next in satisfaction of the costs of administration

(which shall not exceed two shillings in the

pound on the total amount of the debts); and

(c) then in liquidation of debts in accordance with

the order.

155. If the debtor makes default in payment of

any instalment payable in pursuance of an administration order, he shall, unless the contrary is proved, be

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

571

deemed to have had since the date of the order the Part VII.

means to pay the sum in respect of which he has made —cont.

default and to have refused or neglected to pay that sum.

156 . When the amount received under an admin- Discharge of

istration order is sufficient to pay each creditor scheduled order.

to the order to the extent thereby provided, and the

costs of the plaintiff in the action in respect of which

the order was made and the costs of the administration,

the order shall he superseded, and the debtor shall be

discharged from his debts to the scheduled creditors.

157 . — (1)The Lord Chancellor may from time to Rules for

time, with the concurrence of the President of the Board purposes of

of Trade, make general rules for carrying into effect the Part VI1 -

objects of this Part of this Act:

Provided that the said rules shall not extend the

jurisdiction of the court.

(2) All rules made under this section shall be laid

before Parliament within three weeks after they are

made, if Parliament is then sitting, or, if Parliament is

not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning

of the then next session of Parliament, and shall have

effect as if enacted by this Act.

Part VIII.

Funds in Court.

158 . The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence Rules as to

of the Treasury, may make rules regulating the deposit, funds in

payment, delivery and transfer in, into and out of a count y

county court of money and securities which belong to courts -

suitors, or are otherwise capable of being deposited in

or paid or transferred into a county court or are under

the custody of a county court, and regulating the evidence

of such deposit, payment, delivery or transfer, and the

manner in which money and securities in court are to be

dealt with, and in particular—

(a) regulating the placing of money in court (with

such exceptions as may be prescribed) to

deposit accounts or investment accounts and

prescribing the rate of interest on money placed

to such accounts, so however that the rate

of interest on money placed to a deposit

account shall be equal to the rate of interest

for the time being payable on deposits in the

Post Office Savings Bank;

572

Cir. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part VIII.

— cont.

(b) requiring registrars to pay from time to time to

the Accountant-General all money in court which

is not required by them for meeting current

demands, and requiring the Accountant-General

to pay to the Commissioners all money received

by him under the rules which is not required by

him for meeting current demands;

(c) requiring the annual publication of lists of

accounts which have not been dealt with for

such period as may be prescribed (not being

less than fifteen years in the case of deposit

and investment accounts or five years in the

case of other accounts), and requiring the closing

of any account included in any such list if the

money standing to the credit of the account

is not claimed within such period after the

publication of the list as may be prescribed;

(d) regulating the investment of money paid to the

Commissioners under the rules and (subject to

the provisions of this Part of this Act) prescribing

the manner in which the interest received by the

Commissioners on money so invested is to be

dealt with;

(e) regulating the payment or crediting of interest

on money placed to deposit accounts and

investment accounts respectively;

(f) prescribing the smallest amount which is to be

placed to an investment account (unless ordered

by the court to be invested notwithstanding

the smallness of the amount), the smallest

amount which is to be placed to or remain in a

deposit account and the smallest amount of

money placed to a deposit account on which

interest is to be credited;

(g) prescribing the time at which money in court is

to be placed to a deposit account or investment

account, and at which interest on money placed

to any such account is to begin and cease, and

the mode of computing any such interest;

(4) prescribing the circumstances in which interest on

money placed to a deposit account or investment

account, or interest on any securities in court, is

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

to be placed to a deposit account or an investment account;

(i) prescribing the manner in which money is to be

furnished to registrars by the Accountant-

General, and to the Accountant-General by the

Commissioners, for the purpose of enabling

registrars and the Accountant-General to comply

with orders of court as to the payment of money

out of court;

(j) prescribing the accounts to be kept by registrars

for the purposes of the rules;

(k) providing for the vesting of money and securities

in court in the holders of such offices as may be

prescribed and their successors in office without

any conveyance, assignment or transfer;

(l) providing for the discharge of the functions of the Accountant-General under the rules by

deputy;

(m) prescribing the manner in which money or

securities in court before the rules come into

operation are to be dealt with, and providing

for the transition to the provisions of the rules

from the provisions of the following enactments,

that is to say, sections seventy-one and one

hundred and seventy-three of the County Courts

Act, 1888, the County Courts (Investment) Act,

1900, paragraphs 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Second

Schedule to the Workmen’s Compensation Act,

1925, and subsections (3) and (5) of section two

hundred and five of the Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925;

(n) providing for such matters as are incidental to

or consequential on the foregoing provisions of this section or are necessary for giving effect

to those provisions.

159 . The County Court Funds Rules shall not apply

to the Mayor’s and City of London Court, but the Lord

Chancellor may make separate rules for that court

regulating or making provision for any matter which may

be regulated, or for which provision may be made, by the

County Court Funds Rules, with the substitution of the

Chamberlain of the City of London for the Accountant-

General and the Commissioners.

573

Part VIII.

— cont.

63 & 64 Vict,

c. 47.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 84.

Rules as to

funds in

Mayor’s and

City of

London

Court.

574

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part VIII.

— cont.

Rules to be

laid before

Parliament.

Liability of

Consolidated Fund

for funds in

court.

160 . Any rules made under this Part of this Act shall

be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may

be after they are made and shall cease to have effect

if either House, within the next subsequent twenty-

eight days on which that House has sat after the date on

which the rules are laid before it, resolves that the rules

shall be annulled, but without prejudice to anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of new

rules.

161 . —(1) If the Lord Chancellor, whether on a

representation made to him by any person interested or

not, certifies that the Accountant-General—

(a) has failed to pay any money received by him

under the County Court Funds Rules, or to

transfer or deliver any securities vested in him

under those rules whether solely or jointly

with any other person, being money or securities

required by any order of a comity court to be

paid, transferred or delivered by him; or

(b) has been guilty of any default with respect to

any such money or securities;

the Treasury shall cause to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such

sum as may be certified by the Lord Chancellor to

be necessary for the purpose of paying the money so

required to be paid, or of replacing the securities so

required to be transferred or delivered, or of making

good such default.

(2) If at any time the money in the hands of the

Commissioners under the County Court Funds Rules is

insufficient to pay any amount payable by them in

pursuance of those rules, the Treasury shall either direct

the Commissioners to realise a sufficient portion of the

securities purchased by them under the rules and to

apply the proceeds of such realisation in paying the

amount so payable by them, or cause the required sum

to be issued to the Commissioners out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(3) If in any year the aggregate sum received by the

Commissioners by way of interest on the money invested

by them under the County Court Funds Rules exceeds

the aggregate amount of the interest due to be paid or

credited in respect of that year on money placed to deposit

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

575

and investment accounts, the surplus, or such part thereof

as the Treasury may direct, shall either be paid into the

Exchequer or be applied as an appropriation in aid of the

moneys provided by Parliament for the salaries and

expenses connected with the county courts, and if in any

year the said sum is less than the said amount, the deficiency shall, if not otherwise provided for, be made good

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof.

162. All moneys standing to the credit of accounts

which are closed in pursuance of the County Court

Funds Rules shall be paid to the Commissioners and

applied by them in redemption of debt:

Provided that where, after any account has been

closed as aforesaid, any person proves to the satisfaction

of the court on behalf of which the account was kept

that, if the account had not been closed, he would have

been entitled to the money standing to the credit of the

account or any part thereof, the court shall make an order

for the payment to that person of the money to which he

would have been entitled, together (if the court so directs)

with all or any part of the interest on that money which

would have been credited to the account if the account

had not been closed, and the amount required to comply

with the order of the court shall, if not otherwise provided

for, be paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing

produce thereof to the Accountant-General.

163. The Accountant-General and the Commissioners shall keep such accounts of their transactions

under the County Court Funds Rules as the Treasury

may direct, and those accounts shall be examined from

time to time by the Comptroller and Auditor General,

and copies of the accounts certified by the Comptroller

and Auditor General, together with his report thereon,

shall be laid by the Lord Chancellor before both Houses

of Parliament.

164. —(1) Where in any cause or matter in the

King’s Bench Division of the High Court, or in an

admiralty action in the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty

Division of that Court, money is in any manner

recovered by or on behalf of, or adjudged or ordered to

be paid to or for the benefit of, a person who is an infant or

of unsound mind, the High Court or a judge thereof may

Part VIII.

— cont.

Provision

as to

closed

accounts.

Accounts to

be kept for

purpose of

County

Court Funds

Rules.

Transfer to

county

court of

money recovered

in High

Court by

infants, &c.

576

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part VIII.

— amt.

Amendment

of certain

enactments.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 19.

Interpretation of

Part VIII

order the money or any part thereof to be paid into or

transferred to the county court of the district in which

that person resides or such other county court as the

High Court or judge may order.

(2) On the making of any such order, the money or

the part thereof to which the order relates shall be paid

or transferred according to the order, and shall, subject

to any special order or direction of the High Court or

a judge thereof, and to county court rules and to the

County Court Funds Rules, or the Mayor’s and City of

London Court Funds Rules, as the case may be, be invested,

applied or otherwise dealt with for the benefit of the

person to whom the order relates in such manner as the

county court in its discretion thinks fit.

(3) The provisions of this section shall apply to

money which in proceedings under the Fatal Accidents

Acts, 1846 to 1908, is recovered by or adjudged or

ordered to be paid to the widow of the person killed as

they apply to money recovered by or adjudged or

ordered to be paid to an infant.

(4) Where before the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, money recovered in any cause

or matter in the Kin g’s Bench Division of the High

Court by or on behalf of a person who is an infant or of

unsound mind has been paid to the Public Trustee, it

shall be lawful for the Public Trustee to pay that money,

or so much of it as remains in his possession, into the

county court of the district in which that person resides,

and money so transferred shall be invested, applied or

dealt with in the same manner as if it had been paid

into the county court under subsection (2) of this

section.

165 . Section sixty-three of the Trustee Act, 1925,

and paragraphs 1 and 3 of the Second Schedule to the

Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, shall have effect as

if references to rules of court included references to the

County Court Funds Rules or the Mayor’s and City of

London Court Funds Rules, as the case may be.

166 . In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned

to them:—

" The Accountant-General" means the Accountant-

General of the Supreme Court;

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

577

"The Commissioners" means the. National Debt

Commissioners;

" County Court Funds Rules" means rules made

under section one hundred and fifty-eight of this Act;

" Mayor’s and City of London Court Funds Rules "

means rules made under section one hundred and

fifty-nine of this Act;

" Money in court " and " securities in court " means

money or securities, as the case may be, deposited, paid, delivered or transferred in or

into a county c (ourt in pursuance of this or any

other Act or in pursuance of county court

rules;

" Prescribed" means prescribed by the County

Court Funds Rules.

Part IX.

Miscellaneous and General.

Financial Provisions.

167. —(1) The Lord Chancellor may from time to

time, with the concurrence of the Treasury, make orders

as to the fees to be paid on any proceedings which are

for the time being authorised to be taken in a county

court.

(2) Every such order shall be laid before both

Houses of Parliament within ten days from the commencement of the session next after the making thereof.

(3) A copy of the fees orders for the time being in

force shall be posted in some conspicuous place in every

court-house and registrar’s office.

168 . In default of the payment of any fees as

provided by the fees orders for the time being in force,

payment thereof shall be enforced, by order of the court,

in like manner as payment of any debt adjudged by the

court to be paid.

0 o

Part VIIT.

— cont.

Fees orders.

Enforce,

ment of

liability

for fees.

578

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part IX.

— cont.

Enforcement of

fines.

Registrar

to take

charge of

fees, &c.

Security

for money

in hands of

officers.

Accounts of

registrar.

169 . Payment of any fine imposed by any court

under this Act may be enforced upon the order of the

judge—

(a) in like manner as payment of any debt adjudged

by the court to be paid may be enforced under

this Act; or

(b) in like manner as payment of a sum adjudged

to be paid on summary conviction may be

enforced under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

170 . — (1)All fees payable under this Act, and all

penalties, forfeitures and fines imposed under this Act

(if not by this Act directed to be otherwise applied)

shall be paid to the registrar.

(2) All fees, fines, penalties and forfeitures paid to

a registrar (other than the registrar of the Mayor’s and

City of London Court) under this Act or any other Act,

shall be dealt with by him in such manner as the Lord

Chancellor, after consultation with the Treasury, may

direct.

171 . —(1) Every registrar, other than a whole time

registrar, shall give security for such sum, and in such

manner and form, as the Treasury may from time to time

direct for the due performance of his duties and for the

due accounting for, and payment of, all moneys received

by him under this Act or which he may become liable to

pay for any misbehaviour in his office.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing

subsection, the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, shall from time to time make such rules as

he thinks fit for securing the balances and other sums of

money in the hands of any officers of a county court, and

for the due accounting for and application of those

balances and sums.

172 . —(1) A registrar shall, in addition to the

accounts required to be kept by him under the County

Court Funds Rules, keep such accounts as the Lord

Chancellor, after consultation with the Treasury, may

direct.

(2) All accounts kept by a registrar shall be audited

at such times and in such manner as the Lord Chancellor,

after consultation as aforesaid, may direct.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

579

(3) This section shall not apply to the registrar of the Mayor’s and City of London Court.

173 . The Lord Chancellor may, subject to the

consent of the Treasury as to numbers and salaries,

appoint as officers in his department such auditors and

other officers as he may consider necessary for the purpose

of controlling the accounts of county courts.

174 . There shall be paid out of moneys provided

by Parliament—

(a) all salaries, remuneration, allowances, gratuities

and other sums payable under Part I of this Act (except where otherwise expressly provided)

or under the last foregoing section of this Act;

and

(b) the expenses of supplying the courts and offices

with law and office books and stationery and

postage stamps; and

(c) expenses incurred in conveying to prison persons

committed by the courts; and

(d) all other expenses arising out of any jurisdiction

for the time being conferred on the courts or

any officer thereof.

Summonses and other documents.

t

175 . — (1)Where any summons or other process

issued from a county court is served by the bailiff of

any court, the service may be proved by endorsement

on a copy of the summons or process under the hand

of that bailiff showing the fact and mode of the service.

(2) Any bailiff wilfully and corruptly endorsing

any false statement on a copy of a summons or other

process shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and, on

conviction thereof, shall be removed from his office or

employment and shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment

for any term not exceeding two years; or

(b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for any

term not exceeding six months or to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such

imprisonment and fine.

0 o 2

Part IX.

— cont.

Central

accounts.

Payment of

salaries and

expenses.

Proof of

service of

summonses,

&c.

580

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part IX.

— cont.

Summonses

and other

process to be

under seal.

Penalty for

falsely

pretending

to act under

authority

of court.

Penalty for

representing

document

to have

been issued

from county

court.

176 . — (1)All summonses issuing out of a county

court, and all such other documents so issuing as may

be prescribed, shall be sealed or stamped with the seal of the court.

(2) All such summonses and other documents purporting to be sealed as aforesaid shall, in England, be

received in evidence without further proof thereof.

177 . Any person who—

(a) delivers or causes to be delivered to any

other person any paper falsely purporting to

be a copy of any summons or other process

of a county court, knowing it to be false; or

(b) acts or professes to act under any false colour or

pretence of the process or authority of a

county court;

shall be guilty of felony, and shall for each offence be

liable on conviction on indictment to penal servitude

for a term not exceeding seven years.

178 . — (1)It shall not be lawful to deliver or cause

to be delivered to any person any document which, not

having been issued under the authority of a county

court, has, by reason of its form or contents or both, the

appearance of having been issued under such authority.

(2) If any person contravenes the provisions of this

section, he shall for each offence be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the provisions of the last foregoing section of this Act.

Lessee to 179 . Every lessee to whom there is delivered any

give notice summons issued from a county court for the recovery

fo/recover 3 an(^ d em ised to or held by him, or to whose knowledge

of r iand° Very an y such summons comes, shall forthwith give notice

thereof to his lessor or his bailiff or receiver, and if he

fails so to do, he shall be liable to forfeit to the person

of whom he holds the land an amount equal to the value

of three years improved or rack rent of the land,

to be recovered by action in any county court or other

court having jurisdiction in respect of claims for such

an amount.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

581

Forfeiture for Non-Payment of Rent.

180 . — (1)Where a lessor is proceeding by action in

a county court (being an action in which a county court

has jurisdiction) to enforce against a lessee a right of

re-entry or forfeiture in respect of any land for nonpayment of rent, the following provisions shall have

effect:—

(a) If the lessee pays into court not less than five

clear days before the return day all the rent in

arrear and the costs of the action, the action

shall cease, and the lessee shall hold the land

according to the lease without any new lease;

(b) If the action does not cease as aforesaid and the

court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is

entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or

forfeiture, the court shall order possession of the

land to be given to the lessor at the expiration

of such period, not being less than four weeks

from the date of the order, as the court thinks

fit, unless within that period the lessee pays

into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action;

(c) If within the period specified in the order, the

lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and

the costs of the action, he shall hold the land

according to the lease without any new lease,

but if the lessee does not, within the said period,

pay into court all the rent in arrear and the

costs of the action, the order shall be enforced

in the prescribed manner, and so long as the

order remains unreversed, the lessee shall be

barred from all relief:

Provided that, where the lessor is proceeding in the

same action to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture on

any other ground as well as for non-payment of rent, or to

enforce any other claim as well as the right of re-entry or

forfeiture and the claim for arrears of rent, sub-paragraph

(a) of this subsection shall not apply, and nothing in this

subsection shall be taken to affect the power of the court

to make any order which it would otherwise have power

Part IX.

— cant.

Provisions

as to forfeiture for

non-payment of

rent.

582

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part IX. to make as respects the right of re-entry or forfeiture on

— cont. that other ground.

(2) Where any such action as aforesaid is brought in

a county court and, at the time of the commencement of the action, one-half year’s rent is in arrear and the lessor

has a right to re-enter for non-payment thereof and no

sufficient distress is to be found on the premises countervailing the arrears then due, the service of the summons

in the action in the prescribed manner shall stand in lieu

of a demand and re-entry.

(3) Where a lessor has enforced against a lessee, by

re-entry without action, a right of re-entry or forfeiture as

respects any land for non-payment of rent, the lessee may,

if neither the annual value of the land nor the annual rent

payable in respect thereof exceeds one hundred pounds,

at any time within six months from the date on which

the lessor re-entered apply to the county court for relief,

and on any such application the court may, if it thinks

fit, grant to the lessee such relief as the High Court could

have granted.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the provisions of subsection (4) of section one hundred

15 & 16 and forty-six of the Law of Property Act, 1925.

Geo. 5. c.20.

(5) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "lease " includes an original

or derivative under-lease; also an agreement

for a lease where the lessee has become

entitled to have his lease granted; also a

grant at a fee farm rent, or securing a rent

by condition;

(b) the expression "lessee " includes an original

or derivative under-lessee, and the persons

deriving title under a lessee; also a grantee

under any such grant as aforesaid and the

persons deriving title under him;

(c) the expression "lessor " includes an original

or derivative under-lessor, and the persons

deriving title under a lessor; also a person

making such grant as aforesaid and the

persons deriving title under him;

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

(d) the expression "under-lease " includes an

agreement for an under-lease where the underlessee has become entitled to have his

under-lease granted;

(e) the expression "under-lessee " includes any

person deriving title under an under-lessee.

Provisions as to solicitors.

181 . No privilege shall be allowed to any solicitor

to exempt him from the jurisdiction of the court.

182 . No roll of solicitors shall be kept in a county

court, and a person qualified to act as a solicitor may

practise in a county court notwithstanding that no such

roll is kept therein and notwithstanding anything in

section forty-four of the Solicitors Act, 1932.

183 . A county court shall have the same power to

enforce an undertaking given by a solicitor in relation

to any proceedings in that court as the High Court has

to enforce an undertaking so given in relation to any

proceedings in the High Court.

184 . The remuneration of a solicitor in respect of

contentious business done by him in a county court shall

be regulated in accordance with the provisions of sections

fifty-nine to seventy of the Solicitors Act, 1932, and for

that purpose those sections shall have effect subject to

the following provisions :—

(a) for the purpose of paragraph (i) of subsection (9)

of section sixty, a county court shall be deemed

to be a court having jurisdiction to enforce and

set aside agreements;

(b) a county court shall have the same jurisdiction

as the High Court to make orders for the

delivery by a solicitor of a bill of costs and for

the delivery up of, or otherwise in relation to,

any deeds, documents or papers in his possession,

custody or power, in cases where the bill of

costs, deeds, documents or papers relate wholly

583

Part IX.

— cont.

No privilege

allowed to

solicitors.

Discontinuance of roll

of solicitors.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 37.

Power to

enforce

undertakings of

solicitors.

Remuneration of

solicitors

for contentious

business

done in

county

court.

584

Part IX.

—cot it.

Prohibition

on persons

other than

solicitors

receiving remuneration

for business

done in

county

court.

Mayor’s and

City of

London

Court.

10 & 11

Geo. 5.

c. cxxxiv.

15 & 16 Vict,

c. lxxvii.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

or partly to contentious business done by the

solicitor in that county court;

(c) where a bill of costs relates wholly or partly

to contentious business done in a county court

and the amount of the bill does not exceed

one hundred pounds, the powers and duties of the High Court relating thereto under sections

sixty-five, sixty-six and sixty-seven may be

exercised and performed by a county court in

which any of the business was done;

(d) the registrar of a county court shall be the

taxing officer of that court but any taxation

of costs by him may be reviewed by the judge on

the application of any party thereto;

(e) on the taxation of any costs or bill of costs,

the amount which may be allowed in respect of

any item relating to proceedings in a county

court shall not exceed the amount which could

have been allowed in respect of that item as

between party and party in those proceedings,

having regard to the nature of the proceedings

and the amount of the claim and counterclaim

(if any) therein.

185 . No person other than a solicitor shall be

entitled to have or recover any fee or reward for appearing

or acting on behalf of any other party in any proceedings

in a county court:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect the

right of any barrister to appear or act in any court, or of

any solicitor to recover costs in respect of his employment

of a barrister to appear or act as aforesaid.

Provisions as to other local courts.

186 . — (1)For the purpose of all proceedings within

the jurisdiction of a county court, the Mayor’s and City of

London Court shall be deemed to be a county court, and

shall, subject to the provisions of the Mayor’s and City

of London Court Act, 1920, be governed by the statutes

and rules for the time being applicable to county courts

so far as they do not conflict with the London (City) Small

Debts Extension Act, 1852.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

585

(2) Nothing in this Act shall he taken to diminish PabtIX.

any of the powers, rights or privileges of the judges of the —cont.

Mayor’s and City of London Court or the authority of the

mayor, aldermen and commons of the City of London in

common council assembled in relation to that court or in

relation to the judge or officers thereof, or in relation to

the fees taken therein, as the said powers, rights, privileges

and authority existed immediately before the commencement of this Act.

187 .—(1)Where— Exclusion of

(a) any court of local jurisdiction other than

a county court (hereafter in this section courts in

referred to as a " local court ") is established certain

within the limits of any city, borough or cases,

parish; or

(b) the jurisdiction of any local court extends into

the limits of a city, borough or parish;

the council of the city or borough, or a majority of the

ratepayers of the parish, as the case may be, may present

a petition to His Majesty in Council praying that the

jurisdiction of the local court in any proceedings whereof

a county court has cognizance shall be excluded.

(2) At least two months before any such petition

is presented, notice thereof shall be given by public

advertisement in the city, borough or parish, as the case

may be, and in some newspaper circulating therein.

(3) If such a petition is duly presented. His Majesty,

by Order in Council, may, if no counter petition has

been presented, and if no caveat has been entered at

the Privy Council Office, declare the exclusion of the

jurisdiction of the local court throughout the whole or

any part of any county court district.

(4) If a counter petition is presented, or any

caveat so entered, His Majesty may refer the petition

and the counter petition (if any) to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and upon the report of that

Committee may—

(a) make such Order in Council with respect to the

matter of the petition as He is advised to make;

and

586

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part IX.

-cent.

Prohibition

of actions

for price

of beer, &c.

consumed

on premises.

Transitional

provisions

as to high

bailiffs.

(b) award compensation to any person entitled to

appoint officers of the local court or to any

officer thereof appointed before the thirteenth

day of August, eighteen hundred and eighty-

eight.

(5) The Treasury shall have power to pay any

compensation so awarded.

Actions for price of beer, &c.

188. No action shall be brought in any county

court or any other court to recover any debt or sum of

money alleged to be due—

(a) in respect of the sale of any ale, porter, beer,

cider or perry which was consumed on the

premises where it was sold or supplied, or

(b) in respect of any money or goods lent or supplied,

or of any security given, for, in or towards the

obtaining of any such ale, porter, beer, cider or

perry.

Transitional.

189.—(1) Where, immediately before the commencement of this Act, the offices of high bailiff and

registrar of any county court were held by different

persons—

(a) nothing in this Act shall affect the position of the person holding the office of high bailiff of

that court, but, on that person vacating his

office, no other person shall be appointed

thereto; and

(b) so long as the said offices continue to be held

by different persons, the provisions of this Act

shall have effect in relation to that court subject

to the modifications set out in Part I of the

Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(2) References to a high bailiff in any enactment,

Order in Council, order, rule, regulation or any document

whatsoever shall, except in relation to any court where

the offices of registrar and high bailiff are held by

different persons, be construed as a reference to a

registrar.

1934. County Courts Ch. 53. 587

Act, 1934.

190 . This Act shall have effect subject to the Part IX.

transitional provisions set out in Parts II and III of the —

Fourth Schedule to this Act. Miscellaneous

transitional

provisions.

General.

191 . In this Act, tinless the context otherwise Interpreta-

requires, the following expressions have the meanings tion.

hereby respectively assigned to them :—

(a) " Action " includes a suit, and means any proceedings in a county court which may be

commenced as prescribed by plaint;

(b) " Admiralty county court" means a court

appointed to have admiralty jurisdiction by

order under this Act;

(c) " Admiralty proceedings" means proceedings in

which the claim would not be within the

jurisdiction of a county court but for the

provisions of sections fifty-five and fifty-six of this Act;

(d)" Bailiff " includes a registrar;

(e) " County court rules" means rules made under

section ninety-nine of this Act;

(f) " Court " and " county court " mean a court

held for a district unde^ this Act;

(g) " District " and " county court district " mean a

district for which a court is to be held under

section two of this Act;

(h) " Fees orders" means orders made under section

one hundred and sixty-seven of this Act;

(i)" Hearing " includes trial, and the expressions

" hear " and " heard " shall be construed

accordingly;

(j)" Hereditament " includes both a corporeal and

an incorporeal hereditament;

(k) " Judge " and " judge of coimty courts "

mean a judge appointed for a district under

this Act;

588

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part IX.

— cont.

(l)" Landlord, " in relation to any land, means the

person entitled to the immediate reversion of

that land or, if the property therein is held in

joint tenancy, any of the persons entitled to the

immediate reversion;

(m) " Lord Chancellor " includes the First Commissioner for the custody of the Great Seal;

(n) " Matter" means every proceeding in a county

court which may be commenced as prescribed

otherwise than by plaint;

(o) " Officer " in relation to a court means any registrar, deputy registrar or assistant registrar of

that court, and any clerk, bailiff, usher or

messenger in the service of that court;

(p) " Party " includes every person served with

notice of, or attending, any proceeding, whether

named as a party to that proceeding or not;

(q) " Prescribed" means prescribed by the county

• court rules for the time being in force;

(r) " Proceedings " includes both actions and

matters;

(s)" Probate proceedings" means proceedings

brought in a county court by virtue of the

provisions of section sixty of this Act, or

transferred to. that court under section sixty-one

of this Act;

(t)" Registrar" and " Registrar of a county court "

means a registrar appointed for a district under

this Act, or in a case where two registrars are

appointed jointly, either of those registrars;

(u) " Return day" means the day appointed in any

summons or proceeding for the appearance of the defendant or any other day fixed for the

hearing of any proceedings;

(v)" Solicitor" means solicitor of the Supreme

Court;

(w) " Superannuation Acts" means the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919;

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

589

(x) " Whole-time registrar" means a registrar in

whose case a direction has been given by the

Lord Chancellor under section seventeen of this Act.

192 . — (1)Nothing in this Act shall affect any Order

in Council, order, rule, regulation, scale of fees made,

direction given, instrument issued or thing done under

any former enactment relating to county courts, but

any such Order in Council, order, rule, regulation, scale

of fees, direction, instrument or thing shall, if in force

at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and,

so far as it could have been made, given, issued or done

under this Act, shall have effect as if made, given, issued

or done under this Act,

(2) For the purpose of the last foregoing subsection

it shall be deemed that an Order in Council made under

section two of the County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction

Act, 1868, could have been made under section fifty-five

of this Act, and that an Order in Council made under

section four of the County Courts Act, 1888, could have

been made under section two of this Act.

(3) Any person holding office or acting or serving,

or deemed to be acting or serving, under any former

enactment relating to county courts shall continue to

hold his office, or to act or serve, as if he had been

appointed under this Act, but nothing in this Act

shall affect the terms and conditions on and subject to

which any person held office immediately before the

commencement of this Act, or prejudice or affect any

right to pension, compensation, gratuity or allowance

which a person would otherwise have had on retirement

from his office or otherwise, or the amount thereof.

(4) References in any enactment or document to a

county court constituted under the County Courts Act,

1888, shall be construed as references to a county court

constituted under this Act and any act done or proceedings taken in respect of any action or matter whatsoever

before the commencement of this Act in a county court

constituted under the County Courts Act, 1888, shall be

deemed to have been done or taken in a. county court

constituted under this Act.

Part IX.

— cont.

Savings.

590

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Part IX.

— cont.

16 & 17 Vict,

c. 137.

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 42.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 76.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 27.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 57.

(5) Save as therein otherwise expressly provided,

nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of any

enactment which came into force after the first day of

January, eighteen hundred and eighty-nine, and is in

force at the commencement of this Act, and is not

expressly repealed by this Act, except that references

in any such enactment to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as references to the corresponding

enactment in this Act, and nothing in section one

hundred and four or one hundred and five of this Act

shall be taken to affect the following enactments,

namely, —

(a) sections thirty-seven to forty of the Charitable

Trusts Act, 1853;

(6) section thirty-six of the Building Societies Act,

1874;

(c) section four of the Telegraph Act, 1878;

(d) section ten of the Guardianship of Infants Act,

1886;

' (e) section one of the Parliamentary Elections

(Returning Officers) Act (1875) Amendment

Act, 1886.

(b) Nothing in the provisions of this Act which relate

to any matter with respect to which Rules of the Supreme

Court may be made under section ninety-nine of the

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

as amended by any other Act, shall affect the power to

make such rules as to that matter, and any power to

repeal any enactment repealed by this Act conferred by

paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of the said section ninety-

nine shall include power to repeal so much of this Act as

re-enacts that enactment.

(7) Any document referring to any former enactment relating to county courts shall be construed as

referring to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

(8) Nothing in this Act shall affect the rights or

privileges of the chancellor, masters and scholars of the

universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the jurisdiction

of the courts of the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the said universities held under their respective charters

or otherwise.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

591

(9) Nothing in this Act shall affect the title of the 1* ART IX.

Commissioners of Works to any property vested in them cont -

under the County Court (Buildings) Act, 1870. 33 & 34 Vict.

c. 15.

(10) In this section the expression "former enactment

relating to county courts" means any enactment repealed

by this Act, and any enactment repealed by the County

Courts Act, 1888.

(11) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the provisions of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation 52 & 53 Vict.

Act, 1889. c. 63.

193.—(1) This Act may be cited as the County Short title,

Courts Act, 1934. extent, com-

mencement

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern and repeal.

Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day on which, by virtue of orders made by His Majesty

in Council under subsection (4) of section thirty-five of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, all the

provisions of that Act will be in operation.

(4) The enactments mentioned in the Fifth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Scale of Pensions and Allowances of Judges

and Registrars.

PART I. Section 9.

Judges’ Pensions.

When the number of completed years of service in the office

of judge of county courts is as specified in the first column of the

592

Ch. 53

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— cont.

-Section 21.

following table, the annual pension shall not exceed the fraction

of the last annual salary respectively specified in the second

column of that table :—

Years of service.

Fraction of salary.

Less than 5

Six-thirtieths.

5 '

Ten-thirtieths.

6

Eleven-thirtieths.

7

Twelve-thirtieths.

8

Thirteen-thirtieths.

9

Fourteen-thirtieths.

10

Fifteen-thirtieths.

11

Sixteen-thirtieths.

12

Seventeen-thirtieths.

13

Eighteen-thirtieths.

14

Nineteen-thirtieths.

15 or more

Twenty-thirtieths.

Part II.

Registrars’ Superannuation Allowances.

1. An annual allowance not exceeding one-ninth of the last

annual salary may be granted after the completion of a period of

service of five years.

2. Where the period of service completed exceeds five years,

there may be granted an annual allowance not exceeding one-

ninth of the last annual salary with an addition of one-thirty-sixth

of that salary for each completed year’s service in excess of five.

3. The maximum allowance shall be two-thirds of the last

annual salary.

4. For the purpose of this Schedule, the annual salary of

a registrar who is also a district registrar of the High Court shall

be deemed to include any salary payable in respect of his services

as such district registrar.

1934.

County Courts '

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

593

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Extent of Jurisdiction of Court under certain Section 52.

Enactments.

Enactment. Limit of jurisdiction.

The Law of Property Act,

1922-

Subsection (1) of section one

hundred and twenty-rfine,

paragraph (v) of subsection

(1) of section one hundred

and thirty-nine, and paragraphs (6) and (8) of the

Twelfth Schedule.

Section one hundred and

thirty-two.

The Trustee Act, 1925—

Subsection (1) of section

forty-one, sections forty-

two, fifty-one, fifty-seven,

sixty, sixty-one and sixty-

two.

Sections forty-four, forty-

five, and forty-six.

Sections forty-seven and

forty-eight.

Sections fifty and fifty-six -

Section fifty-three

P

In a case where the land

which is to be dealt with in

the court does not exceed in

capital value five hundred

pounds or in annual rateable

value thirty pounds.

In a case where the lord is

proceeding by action in the

court to enforce the right of

forfeiture.

In a case where the trust estate

or fund to be dealt with in

the court does not exceed in

amount or value five hundred

pounds.

In a case where the land or the

interest or contingent right in

land which is to be dealt with

in the court forms part of a

trust estate which does not

exceed in amount or value

five hundred pounds.

In a case where the judgment

is given or order is made by

the court.

In a case where a vesting

order can be made by the

court.

In a case where the amount

or value of the property to

be dealt with in the court

does not exceed five hundred

pounds.

P

594

Ch. 53.

County Courts

of, ‘1934.

24 & 25.Geo. 5.

2nd Sea.

— csnt.

Enactment.

The Trustee Act, 1925— cant.

Section fifty-nine

Section sixty-three

The Law oe Property Act,

1925—

Subsections (4) and (5) of section three, sections thirty,

forty-nine, and sixty-six,

proviso (iii) to paragraph 3

of Part III of the First

Schedule, and proviso (v)

to sub-paragraph (3) and

provisos (iii) and (iv) to

sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 1 of Part IV of the

First Schedule.

Subsection (1) of section

eighty-nine, subsection (1)

of section ninety, and sections ninety-one and

ninety-two.

The proviso to subsection (1)

of section one hundred and

thirty-six.

Section one hundred and

forty-six.

Limit of jurisdiction.

In the case of any proceedings

before the court.

In a case where the money or

secmities to be paid into court

do not exceed in amount or

value five hundred pounds.

In a case where the land which

is to be dealt with in the court

does not exceed in capital

value five hundred pounds

or in annual rateable value

thirty pounds.

In a case where the amount

owing in respect of the mortgage or charge at the date of the commencement of the

proceedings does not exceed

five hundred pounds.

In a case where the amount or

value of the debt or thing in

action does not exceed one

hundred pounds.

In a case where the lessor is

proceeding by action in the

court to enforce the right of

entry or forfeiture, or, if the

lessor is proceeding to enforce

the said right otherwise than

by action, in a case where

neither the rent nor the value

of the property comprised in

the lease exceeds the sum of

one hundred pounds by the

year.

1934. County Courts Ch. 53. 595

Act, 1934.

Enactment. Limit of jurisdiction. 2nd Sch.

_ _ — cont.

The Law of Property Act,

1925— cont.

Section one hundred and In a case where neither the

forty-seven. rent nor the value of the

house or other building exceeds the sum of one hundred

pounds by the year.

Sections one hundred and In a case where the amount

sixty-nine, one hundred or value of the property or

and eighty-one and one of the interest in the property

hundred and eighty-eight. which is to be dealt with in

the court does not exceed

five hundred pounds.

The Land Charges Act, 1925—

Subsection (6) of section two In a case where the action was

brought or the petition in

bankruptcy was filed in the

court.

Subsection (5) of section six - In a case where the order

, affecting land has been made

by the court.

Subsection (3) of section eight In a case where an application

under section twenty-three of the Deeds of Arrangement

Act, 1914, could be entertained by the court.

Subsection (8) of sc ction ten In a case where the land charge

is within one of the following

classes specified in the said

section ten, viz., Class C (i),

C (ii), or D (i), if the amount

does not exceed five hundred

pounds.

In a case where the land

charge is within Class C (iii), if

the charge' is for a specified

capital sum of money not

exceeding five hundred

pounds, or, where the charge

is not for a specified capital

sum, if the land affected does

not exceed in capital value

five hundred pounds or in

annual rateable value thirty

pounds. *

596

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. Enactment. Limit of jurisdiction.

— coni . -- •——

The Land Chabges Act, 1925—

cont.

Subsection (8) of section ten In a case where the land charge

is within one of the following

classes specified in the said

section ten, viz., Class A,

Class B, Class C(iv), Class D(ii),

Class D (iii) or Class E, if the

land affected does not exceed

in capital value five hundred

pounds or in annual rateable

value thirty pounds.

The Administration oe Estates Act, 1925—

Subsection (2) of section In a case where the estate in

thirty-eight, proviso (ii) to respect of which the applica-

subsection (1) of section tion is made does not exceed

forty-one, and subsection in amount or value five

(2) of section forty-three. hundred pounds.

Section seventeen - - In a case where the legal proceeding is pending in the

, court.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section 09. ENACTMENTS FORMERLY REGULATING OR PROVIDING FOR

Matters which can be Regulated or Provided

for by County Court Rules.

The County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868

(31 & 32 Vict. c. 71).

Section 8.—If during the progress of an Admiralty cause in

a county court it shall appear to the court that the cause could

be more conveniently prosecuted in some other county court

. . the court may by order transfer it to such other county

court and the cause shall thenceforward be so prosecuted

accordingly.

The County Courts Act, 1888 (51 & 52 Vict. c. 43).

Section 22.—A judge proposing to sue any person dwelling or

carrying on business in any district of which he is the judge may

bring his action in the court of any adjoining district of which

he is not the judge; and any person proposing to sue a judge

may bring his action in any court of a district adjoining the district

of which the defendant is judge. *

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

t

597

Section 33.— . Every bailiff duly appointed may Sbd Sch.

serve or execute any process which by any Act passed or to be — cont -

passed is directed to be served or executed by a high bailiff, unless

otherwise specially provided against therein.

Section 42.—If an action be brought by an officer in the court

of which he is an officer, except as official receiver, the judge shall,

at the request of the defendant, order that the venue be changed,

and that the action be sent for trial to the court of some convenient

district of which he is not the judge; and the registrar of the

first-mentioned court shall forthwith transmit by post to the

registrar of such last-mentioned court a certified copy of the

plaint as entered in the plaint book, the duplicate copy of the

summons and particulars served on the defendant, and a certified

copy of the order for changing the venue as entered in the

minute book; and the judge of such last-mentioned court shall

appoint a day for the trial, notice whereof shall be sent by post or

otherwise by the registrar of such last-mentioned court to both

parties.

Section 43.—If an action be brought against an officer of a

county court, the summons may issue in the district of which he

is an officer, or in any adjoining district the judge of which is not

the judge of a court of which the defendant is an officer.

Section 56.—All personal actions where the debt, demand or

damage claimed is not more than one hundred pounds, whether

on balanch of account or otherwise . shall be heard and

determined in a summary way according to the provisions of this Act .

Section 59.—Actions of ejectment . may be brought

and prosecuted in the court of the district in which the lands,

tenements or hereditaments are situate ....

Section 73.—On the application of any person desirous to

bring an action under this Act, the registrar of the court shall

enter in a book to be kept for this purpose in his office a plaint

in writing, stating the names and the last known places of abode

of the parties, and the substance of the action intended to be

brought, every one of which plaints shall be numbered in every

year according to the order in which it shall be entered; and thereupon a summons, stating the substance of the action, and bearing

the number of the plaint on the margin thereof, shall be issued

under the seal of the court, according to such form, and be served

on the defendant so many days before the day on which the court

shall be holden at which the action is to be tried, as shall be

prescribed, and delivery of such summons to the defendant, or in

such other manner as shall be so prescribed, shall be deemed good

service; and no misnomer or inaccurate description of any person

598 #

3bd Soh

— cont.

Ch. 53. County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

or place in any such plaint or summons shall vitiate the same, so

that the person or place be therein described so as to be commonly

known. •

Section 74.—Except where by this Act it is otherwise provided,

every action or matter may be commenced in the court within the

district of which the defendant or one of the defendants shall

dwell or carry on his business at the time of commencing the

action or matter, or it may be commenced, by leave of the judge

or registrar, in the court within the district of which the defendant

or one of the defendants dwelt or carried on business, at any time

within six calendar months next before the time of commencement,

or, with the like leave in the court in the district of which the

cause of action or claim wholly or in part arose.

Section 75.—The provisions of the next preceding section

shall not apply to any of the following proceedings; but

(1) Proceedings which relate to the recovery or sale of

any mortgage, charge, or lien on lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, or to partition, shall be taken in

that court within the districts of winch the lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof,

are situate:

(2) Proceedings under the Trustee Acts, 1850 and 1852,

shall be taken in the court within the district of which

the persons making the application, or any of them,

reside or resides:

(3) Proceedings for the administration of the assets of a

deceased person shall be taken in the court within

the district of which the deceased person had his last

place of abode in England, or in which the executors or

administrators, or any one of them, shall have their or

his place of abode:

(4) Proceedings in any partnership case shall be taken

in the court within the district of which the partnership

business was or is carried on:

Provided that if during the progress of any such proceedings

it shall be made to appear to the court that the same could

be more conveniently heard in some other court, it shall be

competent for the court to transfer the same to such other court,

and thereupon the proceedings shall be taken in such other court.

Section 76.—Any summons or other process which under

this Act shall be required to be served or executed out of the

district of the court from which the same shall have issued,

may be served or executed by the bailiff of any court in any part

of England, and such service or execution shall be as valid as if

the same had been made by the bailiff of the court out of which

such summons or other process shall have issued within the

jurisdiction of the court for which he acts.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

599

Section 77.—Any summons or other process may be served

or a warrant executed within five hundred yards of the boundary

of the district of the court from which the same issued byr the

bailiff of such court, or if the judge of such court so orders, by

such bailiff within the district of any other court.

Section 79.—On the return day the plaintiff shall appear,

and thereupon the defendant shall be required to appear to

answer the plaint; and on answer being made in court the judge

shall proceed in a summary way to try the action and give judgment, without further pleading or formal joinder of issue.

Section 80.—Subject to the power of amendment conferred by

this Act, no evidence of any demand or claim shall be given by

the plaintiff on the trial or hearing, except such as shall be stated

in the summons or other proceeding under this Act directed to be

issued or taken.

Section 82.—Subject to the power of amendment conferred by

this Act, no defendant shall be allowed to set off or set up by way

of counterclaim any debt or demand claimed or recoverable by

him from the plaintiff, or to set up by way of defence, and to

claim and have the benefit of infancy, coverture, or any statute

of limitations, or of his discharge under any statute relating to

bankrupts or any Act for relief of insolvent debtors, without the

consent of the plaintiff, unless the prescribed notice thereof shall

have been given to the registrar; and in every case in which the

practice of the court shall require such notice to be given, the

registrar of the court shall as soon as conveniently may be after

receiving such notice, communicate the same to the plaintiff by

post, or by causing the same to be delivered at his usual place

of abode or business, but it shall not be necessary for the defendant

to prove on the trial that such notice was communicated to the

plaintiff by the registrar.

Section 84.—Where a plaintiff shall dwell or carry on business

in the district of the Bloomsbury County Court of Middlesex, or

in the district of the Brompton County Court of Middlesex, or in

the district of the Clerkenwell County Court of Middlesex, or in

the district of the Lambeth County Court of Surrey, or in the

district of the Marylebone County Court of Middlesex, or in the

district of the Shoreditch County Court of Middlesex, or in the

district of the Southwark County Court of Surrey, or in the

district of the Westminster County Court of Middlesex, or in the

district of the Whitechapel County Court of Middlesex, or in the

district of the City of London Court, and the defendant shall

dwell or carry on business in the district of any of the said courts,

the action or matter may be commenced and all proceedings

thereon taken and had either in the court of the district in which

the plaintiff shall dwell or carry on business, or in the court of the

district in which the defendant shall dwell or carry on business.

3bd Sch.

— cont.

600

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

3bd Sch.

— cont.

Section 85.—If a judge shall be satisfied by either party to

an action or matter pending in his court that such action or matter

can be more conveniently or fairly tried or heard in some other

court, he shall order that the same be transferred to such other

court, or, if the judge shall be interested in any action or matter

pending in his court, he shall order that the same be transferred

to some convenient court of which he is not the judge, at his

discretion; and in either case the registrar of the court in which

the action or matter was commenced shall forthwith transmit by

post to the registrar of the court to which it is to be sent, a

certified copy of all the proceedings therein, and the judge of such

last-mentioned court shall appoint a day for the trial or hearing,

notice whereof shall be sent, by post or otherwise, by the

registrar to all parties interested, and thenceforth all proceedings

therein shall be taken in such court as if the action or matter

had been commenced therein.

Section 87.—The judge may at all times amend all defects

and errors in any proceeding in the court, whether there is anything in writing to amend by or not, and whether the defect or

error be that of the party applying to amend, or not; and all such

amendments may be made with or without costs, and upon such

terms as the judge may think just; and all such amendments as

may be necessary for the purpose of determining the real question

in controversy between the parties shall be so made, if duly

applied for.

Section 88.—If upon the return day, or at any continuation

or adjournment of the court, or of the action or matter, the

plaintiff shall not appear, the action or matter shall be struck

out; and if he shall appear but shall not make proof of his claim

to the satisfaction of the court, it shall be lawful for the judge to

nonsuit the plaintiff, or to give judgment for the defendant, and

in either case where the defendant shall appear and shall not

admit the claim, to award to the defendant, by way of costs and

satisfaction for his trouble and attendance, such sum as the judge

in his discretion shall think just, and such sum shall be recoverable

from the plaintiff by such ways and means as any debt or damage

ordered to be paid by the same court can be recovered:Provided

always, that if the plaintiff shall not appear when called upon,

and the defendant, or some one duly authorised on his behalf,

shall appear, and admit the cause of action to the full amount

claimed, and pay the fees payable in the first instance by the

plaintiff, the judge, if he shall think fit, may proceed to give

judgment as if the plaintiff had appeared.

Section 89.—In every case where the plaintiff shall not appear,

either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf,

upon the return day, or at any continuation or adjournment of the court or of the action or matter, and the defendant shall appear

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

601

either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf,

it shall be lawful for the court to award to the defendant by way

of costs of attendance and satisfaction for his trouble, such sum as

the court shall think just; and the sum so awarded shall be

recoverable from the plaintiff by such ways and means as any

debt or damage ordered to be paid by the court can be recovered.

Section 90.—If in any action founded on contract a defendant

shall not appear at the hearing, either in person or by some person

duly authorised on his behalf, and no sufficient excuse for the

defendant’s absence shall be shown, the registrar may, by leave

of the judge or in case of the judge’s death or unavoidable absence,

upon due proof of the service of the summons and of the debt

being due and owing, enter up judgment for the plaintiff, and

shall have the same power to make an order for payment by

instalments, or to enter up judgment of nonsuit, or to strike out

or adjourn the action, as a judge would have; and such judgment

shall be as valid as if both parties had attended the court.

Section 91.—If on the return day, or at any continuation or

adjournment of the court or of the action or matter, the defendant

shall not appear either in person or by some person duly authorised

on his behalf, or sufficiently excuse his absence, or shall neglect

to answer when called in court, the judge, upon due proof of

service, may proceed to the trial or hearing on the part of the

plaintiff only, and the judgment or order thereupon shall be as

valid as if both parties had attended:Provided always, that

the judge in any such case, at the same or any subsequent court,

may set aside any judgment or order so given or made in the

absence of the defendant, and the execution thereupon, and may

grant a new trial or hearing, upon such terms, if any, as to payment

of costs, giving security or such other terms as he may think just,

on sufficient cause shown to him for that purpose.

Section 92.—Where a defendant appearing at the hearing,

either in person or by some person duly authorised on his behalf,

admits the claim, the registrar may, by leave of the judge, or

in case of the judge’s death or unavoidable absence, settle the

terms and conditions upon which it is to be paid, and enter up

judgment accordingly as a judgment of the court. .

Section 93.— . but the Court shall have power to

nonsuit the plaintiff in every case in which satisfactory proof shall

not be given entitling either the plaintiff or defendant to judgment.

The judge shall also in every case whatever have the power, if

he shall think just, to order a new trial to be had upon such

terms as he shall think reasonable, and in the meantime to stay

the proceedings.

Section 101.—The party requiring a jury to be summoned

shall give to the registrar of the court, or leave at his office,

3bd Sch.

— cont.

602

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

3bd Soh.

— cont.

such notice thereof as shall be prescribed; and the said registrar

shall cause notice of such demand of a jury, made either by

the plaintiff or defendant, to be communicated to the other party

to the said action, either by post or by causing the same to be

delivered at his usual place of abode or business, but it shall not

be necessary for either party to prove on the trial that such notice

was communicated to the other party by the registrar. Every

party requiring a jury to be summoned shall, at the time of

giving the said notice, and before he shall be entitled to have such

jury summoned, pay to the registrar of the court the sum of eight

shillings for payment of the jury, and such sum shall be considered

as costs in the action, unless otherwise ordered by the judge.

Whenever it is required that a jury should be summoned for the

trial of any matter arising out of the jurisdiction given to the

court by section sixty-seven of this Act, the jury shall be

summoned from the list of jurors in the possession of the registrar

of the court in which the action or matter was commenced.

Section 106.—The judge may in any case make orders for

granting time to the plaintiff or defendant to proceed in the

prosecution or defence of the action or matter and also may from

time to time adjourn . the hearing or further hearing of

any action or matter in such manner as the judge may think fit.

Section 107.—It shall be lawful for the defendant in any

action or matter within such time as shall be prescribed, to pay

into court such sum of money as he shall think a full satisfaction

for the demand of the plaintiff, together with the costs incurred

by the plaintiff up to the time of such payment; and notice

of such payment shall be communicated by the registrar to the

plaintiff by post, or by causing the same to be delivered at his

usual place of abode or business; and the said sum of money shall

be paid to the plaintiff; but if the plaintiff shall elect to proceed,

and shall recover no further sum in the action or matter than shall

have been so paid into court, he shall pay to the defendant the

costs incurred by him in the said action or matter after such

payment; and such costs shall be settled by the court, and

an order shall thereupon be made by the court for the payment

of such costs by the plaintiff.

Section 108.—Where a party is required to give security,

such security shall be at the cost of the party giving it, and in the

form of a bond, with sureties, to the other party or intended party

in the action or matter:Provided always, that the court in which

any action on the bond shall be brought may by order give such

relief to the obligors as may be just, and such order shall have the

effect of a defeasance of such bond.

Section 109.—Where a party is required to give security, be

may in lieu thereof deposit with the registrar, if the security is required to be given in "the court, or with a master of the Supreme

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

COS

Court if the security is required to be given in the High Court, a

sum equal in amount to the sum for which he would be required to

give security, together with a memorandum, to be approved of by

such registrar or master, and to be signed by such party, his solicitor

or agent, setting forth the conditions on which such money*is

deposited, and the registrar or master shall give to the party paying

a written acknowledgment of such payment; and the judge of the

county court, when the money shall have been deposited in such

court, or a Judge of the High Court when the money shall have

been deposited in the High Court, may, on the same evidence as

would be required to enforce or avoid such bond as in the last

preceding section is mentioned, order such sum so deposited to be

paid out to such party or parties as he shall think just.

Section 110.—Either of the parties to any action or matter

may obtain from the registrar summonses to -witnesses, with

or without a clause requiring the production of books, deeds,

papers, and writings in the possession or control of the person

summoned as a witness; and such summonses, and any summonses which are now or may be required to be served personally,

may, under such regulations as may be prescribed, be served by a

bailiff of the court or otherwise.

Section 113.—All the costs of any action or matter in the

court, not herein otherwise provided for, shall be paid by or

apportioned between the parties in such manner as the court

shall think just, and in default of any special direction shall

abide the event of the action or matter, and execution may issue

for the recovery of any such costs in like manner as for any

debt adjudged in the said court.

Section 118.—All costs and charges between party and party

shall be taxed by the registrar of the court in which such costs

and charges were incurred, but his taxation may be reviewed

by the judge on the application of either party, and no costs or

charges shall be allowed on such taxation which are not sanctioned

by the scale then in force .

Section 119.—The judge may award costs on any scale higher

than that which would be otherwise applicable to the plaintiff on

any amount recovered, however small, or to a defendant who

successfully defends an action brought for any amount, however

small, provided that the said judge certifies in writing that the

action involved some novel or difficult point of law, or that the

question litigated was of importance to some class or body of

persons, or of general or public interest.

Section 129.— . but if a copy of such order or

summons [granted by the High Court or by any judge thereof

to shew cause why a writ of certiorari or prohibition should not

issue to any court] shall not be served by the party who obtained

3rd Sch.

— cont.

604

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

3bd Sch.

— cord.

it on the opposite party and on the registrar two clear days

before the day fixed for the trial of the action or matter, the

judge may, in his discretion, order the party who obtained the

order or summons to pay all the costs of the day, or so much

thereof as he may think fit, unless the High Court or a Judge

thereof shall have made some order respecting such costs.

Section 130.—Where a writ of certiorari or of prohibition to

a court shall have been granted by the High Court or a Judge

thereof on an ex parte application, and the party who obtained

it shall not lodge it with the registrar, and give notice to the

opposite party that it has issued, two clear days before the day

fixed for the trial of the action or matter to which it shall relate,

the judge may, in his discretion, order the party who obtained

the writ to pay all the costs of the day, or so much thereof as he

shall think fit, unless the High Court, or a Judge thereof shall have

made some order respecting such costs.

Section 133.—All actions of replevin which shall be brought in

the court, shall be brought by plaint, and in every such action

the plaint shall be entered in the court of the district where the

goods were seized.

The County Courts Act, 1919 (9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 73).

Section 5.—(2) Where a defendant gives notice in the

prescribed manner that he admits his liability for the whole or

any part of a claim, but desires the decision of the court as to the

time and mode of payment thereof and offers to pay the same,

the registrar shall, subject to county court rules, on such notice to

the plaintiff as may be prescribed, and unless, where the defendant

admits less than the full amount claimed, the plaintiff objects in

the prescribed manner to accept the amount admitted and the

offer of payment in satisfaction of his claim, have power to enter

up judgment and, for this purpose, to decide any question as to

time and mode of payment.

(3) Where the plaintiff and defendant enter into an agreement in the prescribed manner as to the amount payable in

respect of the whole or any part of a claim and the terms and

conditions upon which the same is to be paid and satisfied,

the registrar shall, subject to county court rules, have power

to enter up judgment for the amount so agreed upon and for

a payment thereof upon the terms and conditions sanctioned in

the agreement.

(4) In any case where the registrar has power under the

principal Act or this Act to hear and determine a case or to

enter up judgment he shall have power to make such order as

to payment by instalments as the judge might have made, and

to exercise any other power which the judge might have exercised,

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

605

and, subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to appeals,

any judgment entered up by the registrar in pursuance of the

principal Act or this Act shall, to all intents and purposes, have

the same effect and shall be enforced and enforceable in the same

manner as if it had been a judgment of the judge of the same court.

Section 7.—Any judgment or order of a registrar, and any

execution thereof (except where all parties have consented to the

terms of the judgment or order), may, on application made within

such time and in such manner as may be prescribed, be set aside

by the judge of the county court, and the judge may give such

judgment or make such order in substitution therefor as he thinks

fit, or may grant a new trial on such terms (if any) as he may

think fit.

Section 8.—The following section shall be substituted for

section eighty-six of the principal Act:—

" (1) County Court rules may provide for the issue, under

the prescribed conditions, of a default summons, in the

prescribed form or to the prescribed effect, in any action

for a debt or liquidated demand in money, and may

provide for the manner in which such a summons is to be

served and the conditions (if any) under which the defendant is to be entitled to defend the action; and, where

such conditions are not complied with, it shall be lawful

for the registrar to enter up judgment summarily for the

plaintiff in manner prescribed by the rules.

" (2) The rules may provide for different procedure and

different conditions according to the amount of the

claim or the nature thereof or the position or occupation

of the defendant, for the exclusion of any actions from

the procedure by default summons, and for the amendments to be allowed in the case of a default summons,

and the procedure consequent on any such amendment."

Section 10.—(1) Where an action or matter is commenced in a

county court, which ought to have been commenced in some

other county court, the judge may, if he thinks fit, and upon such

terms as to costs and otherwise as he thinks fit, instead of

ordering it to be struck out in accordance with section one

hundred and fourteen of the principal Act, either transfer the

action or matter to the county court in which it ought to have

been commenced or proceed to hear and determine the case in

the court in which it was commenced, and in the latter case

that court shall have jurisdiction in like manner as if it had

been the court in which the action or matter ought to have

commenced.

(2) WTiere an action or matter is transferred from one

county ‘court to another under this section, the provisions of

3rd Sch.

— corU.

606

Ch. 53.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

section eighty-five of the principal Act relating to procedure on

transfer and to the trial or hearing of a transferred action or

matter shall apply in like manner as if the action or matter

had been transferred under that section.

Section 13.—Section twenty-one of the County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868 (which prescribes the county courts

in which admiralty proceedings are to be commenced), shall cease

to have effect, and provision may be made by county court rules

as to the courts in which proceedings may be commenced in

cases which by virtue of that Act, or any Act amending that

Act, may be brought in a county court.

Section 24.—(2) The power of making rules under section

one hundred and sixty-four of the principal Act shall extend

to making rules—

(a) for carrying this Act into effect:

(b) for requiring each party in any action where the debt

’ demand, or damage claimed or counterclaimed exceeds

twenty pounds, or such greater amount as may be

provided by the rules, to state the nature of his

claim or defence in writing in sufficient time before

the trial in the form of particulars or otherwise;

and the provisions of the principal Act as to the procedure and

practice in actions in the county court shall have effect subject

to such modifications therein as may be made by any rules made

in pursuance of the powers given by this section.

The County Courts Act, 1924 (14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 17).

Section 8.—A registrar on the application of the defendant,

of the hearing of which application seven clear days’ notice

shall be given by the defendant to the plaintiff, may order a

plaint or other proceeding to be struck out on the ground that

it discloses no reasonable cause of action, and shall make such

order as to costs as he may think proper.

From the decision of the registrar an appeal shall lie to

the county court judge in chambers.

The Settled Land Act, 1925 (15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18).

Section 113 (3). —The powers of the court . [which are

exercisable by a county court] shall be exercised by any county

court within the district whereof is situate any part of the land

which is to he dealt with in the court or from which the capital

money to be dealt with in the court arises under this Act or

in connection with which the personal chattels to be dealt with

in the court are settled.

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

607

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

PART I. Section 189.

Transitional Provisions.

Modifications of Act in the case of Courts where

the Offices of High Bailiff and Registrar are

held by Different Persons.

1. The following provisions shall have effect as if references

to the registrar included references to the high bailiff, that is to

say, —

Subsections (1) and (3) of section nineteen, subsection (1) of

section twenty, subsections (1) and (2) and paragraph

(a) of subsection (5) of section twenty-four, and subsection

(1) of section one hundred and seventy-one.

2. The following provisions shall have effect as if references

to the high bailiff were substituted for references to the registrar,

that is to say, —

Subsection (2) of section twenty-eight, section one hundred

and twenty-two, section one hundred and twenty-three,

section one hundred and twenty-seven, section one hundred

and twenty-nine, section one hundred and thirty, subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred and thirty-one,

subsections (3) and (4) of section one hundred and thirty-

three, subsection (7) of section one hundred and thirty-

four, subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty,

and section one hundred and forty-four.

3. The proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty-eight shall

have effect as if the words "or high bailiff " were inserted after

the word " registrar " where that word first occurs.

4. Subsection (2) of section thirty-six shall have effect as

if the words "or in his unavoidable absence the high bailiff "

were inserted after the word "enactment."

5. Subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixteen

shall have effect as if the words "to the high bailiff " were

inserted after the word "issue, " and as if the words "high

bailiff" were substituted for the word "registrar " where that

word secondly occurs.

6. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-three

shall have effect as if the words "on the application of the

high bailiff " were inserted after the word " registrar."

008

Ch. 53.

County Courts . 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

' Act, 1934.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Section 190.

7. Section one hundred and thirty-five shall have effect as if

in subsection (1) thereof the words "high bailiff " were substituted

for the word "registrar " where that word first occurs, and as if

in subsection (2) thereof the words "issue it to the high bailiff

of that other county court and thereupon that high bailiff"

were inserted after the words "county court shall, " and the

words " high bailiff " were substituted for the word "registrar "

in the second and third places where that word occurs and as if

in subsection (3) thereof the words "high bailiff " were substituted

for the word "registrar" where that word first occurs.

8. Section one hundred and forty-three shall have effect as if

in subsection (1) thereof the words "high bailiff" were substituted

for the word "registrar " where that word first occurs, and as

if in subsection (2) thereof the words "issue it to the high bailiff

of that other court and thereupon that high bailiff " were

inserted after the words "county court shall" and the words

" high bailiff " were substituted for the word "registrar " in the

second and third places where that word occurs, and as if in

subsection (5) thereof the words "high bailiff " were substituted

for the word "registrar " where that word first occurs.

9. Paragraph (d) of section one hundred and ninety-one shall

have effect as if the words "and high bailiff " were inserted after

the word " registrar, " and paragraph (o) of that section shall

have effect as if the words "high bailiff " were inserted after

the word " registrar " where that word first occurs, and as if

the words "deputy high bailiff " were inserted after the words

" deputy registrar."

Part II.

Provision as to certain Deputy Registrars.

Subsection (6) of section twenty-four of this Act shall apply

to a deputy appointed in the case of the illness or unavoidable

absence of a registrar—

(a) to whom a salary had been assigned before the fourteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,

under section forty-five of the County Courts Act,

1888; and

(b) who gave notice in such form and within such period as

was prescribed by order of the Lord Chancellor under

paragraph (6) of subsection (3) of section four of the

County Courts Act, 1924, of his desire to accept the

provisions of that Act relating to retirement and

pensions;

as it applies to a deputy appointed in the case of the illness or

unavoidable absence of a whole-time registrar.

1934. County Courts Ch. 53. 609

Act, 1934.

Part III. ScH -

— cont.

Provisions as to Pending Proceedings. Section m.

1. Nothing in—

(a) sections forty-eight, forty-nine, one hundred and

seventy-nine or one hundred and eighty of this Act; or

(b) section six of the County Courts (Amendment) Act,

1934; or

(c) the provisions of the County Courts (Amendment)

Act, 1934, repealing sections one hundred and thirty-

eight to one hundred and forty-five of the County

Courts Act, 1888; or

(d) the provisions of the County Courts (Amendment)

Act, 1934, repealing certain words in sections fifty-

nine and one hundred and twenty of the County

Courts Act, 1888, and in section seven of the County

Courts Act, 1924;

shall affect any proceedings commenced in a county court under

section fifty-nine, one hundred and thirty-eight or one hundred

and thirty-nine of the County Courts Act, 1888, before the

date on which section six of the County Courts (Amendment)

Act, 1934, came into operation, and in relation to any such

proceedings, sections fifty-nine, one hundred and twenty, and

one hundred and thirty-eight to one hundred and forty-five of the County Courts Act, 1888, as amended by any subsequent

enactment other than section six of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act,

continue to have effect as they had effect immediately before the

said date.

2. Nothing in section fifty-four of this Act shall affect any

action or matter commenced in the High Court before section

eight of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into

operation.

3. Nothing in section fifty-eight of this Act shall affect

any action commenced in the High Court before section sixteen

of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into operation.

4. Nothing in sections sixty-three or seventy-one of this Act

or in section eleven of the County Courts (Amendment) Act,

1934, or in the provisions of that Act repealing section two

hundred and three of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, shall affect any proceedings commenced in

a county court before the date on which section eleven of the

County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into operation,

and in relation to any such proceedings sections two hundred

and two and two hundred and three of the Supreme Court of

Q q

610

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

4th Sch.

— cont.

32 & 33 Vice,

c. 51.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 28.

10 & 11

Geo. 6. c. 81.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, continue to have effect as they had effect

immediately before the said date.

5. Where in any proceedings pending in a county court at

the date on which section fourteen of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into operation, any assessors had been

summoned before that date under sections ten, eleven, fourteen,

fifteen and sixteen of the County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction

Act, 1868, or section five of the County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Amendment Act, 1869, they shall be deemed to have been

summoned under section eighty-eight of this Act.

6. Nothing in section ninety-one of this Act or in section

seventeen of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, or in

the provisions of that Act repealing section nineteen of the

Administration of Justice Act, 1925, shall affect any proceedings

commenced in a county court before the date on which section

seventeen of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into

operation, and, in relation to any such proceedings, section three

of the Ad mi nistration of Justice Act, 1920, and section nineteen

of the Administration of Justice Act, 1925, shall, notwithstanding

anything in this Act, continue to have effect as they had effect

immediately before the said date.

7. For the purpose of section ninety-two of this Act, a

notice requiring a jury to be summoned given to the registrar by a

party to any proceedings commenced in a county court before

the date on which section seventeen of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, came into operation, shall be treated as if it

were an order of the court for the trial of those proceedings with

a jury.

8. Nothing in—

(a) subsections (1) or (2) of section one hundred and six

of this Act; or

(b) subsections (1) or (2) of section fifteen of the County

Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934; or

(c) the provisions of the County Courts (Amendment)

Act, 1934, repealing sections twenty-six, twenty-seven,

twenty-eight, thirty and thirty-one of the County

Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868;

shall affect any proceedings commenced in a county court

before the date on which section fifteen of the County Courts

(Amendment) Act, 1934, came into operation, and in relation

to any such proceedings the sections aforesaid of the County

Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868, as amended by any

subsequent enactment other than the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act,

1934. County Courts Ch. 53.

Act, 1934.

continue to have effect as they had effect immediately before the

said date.

9. In relation to any appeal from a judgment, direction,

decision or order of a judge of county course given or made on

or before such date as may have been appointed by the Lord

Chancellor under subsection (1) of section two of the Administration of Justice (Appeals) Act, 1934, sections one hundred

and five, one hundred and six, one hundred and nine, and one

hundred and ten of this Act shall have effect as if the words

" High Court " were substituted for the words "Court of Appeal "

wherever those words occur, except in the second and third

places when they occur in subsection (3) of section one hundred

and six.

10. If section twenty-one of the County Courts (Amendment)

Act, 1934, came into operation after the end of the month of

February in any year, section one hundred and seventy-three of the County Courts Act, 1888, shall, notwithstanding anything in

this Act, or in the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, not

cease to have effect until the first day of January next following

the date on which the said section twenty-one came into operation.

11. Nothing in any provision of the County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934, or in any provision of this Act re-enacting any

provision of that Act, shall restrict the jurisdiction of a county

court to hear and determine any proceedings commenced in the

court before that provision of the County Courts (Amendment)

Act, 1934, came into operation.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Short Title,

Extent of Repeal.

20 & 21 Vict.

The Court of Probate Act,

Sections fifty-five, fifty-six,

c. 77.

1857.

and fifty-seven.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 71.

The County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act,

1868.

The whole Act.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 51.

The County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction

Amendment Act, 1869.

The whole Act.

33 & 34 Vict,

c. 15.

The County Court (Buildings) Act, 1870.

The whole Act.

611

4th Sch.

— cant.

24<fe 25

Geo. 5. o. 40.

Section 193.

612

Ch. 53.

County Courts 24 & 25 Geo. 5,

Act, 1934.

6th Sch.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

35 & 36 Vict.

The Judges Salaries Act,

The 'whole Act in so far as

o. 51.

1872.

it relates to judges of

county courts.

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 52.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1883

i

i

Sections forty - two, one

hundred and twenty-two,

and one hundred and

twenty - Beven; section

one hundred and forty-

five in so far as it relates

to sales by a high bailiff

or other officer of a

county court.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

The County Courts Act,

1888.

The whole Act.

53 & 64 Vict,

c. 71.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1890

Section twelve in so far as

it relates to sales by a

high bailiff or other

officer of a county court,

and section twenty-eight.

3 Edw. 7. c. 42

The County Courts Act,

1903.

The whole Act.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

The Bankruptcy and Deeds

Section fifteen in so far as

c. 34.

of Arrangement Act,

1913.

it relates to sales by a

high bailiff or other

officer of a county court,

and section eighteen.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 70.

The County Court Judges

(Retirement Pensions and

Deputies) Act, 1919.

The whole Act.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 73.

The County Courts Act,

1919.

The whole Act.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. cxxxiv.

The Mayor’s and City of

London Court Act,

1920.

Section nine.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.

The Administration of

Subsection (2) of section

c. 81.

Justice Act, 1920.

three and section fifteen

in so far as they relate

to county courts.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The County Courts Act,

Sections one and two;

c. 17.

1924.

in subsection (1) of section

three the words "in con-

" nection with any court

"such assistant registrars,

" clerks, bailiffs, ushers

" and messengers, and, "

the words "of the court

or " and the word

" respectively " in both

places where that word

1934.

County Courts

Act, 1934.

Ch. 53.

613

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The County Courts Act,

c. 17— cont. 1924— cont.

15 & 16 Geo. 5

c. 28.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 49.

The Administration of

Justice Act, 1925.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Extent of Repeal.

occurs; subsections (2),

(3), (4) and (5) of section

three; subsections (3) and

(4) of section four, and in

subsection (5) the words

" as they apply to registrars of county courts ";

in subsection (5) of section

five the words "a registrar, a high bailiff, or ";

sections seven, eight and

nine; in subsection (1)

of section eleven the

words from " and shall "

to the end of the subsection; in subsection (2) of

section eleven the definitions of " court, " " registrar, " " the principal

Act, " " solicitor " and

" prescribed, " and in the

definition of " court service " the words "em-

" ployment as an assist-

" ant registrar or as a

" clerk, bailiff, usher or

" messenger in the ser-

" vice of a court or, " and

the words "and includes

" employment in those

" capacities simultane-

" ously "; subsections

(3) and (5) of section

eleven; paragraph 4 of the First Schedule; and

the Second and Third

Schedules.

Section twenty.

Paragraph (k) of subsection (1) of section

thirty-one; paragraphs

(a) (6) and (c) of subsection (1) of section

thirty-three and subsection (3) of that section; in section one hundred and fifty the words

from " Provided that "

6rn Sgh.

—cont.

614

Ch. 53

County Courts

Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

6th Soh.

— eont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

16 & 16 Geo.6.

c. 49— cont.

18 & 19 Geo.5.

c. 26.

23 & 24 Geo. 6.

c. 36.

24 & 25 Geo. 6.

c. 17.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925— cont.

The Administration of

Justice Act, 1928.

The Administration of

Justice (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1933.

The County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934.

The Administration of

Justice (Appeals) Act,

1934.

to the end of the section; section two hundred and two in so far as

it relates to county

courts; sections two

hundred and four and

two hundred and five.

Sections seventeen and

eighteen; subsection (2)

of section nineteen, and

Part II of the First

Schedule.

Subsections (2), (3) and (4)

of section four.

The whole Act.

In subsection (1) of section

two the words "Part I

of ", the words "and the

" enactments set out in

" the first column of Part

" II of the said Sche-

" dule " and the words

" of those Parts "; subsection (2) of section two;

Part I of the Schedule in

so far as it relates to

section twenty-six of the

County Courts Admiralty

Jurisdiction Act, 1868, to

section one hundred and

twenty of the County

Courts Act, 1888, and to

section fifteen of the

County Courts (Amendment) Act, 1934; and

Parts II and III of the

Schedule.

1934.

Cattle Industry

{Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934.

Ch. 54.

615

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Cattle

Fund; for the making of payments and advances

to the said fund out of moneys provided by Parliament and out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom; for the making of payments out of the Cattle Fund to producers of

cattle in respect of the sale by them, during a

limited period, of certain cattle or carcases of

certain cattle; for the marking of imported

cattle; for the appointment of a Cattle Committee; and for purposes connected with the

matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be Establish -

established a fund (which shall be called, and is herein- ment of >

after referred to as, " the Cattle Fund "), and that

fund shall, subject to such directions as may be given cattle Fund

by the Treasury, be administered and controlled by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretaries

of State concerned with agriculture in Scotland and

Northern Ireland respectively (hereinafter referred to

as " the appropriate Ministers ").

(2) The Treasury may, during the financial year

ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and thirty-five, make, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof,

advances to the Cattle Fund not exceeding in the aggregate three million pounds, but any advances made under

this subsection to the Cattle Fund shall be repaid from

that fund to the Exchequer of the United Kingdom

before the end of that financial year.

(3) There shall be paid into the Cattle Fund out of

moneys provided by Parliament such sums as Parliament

may determine.

Ch. 54.

616

Payments

out of

Cattle Fund

to producers

of cattle.

Cattle Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the

appropriate Ministers may, in accordance with any

arrangements approved by them for the purposes of this section, make out of the Cattle Fund payments to

producers of cattle in respect of—

(a) steers, heifers or cow-heifers certified in

accordance with the arrangements to conform

with a standard prescribed by regulations of the

said Ministers; or

(b) carcases of such steers, heifers or cow-heifers as

have been so certified to conform with that

standard,

being animals or carcases, as the case may be, which have

been sold in the United Kingdom by such producers

during a period beginning on such day after the end

of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, as those

Ministers may appoint, and ending on the thirty-first

day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

Regulations made for the purposes of this subsection may prescribe different standards in relation to

different descriptions of cattle.

(2) Every payment under this section shall—

(a) in the case of any live animal, be an amount

computed on the weight of the animal as at

the time when it was certified for the purposes

of the foregoing subsection, at such rate per

hundredweight, not exceeding five shillings,

as may be specified in an order made by the

appropriate Ministers and approved by the

Treasury; or

(b) in the case of any carcase, be an amount

computed on the weight of the carcase at

such rate per hundredweight, not exceeding

nine shillings and fourpence, as may be

specified in an order so made and approved

as aforesaid;

and such an order as aforesaid may provide for the

weight of any animal being determined for the purposes

of this section in such manner, and subject to such

deduction, as may be prescribed by the order, and may

further provide that no certificate shall be issued for

1934.

Cattle Industry

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934.

Ch. 54.

617

the purposes of this section in respect of any animal

weighing less than such weight as may be specified in

that behalf in the order.

(3) An application for the issue of a certificate for the

purposes of this section in respect of an animal shall not

be granted, if it appears to the person whose function it is

to entertain the application either that the animal has

been castrated after attaining the age of nine months, or

that the animal is in milk or is more than five months

advanced in pregnancy.

(4) An application for the issue of a certificate for

the purposes of this section in respect of an animal imported into the United Kingdom shall not be granted

unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the person

whose function it is to entertain the application that the

animal has been in the United Kingdom for a continuous

period of at least three months.

(5) No payment under this section shall be made

in respect of the carcase of any animal, unless the

carcase has been dressed in accordance with regulations

of the appropriate Ministers.

(6) As soon as may be after they have approved

any arrangements for the purposes of this section, the

appropriate Ministers shall lay particulars of the

arrangements before both Houses of Parliament, and any

regulations made for the purposes of this section shall,

as soon as may be after they are made, be laid before

both Houses of Parliament.

(7) Every order under this section shall, as soon as

may be after it is made, be laid before the Commons

House of Parliament, and if that House, within the next

subsequent twenty days on which the House has sat

after the order is laid before it, resolves that the order

be annulled, the order shall thenceforth be void, but

without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new order.

3. — (1) With a view to ensuring the due making of Marking of

payments to producers of cattle in accordance with this imported

Act, the appropriate Ministers shall by order provide cattle -

(subject to such exceptions, if any, as may be specified

in the order) for the marking of cattle imported into the

United Kingdom, and an order under thus section may

618 Ch. 54. Cattle Industry 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

{Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934.

contain such provisions as appear to the appropriate

Mini sters to be necessary for giving effect to the order:

Provided that an order under this section shall not

apply in relation to any cattle imported into the

United Kingdom after the end of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five.

(2) If any person —

(a) contravenes or fails to comply with any order

under this section; or

(b) with intent to deceive, alters or defaces any

mark placed on any animal for the purposes of

such an order;

he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such

imprisonment.

(3) An order under this section shall, as soon as

may be after it is made, be laid before both Houses of

Parliament.

The Cattle 4.—(1) The appropriate Ministers shall appoint a

Committee. Committee (hereinafter referred to as " the Cattle Committee"), whose duty it shall be to advise those

Ministers generally in the discharge of their functions

under this Act, and to prepare and submit to those

Ministers particulars of such arrangements as are mentioned in section two of this Act, and, if those Ministers

so direct, to carry into effect any such arrangements

approved by them.

(2) The appropriate Ministers may appoint a

secretary to the Cattle Committee, and the Committee

may employ such officers, agents and servants as

those Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury, may

determine.

(3) The appropriate Ministers may pay such remuneration to the members of the Cattle Committee and to

the secretary, officers, agents and servants of the

Committee, and such other expenses of the Committee,

as those Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury,

may determine.

(4) The expenses incurred by the appropriate

Ministers in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection.

1934.

Cattle Industry

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934.

Ch. 54.

619

and such other expenses as may, with the approval of the Treasury, have been incurred by those Ministers for

the purposes of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the

Cattle Fund.

5. —(1) For the purposes of this Act— Interpre-

(a) a person shall be taken to be a producer of tatio P>. and

cattle if he is a person whose business it is to ordora

to keep cattle in the United Kingdom for andregula-

the purpose of selling them in an improved tions and as

condition; to accounts

(b) the expression "cow-heifer" means any female Fond.

bovine animal which has calved, but which

has not grown more than six permanent

incisor teeth; and

(c) cattle removed from the Isle of Man into the

United Kingdom shall be deemed to be

imported into the United Kingdom.

(2) The power or duty to make an order under any of the provisions of this Act shall be construed as including

a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject

to the like restrictions and approval, if any, to vary or

revoke the order by a subsequent order, and all orders

and regulations made for the purposes of this Act shall,

notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section

one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, be deemed not 50 & 57

to be statutory rules to which that section applies. Vict. o. 66.

(3) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries shall

prepare, in such form and manner, at such time, and

with respect to such period, as the Treasury may direct,

an account of receipts into, and payments out of, the

Cattle Fund, and the Comptroller and Auditor General

shall examine and certify the account and shall lay copies

of the account, together with his report thereon, before

both Houses of Parliament.

6. This Act may be cited as the Cattle Industry Short title.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934.

620 Ch. 55. Bindings Agreement 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Approval) Act, 1934.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to approve an agreement made on behalf

of His Majesty with the Sultan of Perak.

[16th November 1934.]

WHEREAS by an agreement made, subject to the

approval of Parliament, on the sixth day of June,

nineteen hundred and thirty-four, (being the agreement

set out in the Schedule to this Act) provision is made for

the cession by His Majesty to His Highness the Sultan of

Perak of the territory known as the Dindings, formerly

a part of the State of Perak:

And whereas it is expedient to give such approval:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The approval of Parliament is hereby given to

the agreement set out in the Schedule to this Act, and it

shall be lawful for His Majesty to do everything that

appears to His Majesty necessary or proper for carrying

that agreement into effect.

2. This Act may be cited as the Dindings Agreement

(Approval) Act, 1934.

Approval

of agreement for

cession of

the

Dindings.

Short title.

SCHEDULE.

AGREEMENT made between His Excellency Andrew

Caldecott, Esquire, C.M.G., C.B.E., Officer Administering the Government of the Colony of the

Straits Settlements, on behalf of His Majesty the

King of Great Britain, Ireland and the British

Dominions beyond the Seas, Emperor of India,

and His Highness the Sultan of Perak.

WHEREAS by agreement signed on the 18th October 1826 and

20th January 1874, to which His Majesty the King of Great

Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions beyond the Seas,

1934.

Dindings Agreement

(Approval) Act, 1934.

Ch. 55.

621

Emperor of India, hereinafter styled His Majesty, and His

Highness the Sultan of Perak, hereinafter styled His Highness,

are parties, the territory therein defined and known as the

Dindings, formerly a part of the State of Perak, was ceded by the

Ruler and Chiefs of Perak:

And whereas His Majesty, in token of the friendship which

he bears towards His Highness, is willing that the said territory

shall once again form part of the State of Perak:

It is hereby agreed as follows:—

1. His Highness shall as from the date of the entry into force

of this agreement have full sovereign rights and title over the

territory of the Dindings and such territory shall once more

form part of the State of Perak.

2. Nothing in this agreement shall operate to affect the

nationality of any persons domiciled or ordinarily resident in the

territory of the Dindings at the date of the entry into force of this agreement.

3. All treaties and agreements applicable to the State of

Perak at the date of entry into force of this agreement shall

thenceforward apply to the territory of the Dindings.

4. All rights to property which private persons or corporations have acquired in the territory of the Dindings at the date

of entry into force of this agreement shall be maintained and all

such persons or corporations shall retain their property, provided

that in the place of the titles to immovable property possessed

by such persons or corporations at that date there shall be

substituted documents of title issued in accordance with the law

in force in Perak and conveying as nearly as may be the same

rights in such property.

5. The Government of Perak will pass such legislation as

may be necessary to make the law of Perak applicable as from

the date of the entry into force of this agreement to the territory

of the Dindings.

6. The Government of Perak will pay to the Government

of the Straits Settlements the sum of $86, 850 (dollars eighty-six

thousand eight hundred and fifty) in respect of the buildings,

bridges, roads or other immovable property of the Government

of the Straits Settlements in the territory of the Dindings.

7. This agreement shall enter into force three months after

the date on which an Act of the Parliament of the United

Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland approving the

agreement has been passed into law. His Excellency the Governor

of the Straits Settlements will inform His Highness of the date

on which the said Act passes into law.

622

Ch. 55, 56.

Dindings Agreement 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Approval) Act, 1934.

Penalty on persons endeavour-

lng to seduce

members ot His

Majesty’s forces

from their duty

or allegiance.

Provisions

for the prevention and

detection of

In witness whereof, His Excellency Andrew Caldecott,

Esquire, C.M.G., C.B.E., and His Highness Sultan Iskandar

Shah, G.C.M.G., K.C.V.O., inbi al-Marhum Sultan Idris

Rahmat-u’llah Shah have set their respective seals and

signatures.

Dated at Singapore this sixth day of June 1934.

(Signature) A. Caldecott.

(Witness) G. L. Ham,

Acting Colonial Secretary, S.S.

R. A. Iskandar.

Witness) G. E. Cator,

British Resident, Perak.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to make better provision for the prevention and punishment of endeavours to seduce

members of His Majesty’s forces from their

duty or allegiance.

[16th November 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, If any person maliciously and advisedly endeavours to seduce any member of His Majesty’s forces

from his duty or allegiance to His Majesty, he shall be

guilty of an offence under this Act.

2.—(1) If any person, with intent to commit or to

aid, abet, counsel, or procure the commission of an

offence under section one of this Act, has in his possession

1934.

Incitement

to Disaffection Act, 1934.

Ch. 56.

623

or under his control any document of such a nature that offences

the dissemination of copies thereof among members of under this

His Majesty’s forces would constitute such an offence, Act -

he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(2) If a judge of the High Court is satisfied by

information on oath that there is reasonable ground

for suspecting that an offence under this Act has been

committed, and that evidence of the commission thereof

is to be found at any premises or place specified in the

information, he may, on an application made by an

officer of police of a rank not lower than that of

inspector, grant a search warrant authorising any such

officer as aforesaid named in the warrant together with

any other persons named in the warrant and any other

officers of police to enter the premises or place at any

time within one month from the date of the warrant, if

necessary by force, and to search the premises or place

and every person found therein, and to seize anything

found on the premises or place or on any such person

which the officer has reasonable ground for suspecting

to be evidence of the commission of such an offence as

aforesaid:

Provided that—

(a) a search warrant shall only be issued in respect

of an offence suspected to have been committed

within the three months prior to the laying of the information thereof; and

(b) if a search warrant under this Act has been

executed on any premises, it shall be the

duty of the officer of police who has conducted or directed the search to notify the

occupier that the search has taken place, and

to supply him with a list of any documents

or other objects which have been removed

from the premises, and where any documents

have been removed from any other person

to supply that person with a list of such

documents.

(3) No woman shall, in pursuance of a warrant

issued under the last foregoing subsection, be searched

except by a woman.

(4) Anything seized under this section may be

retained for a period not exceeding one month, or if

624

Ch. 56.

Incitement 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

to Disaffection Act, 1934.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 30.

Provisions

as to

punishment

of offences.

Short title

and application to

Scotland

and

Northern

Ireland.

within that period proceedings are commenced for an

offence under this Act until the conclusion of those

proceedings, and subject as aforesaid, and to the provisions of this Act conferring powers on courts dealing

with offences, the Police (Property) Act, 1897 (which

makes provision with respect to the disposal of property

in the possession of the police), shall apply to property

which has come into the possession of the police under

this section as it applies to property which has come

into the possession of the police in the circumstances

mentioned in that Act.

3. —(1) A person guilty of an offence under this Act

shall be liable, on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine

not exceeding two hundred pounds, or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four

months or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or

(whether on conviction on indictment or on summary

conviction) to both such imprisonment and fine.

(2) No prosecution in England under this Act shall

take place without the consent of the Director of Public

Prosecutions.

(3) Where a prosecution under this Act is being

carried on by the Director of Public Prosecutions, a

court of summary jurisdiction shall not deal with the

case summarily without the consent of the Director.

(4) Where any person is convicted of an offence

under this Act, the court dealing with the case may order

any documents connected with the offence to be destroyed

or dealt with in such other manner as may be specified

in the order, but no documents shall be destroyed before

the expiration of the period within which an appeal may

be lodged, and if an appeal is lodged no document shall

be destroyed until after the appeal has been heard and

decided.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Incitement to

Disaffection Act, 1934.

(2) This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the

following modifications:—

(a) subsection (2) of section two shall have effect

as if for references to a judge of the High

Court there were substituted references to the

1934.

Incitement

to Disaffection Act, 1934.

Ch. 56, 57.

625

sheriff, and any application for a search

warrant under the said subsection shall be

made by the procurator fiscal instead of such

officer as is therein mentioned;

(b) subsection (4) of section two shall not apply

provided that anything seized under that section

may be retained for a period not exceeding one

month, or if within that period proceedings are

commenced for an offence under this Act until

the conclusion of those proceedings, and subject

as aforesaid and to the provisions of any enactment, including this Act, conferring powers on

courts dealing with offences, any property which

has come into the possession of the police under

this section shall be returned to the owner, or,

if the owner cannot be ascertained, shall be

disposed of in such manner as the sheriff, in a

summary application made to him, may direct;

(c) the powers conferred by this Act on the sheriff

shall not be exercisable by an honorary sheriff

substitute.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to

Northern Ireland, and in the application thereof to

Northern Ireland the provisions of this Act requiring

the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions to

the summary trial of cases shall have effect as if

references to the Attorney-General for Northern Ireland

were therein substituted for references to the Director of

Public Prosecutions.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[16th November 1934.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act are, in so far as they are in force and

are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on

the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

thirty-four:

R r

626

Ch. 67.

Expiring Laws 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act, 1934.

Continuance

of Acts in

Schedule.

Short title

and applica

tion to

Northern

Ireland.

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that

Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of

December, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

(2) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary

in their duration, shall, in so far as they amend or

affect the enactments continued by the foregoing

provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner,

whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act

or not.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1934.

(2) Tins Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so

far as it deals with any enactment relating to a subject

with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as

hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern

Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Act.

(1)

4Edw.7. c.24

The Wireless Tele-

The whole Act -

6 Edw. 7.

graphy Act, 1904.

c. 13.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 67.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

c. 54.

1934

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1934.

Ch. 57

627

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Act.

(2)

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

o. 2.

The Coal Mines

(Minimum Wage)

Act, 1912.

The whole Act.

(3)

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Statutory Under-

So far as it relates

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 34.

takings (Temporary

Increase of Charges)

Act, 1918.

to tramway

undertakings.

o. 14.

(4)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 92.

The Aliens Restriction (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

Section one.

(5)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Land Settle-

Section two

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 97.

ment (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

c. 52.

(6)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Harbours, Docks

The whole Act -

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

and Piers (Temporary Increase of

Charges) Act, 1920.

c. 23.

(?)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Ministry of

Sofarasitautho-

c. 47.

Food (Continuance)

Act, 1920.

risesthe making

or revoking, in

whole or in part,

of Part III. of the Sale of Food

Order, 1921, and

provides for the

enforcement,

and imposes

penalties for the

breach, thereof.

(8)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Unemployment

The whole Act -

20 & 21 Geo.5.

c. 57.

(Relief Works) Act,

1920.

c. 50.

0)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 65.

The Employment of

Women, Young

Persons and Children Act, 1920.

Section two.

(10)

12 & 13 Geo.5.

The Canals (Continu-

The whole Act -

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 27.

ance of Charging

Powers) Act, 1922.

Rr

2

c. 2.

628 Ch. 57, 58. Expiring Laws 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act, 1934.

1 .

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Act.

(11)

16 & 17 Geo.5.

e. 28.

The Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Section eighteen.

(12)

20 & 21 Geo.5.

The Public Works

The •whole Act,

c. 50.

Facilities Act, 1930.

except section

one.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to amend the law with respect to betting

on tracks where sporting events take place,

including the law with respect to totalisators

on horse racecourses; to authorise, subject to

restrictions, the establishment of totalisators

on dog racecourses; to prohibit betting on

tracks with young persons and pari mutuel

betting except by authorised totalisators; to

amend the law with respect to lotteries and

certain prize competitions; and for purposes

connected with the matters aforesaid.

[16th November 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Betting.

1.—(1) Betting by way of bookmaking or by means

of a totalisator shall not take place on any track—

(a) on more than one hundred and four days in any

year; nor

(6) on any Good Friday, Christmas Day or Sunday.

Restriction

of betting

on tracks.

1934.

Belting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

629

(2) If bookmaking is carried on, or a totalisator is

operated, by any person on any track on a day on which

betting on that track is prohibited by this section, that

person, and if he is not the occupier of the track, the

occupier also, shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that where the occupier of a track is

charged with an offence by reason of a contravention of this section on the part of another person, it shall be a

defence for him to prove that the contravention occurred

without his knowledge.

2.—(1) Bookmaking shall not be carried on on any

track unless the occupier of the track is the holder of a

licence in force under this Part of this Act authorising

the provision of betting facilities on that track:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not apply in relation to—

(a) anything done on any track which is an approved

horse racecourse on any day on which that track

is used only for the purpose of horse races; or

(b) anything done on any track on any day if—

(i) during the year in which that day

falls bookmaking has not been carried on

on that track on more than seven previous

days; and

(ii) notice of the intention to permit bookmaking on that track on that day has been

given by post not less than seven clear days

beforehand by the occupier of the track to

the chief officer of police.

(2) Bookmaking shall not be carried on on any

licensed track on any day not being one of the days

appointed in accordance with this Part of this Act as

the days on which betting facilities may be provided on

licensed tracks in the licensing area in which the track

is situate.

(3) If bookmaking is carried on by any person on

any track on any day in contravention of this section,

that person, and, if he is not the occupier of the track,

the occupier also, shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that where the occupier of a track is

charged with an offence by reason of a contravention of this section on the part of another person, it shall be

Part I.

— cant.

Restriction

of book-

making on

tracks.

630

Part I,

— cont.

Restriction

of pari

mutuel or

pool betting.

18 & 19

Geo. 6. c. 41.

Restriction

of betting

on dog

racecourses.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

a defence for him to prove that the contravention

occurred without his knowledge.

3. —(1) No pari mutuel or pool betting business

shall be carried on on any track, except—

(a) on an approved horse racecourse by, or by

authority of, the Racecourse Betting Control

Board under the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928,

as amended by this Act, or

(b) on a licensed track being a dog racecourse, in

accordance with the provisions of this Act which

relate to totalisators on dog racecourses:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall

prohibit a person from receiving or negotiating bets on an

approved horse racecourse with a view to those bets

being made by means of a totalisator lawfully operated

on that course.

(2) Save as is permitted by the preceding subsection,

no person shall use any premises whether situate on a track

or not, or cause or knowingly permit any such premises

to be used, as a place where persons resorting thereto may

effect pari mutuel or pool betting transactions.

(3) Every person who contravenes any of the

provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence.

4. —(1) Betting by way of bookmaking or by means

of a totalisator shall not take place on any day on a track

being a dog racecourse, in connection with more than

eight dog races, and betting by way of bookmaking or by

means of a totalisator on the results of dog races shall

not take place on any day on such a track as aforesaid

except during one continuous period not exceeding four

hours:

Provided that, in relation to any of the four special

appointed days fixed in any year by the licensing authority

in accordance with this section, the foregoing provisions

of this subsection shall have effect as if there were therein

substituted for the word "eight " the word "sixteen "

and for the words "one continuous period not exceeding

four hours " the words "a period or periods not

exceeding eight hours in the aggregate."

(2) If bookmaking is carried on or a totalisator is

operated by any person on any track in contravention

of this section, that person, and if he is not the occupier

of the track, the occupier also, shall be guilty of an offence:

1934. Betting and Lotteries Ch. 58.

Act, 1934.

Provided that where the occupier of a track is

charged with an offence by reason of a contravention

of this section on the part of another person, it shall be a

defence for him to prove that the contravention occurred

without his knowledge.

(3) The licensing authority, when fixing the appointed

days for any year in accordance with this Part of this Act,

shall also fix four of those days (which four days shall

be the same for the whole of their licensing area) as the

special appointed days for the purposes of subsection (1)

of this section.

5.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the councils

of administrative counties and the councils of county

boroughs shall, in relation to their respective areas, be the

authorities empowered to grant licences under this Part

of this Act authorising the provision of betting facilities

on tracks:

Provided that—

(a) any such council may delegate their functions

under this Part of this Act to a committee

consisting of members of the council; and

(b) any two or more such councils may combine

in delegating their functions under this Part

of this Act to a joint committee consisting of

members of the constituent councils; and

(c) a county council may delegate their functions

under this Part of this Act to the standing

joint committee of quarter sessions and of the county council appointed under section

thirty of the Local Government Act, 1888.

(2) If a county council elect under the foregoing

provisions of this section to delegate their functions

under this Part of this Act to the standing joint committee, it shall be the duty of that committee to discharge

those functions so long as the delegation is in force.

(3) Where functions under this Part of this Act are

delegated to a committee or joint committee, the number

and term of office of the members thereof shall, in the

case of a committee or joint committee specially appointed

for the purpose, be fixed by the appointing council

or councils, and, subject to the provisions of this Part

of this Act and to any directions given by the

appointing council or councils, the procedure of the

631

Part I.

— cent.

Licensing

authorities.

51 & 52 Vict«

o. 41.

632

Part I.

— cont.

23 & 24

Geo. 5. c. 51.

Notices of,

and procedure with

respect to,

applications

for licences.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

committee or joint committee shall be such as they

may themselves determine.

(4) Any expenses incurred in the execution of this Part of this Act by a standing joint committee shall

be defrayed by the council of the county, and any

expenses so incurred by any other joint committee shall

be defrayed by the appointing councils in such shares as

may be agreed.

(5) A standing joint committee to whom the

functions of a county council under this Part of this Act

are delegated under this section shall have such powers

as are conferred on councils of counties and county boroughs by paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1)

of this section, and accordingly references in that

paragraph and in subsections (3) and (4) of this section

to a council or councils shall be construed as including

references to such a standing joint committee as aforesaid.

(6) Section two hundred and seventy-four of the

Local Government Act, 1933, shall not apply in relation

to the functions of a county council under this Part of this Act.

6.—(1) Every licensing authority shall, as soon as

maybe after the passing of this Act, and may subsequently

from time to time, fix the dates on which they will

entertain applications from the occupiers of tracks within

their licensing area for the grant of licences, and shall

cause information as to the dates so fixed to be given to

any person who asks for it.

The dates first so fixed shall be such as will enable

licences to be granted so as to take effect on the

first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

(2) No application for a licence shall be entertained

unless, at least two months before the date on which the

application is made, the applicant has given to the

licensing authority, to the council of the county district

or metropolitan borough in which the track or any part

thereof is situate, to the responsible authority under any

planning scheme in force in an area which includes the

track or any part thereof and to the chief officer of

police notice in writing stating that it is intended to

make the application on that date, and containing such

particulars as are hereinafter mentioned, and has also

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

633

published such a notice in at least two newspapers

circulating in the locality in which the track is situate.

The notice required by this subsection shall describe

the situation of the track and the number and position

of the exits provided or intended to be provided, and

state the number of spectators for whom accommodation is provided or is intended to be provided.

(3) Every such notice as aforesaid given in respect

of any track to the licensing authority shall, until the

hearing of the application to which the notice relates,

be kept by the licensing authority at their offices so as

to be available, at any time during office hours, for

inspection by any member of the public free of charge.

(4) Subject as hereinafter provided, upon the consideration by the licensing authority of an application

for the grant of a licence, the following persons, in addition

to the applicant, shall be entitled to be heard in person

or by a representative, that is to say, the chief officer of

police, any responsible authority under a planning scheme

in force in an area which includes the track or any part

thereof, the council of the county district or metropolitan

borough in which the track or any part thereof is situate,

the local authority of any district adjoining that county

district or metropolitan borough, any person owning or

occupying premises in the neighbourhood of the track

and the governing body of any school or institution in

the neighbourhood of the track:

Provided that—

(a) no objector shall be heard unless he has given

to the applicant and to the licensing authority

at least seven days notice in writing of the

grounds on wh:ch he proposes to contend that

the application ought to be refused; and

(b) no local authority shall be entitled to be heard

as objectors if the licensing authority are a

committee of that local authority, or a joint

committee including persons appointed by

that local authority.

In this subsection the expression "local authority "

means any of the following councils, that is to say, the

council of an administrative county or of a county

borough, metropolitan borough or county district and the

common council of the city of London; and the expression

Part I.

— cont.

634

Ch. 58.

Part I.

— cord.

Discretion

of licensing

authority as

to grant of

licences.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

"district" means, in relation to a local authority, the

area for which that authority acts.

(5) An application for the grant of a licence in

respect of a track which it is proposed to construct may

be made by a person who proposes to become the occupier

of the track if a licence is granted, and, in relation to

such an application, any reference in this or the next

following section to a track shall be construed as

including a reference to the site of the proposed track.

7.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the licensing

authority may refuse to grant a licence in respect of any

track—

(a) if they are satisfied that, in the event of the

licence being granted, the existence or user of the track—

(i) would injuriously affect either the health

or the comfort of persons residing in the

neighbourhood of the track, or be detrimental

to the interests of persons receiving instruction,

or residing, in any school or institution in that

neighbourhood; or

(ii) would seriously impair the amenities of

that neighbourhood; or

(iii) would result in undue congestion of

traffic, or seriously prejudice the preservation

of law and order; or

(b) if the applicant or, where the applicant is a

corporate body, any director or the manager

thereof has been convicted of any offence

under this Part of this Act or under the First

Schedule to this Act or of any offence involving

fraud or dishonesty,

and, where the track, or any part thereof, is situate in

an area—

(a) in which there is in force a planning scheme

under which the consent of the planning

authority to the establishment or continuance

of the track is necessary; or

(6) with respect to which a resolution to prepare or

adopt a planning scheme has taken effect, but

no such scheme is in force,

the licensing authority shall either refuse to grant a

licence unless they are satisfied that the planning autho-

1934.

Belting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

635

rity have consented to the establishment or continuance Part I.

of the track, or shall grant a licence but suspend its —cooperation until the planning authority have notified their

consent in writing to the licensing authority:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this

subsection shall not apply in relation to any application

for the first licence in respect of an existing track, as

defined in the next following section of this Act, if the

applicant has elected to make his application under

that section and the conditions imposed by that section

in connection with applications made thereunder have

been complied with.

(2) Save as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection or, as the case may be, in the next following

section of this Act, the licensing authority shall not

refuse any application for the grant of a licence.

(3) Where the licensing authority refuse an application for the grant of a licence, they shall send to the

applicant by post a written statement of the grounds of

their refusal.

8.—(1) The provisions of this section apply in Special

relation to any track on which on more than eight days provisions

in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-three book- " to fira *

making was carried on in connection with sporting

events on that track, and every such track is hereafter existing

in this section referred to as " an existing track." tracks.

(2) An application for a licence in respect of an

existing track made on any such date fixed by the

licensing authority under subsection (1) of section six

of this Act as falls before the first day of July, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five, shall be granted by the licensing

authority if, but shall be refused by them unless—

(a) at least two months before the application

is made the applicant—

(i) has delivered to the licensing authority

and to the chief officer of police a written

notice describing the situation of the track

and stating that he intends to make application on that date claiming the grant of the

licence by virtue of this section, and also a

written declaration signed by the applicant,

or, where the applicant is a corporate body,

by two directors thereof, specifying not less

636

Part I.

— cont.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

than nine days in the year nineteen hundred

and thirty-three on which bookmaking was

carried on on the track in connection with

sporting events thereon and, as. respects

each of the days specified, the kinds of

sporting events in connection with which

bookmaking was carried on on the track on

that day; and

(ii) has published the said notice and a

copy of the said declaration in at least two

newspapers circulating in the locality in

which the track is situate; and

(b) the licensing authority have no reason to

believe that the statements contained in the

said declaration are untrue in any material

particular.

(3) Every such declaration as aforesaid delivered

to the licensing authority in connection with any application for a licence shall, until the hearing of the application, and, if the application is granted, so long as the

licence remains in force, be kept by the licensing authority

at their offices so as to be available at any time during

office hours for inspection by any member of the public

free of charge.

(4) Where an application for a licence in respect of

an existing track is made under this section, then,

if the conditions laid down in paragraph (a) of subsection

(2) of this section have been complied with, no objection

to the grant of the licence shall be entertained by the

licensing authority except an objection made on the

ground that the statements contained in the declaration

made by the applicant for the purposes of paragraph (a)

of that subsection are untrue.

Save as aforesaid, the provisions of subsection (4)

of section six of this Act shall apply in relation to any

such application.

(5) A licence granted by virtue of this section in

respect of an existing track—

(a) shall, unless revoked or cancelled under the

following provisions of this Part of this Act,

be in force from the date on which it is expressed to take effect until the expiration of five

years from the beginning of July, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five; and

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

637

(b) shall be expressed to authorise the provision Part I.

of betting facilities on the track in connection — cont.

with such kinds of sporting events only as may

be specified in the licence, being the same

kinds of sporting events as are specified in the

declaration delivered to the licensing authority

under subsection (2) of this section in connection with the application for the grant of the licence;

and so far as regards the carrying on of bookmaking,

on the track in connection with any kind of sporting

event not specified in the licence, the track shall be

deemed, for the purposes of subsection (1) of section

two of this Act, not to be a licensed track.

(6) Every person who knowingly makes any false

statement in a declaration delivered to the licensing

authority in pursuance of this section shall be guilty of

an offence.

9.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the last preceding Duration

section as to the first licences granted in respect of and transfer

certain tracks, a licence shall, unless revoked or cancelled of licences

under the following provisions of this Part of this Act, be respectTof *

in force for seven years from the date on which it is licences and

expressed to take effect. transfers.

(2) The licensing authority, if they think fit, may at

any time, on an application made to them after notice

in writing to the chief officer of police, direct that a

licence granted to any person in respect of a track, or

the site of a proposed track, within their licensing area

shall be transferred to another person, and thereupon

the transferee shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be

deemed to be the holder of the licence:

Provided that, if the transferee is not the occupier

of the track or the site, the transfer shall not take effect

until he becomes the occupier thereof.

(3) In the event of the death of the holder of a

licence, his legal personal representative shall, during the

period of three months from the date of the death, be

deemed to be the holder of the licence, notwithstanding

that it has not been transferred to him .

(4) The licensing authority shall, upon receiving

from the holder of a licence for the time being in force

a written request in that behalf accompanied by the

638 Ch. 68. Belting and Lotteries 24 <fe 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

licence, cancel the licence, which shall thereupon cease

to be in force.

(5) In respect of any application for a licence, such

fee not exceeding ten pounds as the licensing authority

may from time to time fix for their licensing area, shall

be payable by the applicant before the hearing of the

application, but, if the licence is granted, the fee so paid

shall be treated as a payment on account of the first

annual payment to be made in respect of the licence under

the next following subsection.

(6) In respect of every licence, such annual fee

not exceeding fifty pounds as the licensing authority

may fix annually shall be payable during the currency

of the licence by the person who is for the time being

the holder thereof, and the first of such payments shall

be made on the day on which the licence takes effect,

and subsequent payments shall be made at intervals of

twelve months thereafter.

(7) In respect of any transfer of a licence, such

fee not exceeding ten pounds as the licensing authority

may from time to time fix for their area shall be payable

by the person to whom the licence is transferred.

(8) Every fee which by virtue of this section is

payable by any person shall be recoverable from that

person by the licensing authority as a debt due from

him to them.

(9) A standing joint committee who receive any sum

in respect of fees paid under this section, shall pay, or

account for, that sum to the county council represented

on the committee.

10.-(1) Not later than the end of May in each year,

every licensing authority shall, subject to the provisions

of this section, fix one hundred and four days in the

year which begins on the first day of July next following,

as the days on which betting facilities may be provided on

licensed tracks within their licensing area, and the days

fixed in pursuance of this section are in this Part of tills

Act referred to as " appointed days ":

Provided that a licensing authority shall not be

bound to fix in advance appointed days in any year

if it appears to them that at the commencement of

that year no licence in respect of a track in their licensing

area will be in force, but, if they avail themselves of this

Fixing of

days on

which

betting

facilities

may be

provided.

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

639

provision, then, so soon as they grant a licence to take

effect on any date during that year, they shall proceed

to fix appointed days in the period between the day

preceding that date and the first day of the next year,

and the number of the days to be so fixed shall be twice

the number of the complete weeks in that period.

(2) The appointed days fixed by a licensing authority

shall be the same for the whole of their licensing area,

and shall not include any Good Friday, Christmas Day

or Sunday.

(3) The following provisions shall have effect in

relation to the fixing of appointed days for any year :—

(a) at least one month before fixing appointed days

for the year, the licensing authority shall publish

in at least two newspapers circulating in their

licensing area a notice of their intention so to do;

(b) if, within the period of one month from the date

of the publication of the said notice, the licensing

authority receive a written notice signed—

(i) in the case of the fixing of appointed

days for the year beginning on the first day

of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-five, by

all the persons who have given to the licensing

authority notice in writing of their intention to

apply for licences in respect of tracks in the

licensing area; or

(ii) in any other case by all the holders of

licences in force in respect of tracks in the

licensing area;

stating that the signatories unanimously desire

that the appointed days in that year should be

the days specified in the notice given under this

paragraph, then, if those days are days which

might lawfully be fixed under the foregoing

provisions of this section as the appointed days

for the year, the licensing authority shall fix

as those appointed days the days so specified;

(c) unless the licensing authority fix the appointed

days for the year in accordance with paragraph

(b) of this subsection, the authority shall, before

fixing those days, consider any representations

which may, during the period of one month

from the date of the publication of the notice

required by paragraph (a) of this subsection,

Part I.

— cont.

640

Part I.

— amt.

Establishment of

totalisators

on dog racecourses.

Ch. 68. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

have been made to the licensing authority in

writing by the chief officer of police, or by any

person who is the holder of a licence in force in

respect of a track in the licensing area or who has

given to the licensing authority notice in writing

of his intention to apply for a licence in respect

of such a track;

(d) the licensing authority shall, on being requested

by any person so to do, inform that person as to

the latest time by which a notice under paragraph

(b) or a representation under paragraph (c) of this

subsection must be received by the licensing

authority if it is to be effective.

(4) In this section the expression "week" means a

period of seven consecutive days beginning on a Sunday.

11.—(1) Notwithstanding any enactment or rule of

law to the contrary, it shall be lawful on any licensed

track being a dog racecourse for the occupier of the

track or any person authorised by him in writing—

(a) to set up and keep a totalisator, whether in a

building or not; and

(b) on any appointed day, while the public are

admitted to the track for the purpose of

attending dog races and no other sporting

events are taking place on the track, to operate

a totalisator so set up, but only for effecting with

persons resorting to the track betting transactions on dog races run on that track on that day;

and for any person to effect betting transactions by

means of a totalisator lawfully operated.

(2) The occupier of a licensed track—

(a) shall not, so long as a totalisator is being

lawfully operated on the track, exclude any

person from the track by reason only that he

proposes to carry on bookmaking on the

track; and

(b) shall take such steps as are necessary to

secure that, so long as a totalisator is being

lawfully operated on the track, there is

available for bookmakers space on the track

where they can conveniently carry on bookmaking in connection with dog races run on

the track on that day;

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

641

and every person who contravenes, or fails to comply

with, any of the provisions of this subsection shall be

guilty of an offence.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act

shall have effect with respect to every totalisator

operated in pursuance of this section on a licensed track

being a dog racecourse, and if any person operating a

totalisator on such a track contravenes, or fails to

comply with, any of the provisions of that Schedule

not being a provision failure to comply with which

is punishable under that Schedule, he shall be guilty

of an offence.

12. Nothing in the Betting Act, 1853, shall apply

to anything done on any licensed track by a bookmaker

on any day on which bookmaking may lawfully be

carried on on the track:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the

operation of the said Act in relation to the use by a

bookmaker for the purposes of his business—

(a) of any permanent structure other than a structure used by him in common with members of the public resorting to the track; or

(b) of any position on the track specially appropriated for the use of that particular bookmaker

by the occupier of the track or by any person

purporting to act on behalf of the occupier.

13. —(1) The occupier of any licensed track may

make to a bookmaker, or to any assistant accompanying

a bookmaker to the track for the purpose of his business,

any charge for admission to any particular part of the

track not exceeding, in the case of a bookmaker, five times

the amount, or, in the case of an assistant, the amount,

of the highest charge made to members of the public

for admission to that part of the track:

Provided that there shall not be made to any bookmaker or bookmaker’s assistant for admission to any

particular part of the track any charge differing in

amount from the charge made to any other bookmaker

or bookmaker’s assistant, as the case may be, for

admission to that part of the track.

(2) If any charge other than a charge authorised

by the preceding subsection is made to a bookmaker or

Ss

Part I.

— cant.

Facilities

for book,

making

on tracks.

10 & 17 Vict,

o. 119.

Charges to

bookmakers

on tracks

where

betting

facilities are

lawfully

provided.

642

Part I.

— cont.

Occupiers

of tracks

not to have

an interest

in bookmaking

thereon.

Betting

with young

persons, and

employment of

young persons in

betting

businesses,

prohibited

on tracks.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

an assistant of a bookmaker, or if any payment, valuable

thing or favour, other than a charge so authorised, is

demanded or received by or for the benefit of the

occupier of a track as a consideration for facilities being

given to a bookmaker for the carrying on of his business,

the person immediately responsible and also the occupier

of the track shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that where the occupier of a track is

charged with an offence under this section by reason of

an act of another person, it shall be a defence for the

occupier to prove that the act took place without his

knowledge.

14. It shall not be lawful for the occupier of any

licensed track, or for any servant or agent of his, or for

any person having, under a lease, agreement or licence

granted by the occupier, any interest in, or right over or

in respect of, any part of the track, to engage either

directly or indirectly, and either on his own behalf or on

behalf of another, in bookmaking on that track, and if

any person contravenes the provisions of this section,

that person, and if he is not himself the occupier of the

track, the occupier also, shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that where the occupier of a track is

charged with an offence by reason of a contravention

of this section on the part of another person, it shall

be a defence for the occupier to prove that the contravention occurred without his knowledge.

15. —(1) If on any track—

(a) any bookmaker or commission agent has any

betting transaction with a person apparently

under, or known to him to be under, the age

of eighteen years; or

(b) any person engaged in operating a totalisator

has by means thereof any betting transaction

with a person apparently under, or known to

him to be under, the age of eighteen years,

then in the first case that bookmaker or commission

agent, and in the second case the occupier of the track on

which the totalisator is set up, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) If any person employs on any track for the

purposes of his business as a bookmaker or commission

agent, or in connection with the operation of a totalisator,

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

643

a person apparently under, or known to him to be under. Part I.

the age of eighteen years, he shall be guilty of an —cont.

offence.

(3) Upon a charge under this section in respect of a

person apparently under the age of eighteen years,

it shall be a defence to prove that, at the time of the

alleged offence, he had in fact attained that age.

(4) In this section the expression "commission

agent " includes any person who by way of business

receives bets to be transmitted by him directly or indirectly

to another person with a view to the bets being made

by means of a totalisator.

(5) Section four of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928,

is hereby repealed.

16.—(1) A licensing authority may at any time. Revocation

after giving to the holder of the licence an opportunity of licences,

of being heard, revoke a licence in respect of a track in

their licensing area—

(a) if they are satisfied that the track has been

conducted in a disorderly manner or so as to

cause a nuisance; or

(b) if without their approval, to be given after such

notice as they deem proper, the accommodation

for spectators on the track as stated in the

notice under subsection (2) of section six of this Act has been substantially increased, or the

exits from the track as described in that notice

have been materially altered, and they are

satisfied that undue congestion of traffic or

serious prejudice to the preservation of law

and order has resulted therefrom; or

(c) if on a report made to them by the accountant

appointed under the First Schedule to this Act,

or upon a refusal of that accountant to give

such a certificate as is mentioned in the said

Schedule, they are satisfied that any totalisator

on the track has been maintained or operated

otherwise than in accordance with the provisions

of that Schedule; or

(d) if the holder of the licence or, where the holder

is a corporate body, any director or the

manager thereof is convicted of any offence

644

Part I.

— cont.

12 & 13 Vict,

c. 45.

Saving for

right of

occupier of

track to

prohibit

betting.

Amendment and

interpretation of

Racecourse

Betting Act,

1928.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

under this Part of this Act or under the First

Schedule to this Act or of any offence involving

fraud or dishonesty;

and, if they revoke a licence, shall forthwith send

notice of the revocation by post to the holder of the

licence and to the chief officer of police.

(2) The holder of a licence which has been revoked

under this section may appeal, in accordance with

the provisions of the Quarter Sessions Act, 1849, to

the next practicable court of quarter sessions having

jurisdiction in the county, borough or place in which the

track is situate and held not less than twenty-one clear

days after notice of the revocation is given to him by

the licensing authority.

In any case arising under this subsection, the notice

of appeal shall be given to the licensing authority and

to the clerk of the peace.

(3) Where a licensing authority revoke a licence

under this section, then, until the time within which

notice of an appeal under this section may be given has

expired and, if such notice is duly given, until the

determination of the appeal, the licence shall be deemed

to continue in force, and if the court of quarter sessions

confirm the decision of the licensing authority, the court

may, if they think fit, order that the licence shall

continue in force for a further period not exceeding two

months from the date of the order.

17. Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part

of this Act shall be construed as requiring the occupier of

a licensed track to permit betting thereon at any time at

which no totalisator is being operated on that track.

18. —(1) The power of the Racecourse Betting

Control Board under subsection (2) of section one of the

Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, to authorise any person

to set up and keep, or to operate, a totalisator on an

approved racecourse shall be limited to the giving of such

authority to the persons having the management of the

racecourse, and where such authority is so given, such

deductions as the Board may, under paragraph (3) of

section three of the said Act, direct to be made from

moneys staked by means of the totalisator shall be paid

into the totalisator fund, but the Board may pay out of

1934. Betting and Lotteries Ch. 58.

Act, 1934.

that fund to the persons having the management of the

racecourse the amount of the expenses shown to the

satisfaction of the Board to have been properly incurred

by those persons in connection with the setting up,

keeping and operation of the totalisator.

(2) For the avoidance of doubts it is hereby declared

that the powers of the Racecourse Betting Control

Board under the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, include,

and always have included, power to remunerate any

person, by the payment of commissions or otherwise, in

respect of the negotiation, receipt or transmission by

that person of bets to be made by means of a totalisator

lawfully operated on an approved horse racecourse and

to provide facilities on any such racecourse for persons

engaged in receiving bets to be so made.

(3) Nothing in the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928,

shall be construed as restricting the betting transactions

which may be effected by means of a totalisator lawfully

operated on an approved horse racecourse on any day

to betting transactions upon the result of a single race, or

upon the result or results of a race or races run on that

course or rim on that day.

(4) The percentage of the moneys staked which

may be deducted under paragraph (3) of section three of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, may be a percentage

of the whole or of any part of such moneys.

(5) The purposes for which the Racecourse Betting

Control Board, acting under paragraph (6) of section three

of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, may, in accordance

with a scheme approved by the Secretary of State, apply

moneys comprised in the totalisator fund shall include

purposes conducive to the advancement and encouragement of veterinary science and education.

19. Any person authorised in writing in that

behalf by the licensing authority, on producing his

authority on demand, and any constable, may at all

reasonable times enter upon any track for the purpose

of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Part

of this Act are being complied with, and every person

who obstructs any constable or other person in the

exercise of his powers under this section shall be guilty

of an offence.

645

Part I.

— amt.

Powers of

entry on

tracks.

646

Ch. 58.

Part I.

— amt.

Interpretation of

Part I.

II & 12

Geo. 5.o. 31.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

20.—(1) In this Part of this Act the following

expressions have, unless the context otherwise requires,

the meanings hereby assigned to them :—

" approved horse racecourse" means a track which

is an approved racecourse within the meaning

of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928;

" bookmaker" means any person who, whether

on his own account or as servant or agent to

any other person, carries on, whether occasionally or regularly, the business of receiving or

negotiating bets or conducting pari mutuel or

pool betting operations, or who in any manner

holds himself out, or permits himself to be held

out in any manner, as a person who receives or

negotiates bets or conducts such operations, and

" bookmaking " shall be construed accordingly;

so, however, that a person shall not be deemed

to be a bookmaker by reason only of the fact

that he operates, or is employed in operating a

totalisator, and the operating of a totalisator

shall be deemed not to be bookmaking;

"chief officer of police" and "police area" have

the same meanings as in the Police Pensions

Act, 1921, and, in relation to any particular

track or proposed track, the first mentioned

expression means the chief officer of police

within whose police area the track, or the site

of the proposed track, is situate;

" dog race" means a race in which an object propelled by mechanical means is pursued by dogs,

and " dog racecourse " shall be construed

accordingly;

" licence" means a licence granted under this Part

of this Act;

" licensed track" means a track in respect of

which a licence is for the time being in force;

" licensing area" means the area over which a

licensing authority have jurisdiction;

" licensing authority" means a council or committee having power to grant licences and, in

relation to a track or proposed track, means

1934. Betting and Lotteries Ch. 58.

Act, 1934.

the licensing authority having jurisdiction in the

licensing area in which the track or proposed

track is, or will be, situate;

" planning authority " means, in relation to any

land subject to a planning scheme or a resolution to prepare or adopt such a scheme, the

authority having power to control the development or interim development of that land, and

includes any tribunal or authority to whom an

appeal lies from any decisions of a planning

authority;

" planning scheme" means a scheme made under

the Town Planning Act, 1925, or the Town and

Country Planning Act, 1932, or any enactment

repealed by either of those Acts;

"quarter sessions area" means the area within

which a court of quarter sessions have jurisdiction;

" totalisator" means the contrivance for betting

known as the totalisator or pari mutuel, or any

other machine or instrument of betting of a

like nature, whether mechanically operated or

not;

" track" means premises on which races of any

description, athletic sports or other sporting

events take place;

" year" means a period of twelve consecutive months

beginning on the first day of July.

(2) Where a track or the site of a proposed track

extends into two or more licensing areas, or two or more

quarter sessions areas, the track or site shall, for the

purpose of this Part of this Act, be deemed to be situate

wholly within that area which comprises the greater part

of the superficial area of the track or site.

(3) Where a track or the site of a proposed track

extends into two or more police areas, anything which

by this Part of this Act is required to be done to, or is

authorised to be done by, the chief officer of police, shall

be done to, or, as the case may be, may be done by, the

chief officer of police of each of those areas.

647

Part I.

— cont.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 16.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 48.

648

Ch. 58.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Part II,

Lotteries and Prize Competitions.

Illegality of

lotteries.

Offences

in connec

tion with

lotteries.

21. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, all lotteries are unlawful.

22. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

every person who in connection with any lottery promoted or proposed to be promoted either in Great

Britain or elsewhere—

(a) prints any tickets for use in the lottery; or

(b) sells or distributes, or offers or advertises for

sale or distribution, or has in his possession

for the purpose of sale or distribution, any

tickets or chances in the lottery; or

(c) prints, publishes or distributes, or has in his

possession for the purpose of publication or

distribution—

(i) any advertisement of the lottery; or

(ii) any list (whether complete or not)

of prize winners or winning tickets in the

lottery; or

(iii) any such matter descriptive of the

drawing or intended drawing of the lottery,

or otherwise relating to the lottery, as is

calculated to act as an inducement to

persons to participate in that lottery or in

other lotteries; or

(d) brings, or invites any person to send into. Great

Britain for the purpose of sale or distribution

any ticket in, or advertisement of, the lottery; or

(e) sends or attempts to send out of Great Britain

any money or valuable thing received in respect

of the sale or distribution, or any document

recording the sale or distribution, or the identity

of the holder, of any ticket or chance in the

lottery; or

(f) uses any premises, or causes or knowingly

permits any premises to be used, for purposes

connected with the promotion or conduct of the

lottery; or

(g) causes, procures or attempts to procure any

person to do any of the above mentioned acts,

shall be guilty of an offence.

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

649

(2) In any proceedings instituted under the pre- Part II.

ceding subsection it shall be a defence to prove that —coni.

the lottery to which the proceedings relate was such a

lottery as is declared by any subsequent section of this Part

of this Act not to be an unlawful lottery, and that at the

date of the alleged offence the defendant believed, and had

reasonable ground for believing, that none of the conditions required by that section to be observed in

connection with the promotion and conduct of the

lottery had been broken.

(3) Proceedings under sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section in respect of

any matter published in a newspaper shall not he

instituted except by, or by direction of, the Director

of Public Prosecutions.

23.—(1) A lottery promoted as an incident of an Exemption

entertainment to which this section applies shall be of small

deemed not to be an unlawful lottery, but the con- lotteries

ditions specified in the next succeeding subsection shall

be observed in connection with the promotion and en te r tain-

conduct of the lottery, and if any of those conditions ments.

is broken, every person concerned in the promotion or

conduct of the lottery shall be guilty of an offence unless

he proves that the offence was committed without his

knowledge.

(2) The conditions referred to in the preceding

subsection are that—

(a) the whole proceeds of the entertainment (including the proceeds of the lottery) after

deducting—

(i) the expenses of the entertainment,

excluding expenses incurred in connection

with the lottery; and

(ii) the expenses incurred in printing

tickets in the lottery; and

(iii) such sum (if any) not exceeding ten

pounds as the promoters of the lottery think

lit to appropriate on account of any expense

incurred by them in purchasing prizes in the

lottery,

shall be devoted to purposes other than private

gain;

650

Part II.

— cont.

Exemption

of private

lotteries.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(b) none of the prizes in the lottery shall be money

prizes;

(c) tickets or chances in the lottery shall not be

sold or issued, nor shall the result of the lottery

be declared, except on the premises on which the

entertainment takes place and during the

progress of the entertainment; and

(d) the facilities afforded for participating in lotteries

shall not be the only, or the only substantial,

inducement to persons to attend the entertainment.

(3) The entertainments to which this section applies

are bazaars, sales of work, fetes and other entertainments

of a similar character, whether limited to one day or

extending over two or more days.

24.—(1) In this section, the expression "private

lottery" means a lottery in Great Britain which is

promoted for, and in which the sale of tickets or chances

by the promoters is confined to, either—

(a) members of one society established and conducted for purposes not connected with gaming,

wagering or lotteries; or

(b) persons all of whom work on the same premises;

or

(c) persons all of whom reside on the same premises,

and which is promoted by persons each of whom is a

person to whom under the foregoing provisions tickets

or chances may be sold by the promoters and, in the

case of a lottery promoted for the members of a society,

is a person authorised in writing by the governing body

of the society to promote the lottery.

For the purposes of this section, the expression

" society " includes a club, institution, organisation or

other association of persons by whatever name called, and

each local or affiliated branch or section of a society

shall be regarded as a separate and distinct society.

(2) A private lottery shall be deemed not to be

an unlawful lottery, but the following conditions shall be

observed in connection with the promotion and conduct

of the lottery, that is to say:—

(a) the whole proceeds, after deducting only expenses

incurred for printing and stationery, shall be

1934.

Belting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

651

devoted to the provision of prizes for purchasers

of tickets or chances, or, in the case of a lottery

promoted for the members of a society, shall

be devoted either to the provision of prizes as

aforesaid or to purposes which are purposes of the society or, as to part, to the provision of

prizes as aforesaid and, as to the remainder, to

such purposes as aforesaid;

(b) there shall not be exhibited, published or distributed any written notice or advertisement of the lottery other than—

(i) a notice thereof exlnbited on the premises of the society for whose members it is

promoted or, as the case may be, on the

premises on which the persons for whom it is

promoted work or reside; and

(ii) such announcement or advertisement

thereof as is contained in the tickets, if any;

(c) the price of every ticket or chance shall be the

same, and the price of any ticket shall be

stated on the ticket;

(d) every ticket shall bear upon the face of it the

names and address of each of the promoters

and a statement of the persons to whom the

sale of tickets or chances by the promoters is

restricted, and a statement that no prize won in

the lottery shall be paid or delivered by the

promoters to any person other than the person

to whom the winning ticket or chance was sold

by them, and no prize shall be paid or delivered

except in accordance with that statement;

(e) no ticket or chance shall be issued or allotted

by the promoters except by way of sale and upon

receipt of the full price thereof, and no money

or valuable thing so received by a promoter

shall in any circumstances be returned; and

(f) no tickets in the lottery shall be sent through

the post.

(3) If any of the conditions specified in the preceding

subsection is broken, each of the promoters of the lottery,

and where the person by whom the condition is broken is

not one of the promoters, that person also, shall be guilty

of an offence:

Part II.

— cont.

652

Ch. 58.

Part II.

— cont.

Amendment

of the law

with respect to, and

saving for,

lotteries of

Art Unions.

9 & 10 Vict,

o. 48.

Restriction

on certain

prize competitions.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Provided that it shall be a defence for a person

charged only by reason of his being a promoter of the

lottery to prove that the offence was committed

without his knowledge.

25. —(1) The power of His Majesty under section

one of the Art Unions Act, 1846, to revoke or annul the

charter, deed or other instrument under which an Art

Union has been constituted may be exercised by His

Majesty at any time upon a recommendation from the

President of the Board of Trade that it is desirable for

His Majesty so to do, and it shall not be necessary to

the exercise of that power that there should have been

given such a certificate as is mentioned in the said

section.

(2) In the case of an Art Union constituted under a

deed or other instrument, not being a charter, the power

of annulment referred to in the foregoing subsection may

be exercised also by the President of the Board of Trade

or, in his absence, by a Secretary of State, if, in the

opinion of the President or Secretary of State, as the

case may be, it is expedient, having regard to the

circumstances, that immediate action be taken in the

matter.

(3) Save as aforesaid, nothing in this Part of this Act

shall affect the operation of the Art Unions Act, 1846, and

a lottery promoted and conducted in accordance with that

Act, as amended by this section, shall be deemed not to

be an unlawful lottery.

26. —(1) It shall be unlawful to conduct in or through

any newspaper, or in connection with any trade or

business or the sale of any article to the public—

(a) any competition in which prizes are offered for

forecasts of the result either of a future event,

or of a past event the result of which is not

yet ascertained or not yet generally known;

(b) any other competition success in which does not

depend to a substantial degree upon the exercise

of skill:

Provided that nothing in this subsection with

respect to the conducting of competitions in connection

with a trade or business shall apply in relation to parimutuel or pool betting operations carried on by a

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

653

person whose only trade or business is that of a bookmaker as defined in Part I of this Act.

(2) Any person who contravenes the provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence, without prejudice,

however, to his liability, if any, to be proceeded against

under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act

relating to lotteries.

27. Any justice of the peace, if satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground to suspect

that any premises are being used for the purpose of the

commission of an offence under this Part of this Act in

connection with a lottery or proposed lottery, may grant

a warrant under his hand authorising any constable

at any time or times within one month from the

date thereof to enter, if necessary by force, the said

premises and every part thereof, and to search for

and seize and remove any documents, money or valuable

thing found therein which he has reasonable ground to

suppose are on those premises for any purpose which

constitutes an infringement of any provision of this Part

of this Act relating to lotteries.

28. —(1) In this Part of this Act the following

expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" chief officer of police " has the same meaning as

in the Police Pensions Act, 1921;

" money " includes a cheque, banknote, postal order

or money order;

" newspaper " includes any journal, magazine or

other periodical publication;

" ticket " includes, in relation to any lottery or

proposed lottery, any document evidencing the

claim of a person to participate in the chances

of the lottery.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) references to printing shall be construed as

including references to writing and other

modes of representing or reproducing words

in a visible form; and

Part II.

— cont.

Power to

issue search

warrant.

Interpretation of

Part II.

654

Ch. 58.

Part II.

— cant.

Offences by

bodies corporate.

Penalties

for offences

under this Act and

forfeitures.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(b) documents or other matters shall be deemed to

be distributed if they are distributed to

persons or places whether within or otitside

Great Britain, and the expression "distribution " shall be construed accordingly.

Part III.

General.

29. Where a, person convicted of an offence under

this Act is a body corporate, every person who at the

date of the commission of the offence was a director or

officer of the body corporate shall also be deemed to be

guilty of that offence unless he proves that the offence

was committed without his knowledge.

30. —(1) A person guilty of an offence under section

one, section two, section three or section eleven, or

under any section contained in Part II, of this Act shall

be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds, and in the case of a second

or any subsequent conviction for an offence

under the same section, to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding three months or to a fine

not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both

such imprisonment and such fine; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, and in the case of

a second or any subsequent conviction for an

offence under the same section, to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding one year or to a

fine not exceeding seven hundred and fifty

pounds or to both such imprisonment and such

fine.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under any other

section of this Act, being a section which does not provide

a special penalty, shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds, and in the case of a second or any

subsequent conviction for an offence under the

same section, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding two months or to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine; or

1934. Betting and Lotteries Ch. 58.

Act, 1934.

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding three hundred pounds, and in the case of a

second or any subsequent conviction for an

offence under the same section, to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding six months or to

a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or

to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(3) The court before which a person is proved to

have committed any offence under Part II of this Act

in relation to a lottery or proposed lottery shall order

to be forfeited any coins and bank notes produced to

the court which arc shown to the satisfaction of the

court to represent the price of tickets or chances, or

prize money, or prizes in the lottery, and shall order to be

destroyed all documents (other than bank notes) produced to the court which are shown to the satisfaction

of the court to relate to the promotion or conduct of the

lottery.

31. This Act shall, in its application to Scotland,

have effect subject to the following modifications :—

(1) For any reference in section five of this Act

to the council of an administrative county

there shall be substituted a reference to a

county council, or to the joint county council

of the combined county in any case where

two counties are combined for the purposes

mentioned in subsection (7) of section ten

of the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1929; for any reference to a county borough

there shall be substituted a reference to a large

burgh as defined in the said Act, and for the

purposes of the said section five every other

burgh shall be deemed to be included in the

county in which it is situate.

(2) For any reference to section two hundred and

seventy four of the Local Government Act,

1933, there shall be substituted a reference to

section thirteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, and for references to the Town

Planning Act, 1925, and the Town and Country

Planning Act, 1932, there shall be respectively

substituted references to the Town Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1925, and the Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932.

655

Part in.

—cont.

Application

to Scotland.

19 & 20

Geo. 5. c. 25.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c.17

22*23

Geo. 5. c. 49.

656

Part III.

— cont.

Ch. 58. Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

(3) Subsection (2) of section six shall have effect as

if for the councils and authorities (other than

the licensing authority) therein mentioned the

following councils and authorities were substituted, that is to say :—

(a) the council of the county or burgh

within which the track or any part thereof

is situate; and

(b) the responsible authority under a

planning scheme in force in any area which

includes the track or any part thereof;

where such council or responsible authority is

not the licensing authority.

(4) The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (4) of section six and any reference

to the said subsection (4) shall be construed as

a reference to the following subsection:—

" (4) Subject as hereinafter provided, upon

the consideration by the licensing authority of an

application for the grant of a licence, the

following persons, in addition to the applicant,

shall be entitled to be heard in person or by a

representative, that is to say, —

(a) the chief officer of police:

(b) the council of any county or burgh

adjoining the area of the licensing authority:

(c) where the licensing authority are a county

council or a joint county council, the town

council of any burgh situate in the county,

or in either of the counties combined:

(d) where the licensing authority are a town

council, the council of the county in which

the burgh is situate:

(e) any person owning or occupying premises in the neighbourhood of the track:

(f) the governing body of any school or

institution in the neighbourhood of the track:

Provided that no objector shall be heard

unless he has given to the applicant and the

licensing authority at least seven days’ notice

1034.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

657

in writing of the grounds on which he proposes

to contend that the application ought to be

refused."

(5) The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (2) of section sixteen—

" (2) The holder of a licence which has

been revoked under this section may, on

giving such notice within such time as may

be prescribed by Act of Sederunt, appeal in

accordance with any rules that may be made

by Act of Sederunt to the sheriff."

(6) Any reference to a court of quarter sessions

shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff

and any reference to a quarter sessions area

shall be construed as a reference to the area

within which a sheriff is entitled to exercise

jurisdiction.

(7) Subsection (3) of section twenty-two shall not

apply.

(8) The power conferred by section twenty-seven on

a justice of the peace shall be exercisable also

by the sheriff.

32. The enactments mentioned in the Second

Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule.

33. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Betting and

Lotteries Act, 1934.

(2) Sections five to ten, sections eighteen and twenty

and sections twenty-nine to thirty-one of this Act shall

come into operation forthwith, and Part II of this Act

and (except in so far as it effects the repeal of any

provision of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928), section

thirty-two of this Act shall come into operation on the

first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-five,

but save as aforesaid this Act shall come into operation

on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-five.

(3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

Part III

— cont.

Repeal

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

658

Ch. 58.

Sections 7,

11 and 16.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions regulating the establishment and

OPERATION OF TOTALISATORS ON DOG RACECOURSES.

1. A totalisator set up under this Act on a dog racecourse

shall be a mechanically or electrically operated apparatus complying with such conditions as a Secretary of State may by

regulations prescribe.

2. The person, whether the occupier of the track or a person

authorised in writing by the occupier, by whom the totalisator

is operated (in this Schedule referred to as " the operator ") shall

take all such steps as are necessary to secure that, so long as the

totalisator is in use, it is in proper working order and is properly

operated.

3. The operator shall, before receiving any bets in connection

with any race, post in a conspicuous position on the track a

notice showing the minimum stake (hereinafter referred to as the

" betting unit ") which will be accepted at the totalisator from

persons betting on that race, and shall distribute or cause to be

distributed the whole of the moneys staked on any race or races

by means of the totalisator among the persons winning bets made

by means of the totalisator on that race or those races, after

deducting or causing to be deducted such percentage not exceeding six per cent, as he may have specified in the said notice:

Provided that—

(a) where the number of pence in the amount payable in

respect of each betting unit staked by a person winning a bet is not exactly divisible by three, then—

(i) if the remainder does not exceed three halfpence, it may be retained by the operator; but

(ii) if the remainder exceeds three halfpence, the

amount payable in respect of each betting unit

staked by the said person shall be deemed to be

increased to the next greater number of pence

which is so divisible; and

(b) the terms on which the operator invites persons to bet

by means of the totalisator may include a condition

entitling the operator to retain any sum payable to a

person winning a bet, unless the money won on the

1934.

Betting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

659

bet is claimed before such time, not being earlier than 1st Sch.

forty-eight hours after the conclusion of the race, or —'•'

as the case may be, of the last of the races, in connection with which the bet was made, as may have

been specified in the notice aforesaid.

4. The licensing authority shall appoint a qualified accountant,

who shall be charged with the duty of examining and certifying the

accounts relating to the operation of the totalisator, and, after

consultation with the accountant so appointed, the licensing

authority shall appoint also an experienced mechanician who shall

act as technical adviser to the accountant and shall be charged

with the duty of advising him as to the condition of the totalisator

and all matters connected with the operation thereof.

6. The accountant and the mechanician appointed by the

licensing authority under the last foregoing paragraph shall

hold office on such terms (including terms as to remuneration)

as may, subject as hereinafter provided, be determined by the

licensing authority after consultation with the holder of any

licence for the time being in force in respect of the track

in connection with which the appointment is made, and the

remuneration of the accountant and the mechanician shall be

payable by the licensing authority; but so much of the

remuneration paid to the accountant and to the mechanician,

in respect of the performance of their functions under this

Schedule in relation to the totalisator as is attributable to any

period during which any person held a licence in force in

respect of the track on which the totalisator is set up, shall be

recoverable by the licensing authority as a debt due to them

from that person:

Provided that the terms on which any accountant is

appointed as aforesaid shall include a term that on every

appointed day either he or a servant of his authorised in that

behalf by him in writing must be in attendance at the totalisator during such period or periods as may before that day have

been notified to him in writing by the operator.

6. The totalisator shall not be operated at any time when

neither the accountant nor a servant of the accountant authorised

in that behalf by him in writing is present.

7. The accountant and his technical adviser and their respective servants authorised in that behalf in writing may, at all

reasonable times, enter the premises in which the totalisator

is set up, and examine any part of the mechanism and test and

watch the working thereof, and may require the operator and

any servant of his to give to them all such information, and to

produce to them all such accounts, books and other documents,

660

Ch. 68.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

as they deem necessary for the purpose of ascertaining whether

the provisions of this Schedule are being complied with.

Every person who—

(a) obstructs the accountant or his technical adviser or any

duly authorised servant of either of them in the exercise

of any of the powers conferred on him by this paragraph; or

(b) neglects or refuses to give to any such person as aforesaid any such information, or to produce to him any

such document, as may have been called for by him

in pursuance of this paragraph; or

(c) knowingly gives to any such person as aforesaid any

information which is false or misleading,

shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

8. The operator shall, within seven days after the close of

each month, submit to the accountant for examination by him a

complete statement of accounts for that month, giving all

such information as he may require for the purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Schedule have been complied

with.

9. The accountant shall examine the statements of accounts

so submitted to him and shall, as often as he thinks proper, consult

with his technical adviser and carry out, or cause to be carried

out, such inspections as either of them deem necessary for the

purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Schedule

are being complied with, and shall forthwith make a report to the

licensing authority if he has reason to believe that the totalisator

no longer complies with the prescribed conditions, or is not being

kept in proper working order, or is not being properly operated, or

if in his opinion any of the provisions of this Schedule are not

being complied with.

10. The accountant shall retain for a period of two years

all statements of account so submitted to him as aforesaid and

shall at any time during that period give facilities for their

examination by any person authorised in that behalf by the

licensing authority.

11. Without prejudice to his duties under the preceding

paragraphs, the accountant shall, as soon as may be after the

close of each calendar year, audit the accounts of the operator

for the year and, if such be the fact, shall certify thereon that

satisfactory statements of account have been submitted to him

monthly in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 8 of this Schedule and have been examined by him, and that to the

best of his information and belief, formed after consultation

1934.

Belting and Lotteries

Act, 1934.

Ch. 58.

661

with his technical adviser, the accounts for the year are complete

and accurate and the totalisator complies with the prescribed

conditions and has throughout the year been maintained in

proper working order and properly operated in accordance with

the provisions of this Schedule; and the operator shall forthwith

cause the accounts and certificate to be printed and shall transmit

two copies thereof to the licensing authority, who shall cause

one of those copies to be deposited at their offices for inspection

at any time during office hours by any member of the public free

of charge:

Provided that, where the licensing authority are a joint

committee appointed in accordance with the provisions of

section five of this Act, the operator shall transmit to the

licensing authority such number of copies of the accounts and

certificate as are sufficient to enable the licensing authority to

keep one copy at their offices for the purpose of record and to

deposit for inspection as aforesaid one copy at their offices and one

copy at the offices of each of the councils by whom the licensing

authority were appointed.

12. For the purposes of this Schedule the expression

" qualified accountant" means a person being a member of one

or more of the following bodies, that is to say:—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and

Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors;

The Society of Accountants in Edinburgh;

The Institute of Accountants and Actuaries in Glasgow;

The Society of Accountants in Aberdeen;

The London Association of Certified Accountants, Limited;

The Corporation of Accountants, Limited.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

10 Will. 3.

An Act for Suppressing of

The whole Act.

c. 23. *

Lotteries.

9 Anne c. G -

The Lotteries Act, 1710 -

The whole Act.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 32 *

* c. 17 in Ruffhead.

662

Ch. 58.

2nd Sch.

— cent.

Betting and Lotteries 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

8 Geo. 1. c. 2 -

The Lotteries Act, 1721 -

The whole Act.

9 Geo. 1. c. 19

The Lotteries Act, 1722 -

Sections four and five.

6 Geo. 2. c. 35

The Lotteries Act, 1732 -

The whole Act.

12 Geo. 2.

c. 28.

The Gaming Act, 1738 -

Section one; in section

two, the words " Games

or" and the words from

"by cards" to the end

of the section; section

three; in section four,

the word " such " where

that word first occurs,

and the words from " and

all such " to the end of the section; sections five

to seven and section nine.

42 Geo. 3.

c. 119.

The Gaming Act, 1802 -

The whole Act.

46 Geo. 3.

c. 148.

The Lotteries Act, 1806 -

The whole Act.

4 Geo. 4. c. 60

The Lotteries Act, 1823 -

The whole Act.

6 & 7 Will. 4.

c. 66.

The Lotteries Act, 1836 -

The whole Act.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 74.

The Lotteries Act, 1845 -

The whole Act.

61 & 62 Vict.,

c. 46.

The Revenue Act, 1898 -

In paragraph (ii) of section

one the words "the

" Lotteries Act, 1836,

" or, " the word "other "

where it secondly occurs,

and the word "foreign."

18 & 19 Geo. 6.

c. 41.

The Racecourse Betting

Act, 1928.

Section four.

1934.

Poor Law Act, 1934.

Ch. 59.

663

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend the enactments relating to the

relief of the poor in England and Wales so as

to secure uniformity throughout Great Britain

in the provisions relating to the disregarding of

sick pay, maternity benefit, and wounds or

disability pensions.

[16th November 1934.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section forty-eight of the Poor Law Act, 1930,

(which makes provision as to the matters to be disregarded in granting outdoor relief to members of friendly

societies and certain other persons) shall have effect

subject to the following amendments, that is to say :—

(a) in subsection (1) of the said section after the

words " friendly society " wherever those words

occur therein, there shall be inserted the words

" or trade union ";

(6) at the end of the said section there shall be inserted the following subsections, that is to say :—

" (3) The last foregoing subsection shall not

apply to maternity benefit and in granting

outdoor relief to any person the council of a

county or county borough shall not take

into consideration any maternity benefit

under the National Health Insurance Acts,

1924 to 1932, except any increase of such

benefit by way of additional benefit and

any second maternity benefit.

(4) In granting outdoor relief to any person

the council of a comity or county borough

shall not take into consideration any

wounds or disability pension received by any

person whose resources are taken into account

in relieving him, except so far as it exceeds

one pound a week.

Amendment

of 20 & 21

Geo. 5. c.17.

s. 48.

664

Ch. 59.

Poor Law Act, 1934. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Citation,

repeal,

extent and

commencement.

22 & 23

Geo. 5. c. 54.

(5) In this section the expression ‘ wounds

or disability pension’means any retired pay

or pension to which section sixteen of the

Finance Act, 1919, applies."

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Act,

1934, and the Poor Law Act, 1930, and this Act may be

cited together as the Poor Law Acts, 1930 and 1934.

(2) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the Transitional Payments (Determination of Need) Act,

1932, so far as it applies to the granting of outdoor

relief under the enactments relating to the poor law is

hereby repealed.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to

Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act so far as it relates to wounds or

disability pensions and to the Transitional Payments

(Determination of Need) Act, 1932, shall come into

operation on such date as the Minister of Health may by

order appoint.

TABLE II

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church

of England which received the Royal

Assent during the Session.

[24 & 25 George 5.]

Royal Assent, 22nd June, 1934.

No. 1. A Measure to amend the Clerical Disabilities Act, 1870,

by enabling clerks in Holy Orders who have availed themselves of that Act to resume the position of officiating

ministers. (Clerical Disabilities Act, 1870 (Amendment).)

Royal Assent, 31st July, 1934.

No. 2. A Measure to amend and declare the law relating to the

publication of Banns of Marriage and for purposes connected therewith. {Banns of Marriage.)

No. 3. A Measure to amend the law relating to Cathedral

Churches. {Cathedrals (Amendment).)

Uu

MEASURES

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To amend the Clerical Disabilities Act, 1870, by

enabling clerks in Holy Orders who have availed

themselves of that Act to resume the position

of officiating ministers.

[22nd June 1934.]

1.—(1) Any person who has relinquished the rights,

privileges, advantages and exemptions of the office of

minister in the Church of England in the manner provided

by the Clerical Disabilities Act, 1870 (in this Measure

referred to as "the Act") may at any time after the

deed of relinquishment executed by him has been recorded

in the registry of a diocese present to the archbishop of the province in which such diocese is situate a petition

in writing setting forth—

(i) the circumstances and reasons in and for which

he executed the deed of relinquishment;

(ii) the nature of the work or employment upon or

in which he has been engaged, and the place or

places in which he has resided subsequently to

executing the deed of relinquishment;

(iii) the circumstances and reasons in and for which

he wishes to resume the position of an officiating

minister.

Procedure

to effect

vacation of

enrolment

and record

of deeds of

relinquishment.

33 & 34 Vict,

c. 91.

iv No. 1. Clerical Disabilities 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1870 (Amendment) Measure, 1934.

(2) Such petition shall he verified by a statutory

declaration delivered to the archbishop with the petition.

(3) The archbishop to whom a petition is presented

under this Measure shall after consultation with the

bishop of the diocese, not being his own diocese, in which

the deed of relinquishment has been recorded, and after

such other inquiry and consultation as he shall deem

necessary, communicate his decision to the petitioner, and

may, if he shall think fit, either forthwith or after an

interval, by writing under his hand and archiepiscopal

seal, request the vacation of the enrolment of the deed of

relinquishment executed by the petitioner.

(4) Upon the production of such request such enrolment shall, subject to any rules of court being complied

with, be vacated as if such vacation had been ordered by

the High Court.

(5) After the vacation of the enrolment of a deed of

relinquishment under this Measure, the bishop of the

diocese in the registry of which such deed is recorded

shall cause the vacation of the enrolment thereof to be

likewise recorded in such registry, and thereupon, with

respect to the person who has executed the deed, the

consequences mentioned in paragraphs (1) and (3) of

section four of the Act shall, subject to the provisions of this Measure, cease to have effect.

2.—(1) A clerk in Holy Orders who has executed a

deed of relinquishment, the vacation of the enrolment of

which has been recorded under this Measure, shall, during

a period of two years after the date of the recording of the vacation, be incapable of holding any benefice or other

preferment including the office of a curate licensed mider

seal, but, subject as aforesaid, may to such extent and

under such conditions as the bishop of any diocese may

determine, officiate as a minister in such diocese under

the permission of such bishop.

(2) After the said period of two years such clerk shall

be capable of holding any benefice or other preferment as

aforesaid in any diocese, subject to the consent of the

bishop of such diocese being first obtained, and so that a

consent given under this subsection may be either a

general consent or consent given in respect of some

particular benefice or preferment.

Position of

clerk after

vacation of

enrolment

and record

of such

vacation.

1934. Clerical Disabilities No. 1, 2. v

Act, 1870 (Amendment) Measure, 1934.

3 . — (1)A copy of the record in the registry of a Copy of

diocese of the vacation under this Measure of the enrol- record to be

ment of a deed of relinquishment duly extracted and eviflence -

certified by the registrar of the diocese shall be evidence

of such vacation and of the recording of such vacation.

(2) The registrar of the diocese shall, on the application of the clerk in Holy Orders concerned, give to him a

copy of such record duly extracted and certified, on

payment of a fee not exceeding ten shillings.

4 . In this Measure the terms " the Church of Interpreta-

England, " " minister, " " preferment, " " bishop " and tion.

" diocese " have the same meaning as in the Act.

5. This Measure may be cited as the Clerical Short title.

Disabilities Act, 1870 (Amendment) Measure, 1934.

No. 2.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To amend and declare the law relating to the

publication of Banns of Marriage and for

purposes connected therewith.

[31st July 1934.]

1.—(1) Whenever upon any Sunday in any church Publication

or other building in which banns of marriage may for ° f fi anns

the time being lawfully be published a clerk in Holy p^ r8 ons in

Orders does not officiate at the service at which it is certain

usual in that church or building to publish banns, then cases,

such publication may be made therein either (a) by a

clerk in Holy Orders at some other service at which

banns of marriage may lawfully be published, or (b)by

a layman, but in the latter case only if the following

conditions are complied with (that is to say) :—

(i) Such publication must be made during the

course of a public reading authorised by the

vi No. 2. Banns of Marriage 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1934.

bishop of a portion or portions of the service

of Morning or Evening Prayer, such public

reading being at the hour when the service

at which it is usual to publish banns is

commonly held, unless the bishop shall authorise

otherwise;

(ii) The incumbent or minister in charge of the

said church or building, or some other clerk

in Holy Orders nominated in that behalf by

the bishop, must before the first of such

publications have made or authorised to be

made the requisite entry in the register book

of banns of the said church or building.

(2) Whenever a layman shall have published banns

of marriage under this Measure he shall sign the register

4 Geo. 4. book of banns kept under section six of the Marriage

c. 76. Act, 1823, and for that purpose shall be deemed to be

the officiating minister within the meaning of that

section, and a certificate of due publication of such

banns signed by the incumbent or minister in charge

of the church or other building in which the publication

shall have been made or by some other clerk in Holy

Orders nominated in that behalf by the bishop shall be

equivalent to a like certificate given by a clerk in Holy

Orders who has published banns.

(3) Except under and subject to the express provisions of this Measure and except as provided by

8 Edw. 7. section one of the Naval Marriages Act, 1908, it shall

c. 26. not be lawful for any person other than a clerk in

Holy Orders to publish banns of marriage.

Extent. 2. This Measure shall apply to the whole of the

Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel

Islands and the Isle of Man, but may be applied to

the Channel Islands as defined in the Channel Islands

(Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, or either of them,

in accordance with that Measure.

[Short title.] 3. This Measure may be cited as the Barms of

Marriage Measure, 1934.

1934.

Cathedrals

(Amendment) Measure, 1934.

No. 3.

vii

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To amend the law relating to Cathedral Churches.

[31st July 1934.]

1. Without prejudice to the generality of the General

provisions of section two of the Cathedrals Measure, provisions

1931, (in this Measure referred to as "the principal as to

Measure ") defining the principal function of the Cathedral schemes

Commissioners for England (in this Measure referred to principal 6

as " the Commissioners ") a scheme under the principal Measure.

Measure may contain all or any of the following

provisions, that is to say :—

(i) such scheme may provide that any body of

persons to whom this paragraph applies shall

be a body corporate with perpetual succession

and a common seal with power to hold land

including rights of patronage to the extent

defined by such scheme without licence in

mortmain;

This paragraph shall apply to every cathedral

chapter established under the principal Measure,

and to every other cathedral chapter established

in a cathedral church which is not a body

corporate or which being a body corporate

should, in the opinion of the Commissioners,

be re-incorporated, to every cathedral council

established under the principal Measure, and

to every other body established under the

principal Measure or otherwise in a cathedral

church;

(ii) such scheme may (subject in any case where a

cathedral council is established under section

eleven of the principal Measure to the provisions

of subsection (5) of that section) determine the

body by which the powers and duties conferred

and imposed by the principal Measure upon the

V1U

No. 3.

Cathedrals 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1934.

3 & 4 Vict,

c. 113.

Provisions

as to

schemes

relating to

consenting body of the cathedral church to

which the scheme relates shall be exercised and

performed;

(iii) such scheme may, where the dean and chapter

of the cathedral church to which the scheme

relates as at present constituted consists of the dean and all the canons and prebendaries

(whether residentiary or not), provide either

that the body so constituted shall act both as

the general cathedral chapter and as the

administrative chapter, or that the administrative chapter shall consist of the dean and

such of the canons and prebendaries as may

be laid down by the scheme;

(iv) such scheme may determine or provide for

regulating from time to time the number of

residentiary canonries in the cathedral church to

which the scheme relates and give effect to such

determination by such creation, suppression or

suspension of residentiary canonries as may be

requisite, and so that after the scheme has

become effectual in law any existing statutory

determination of the number of residentiary

canonries in such cathedral church (whether

contained in the schedule to the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Act, 1840, or in any other

statute or Measure) shall cease to apply to

such cathedral church;

(v) such scheme may determine or provide for

regulating from time to time the number, or

the maximum and minimum numbers, of minor

canonries in the cathedral church to which the

scheme relates, and so that after such scheme

has become effectual in law the provisions

of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840,

and of any regulations made thereunder fixing

such number or such maximum and minimum

numbers shall cease to apply to such cathedral

church.

2 . — (1)In their application to a parish the parish

church of which is a cathedral church, the Parochial

Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921, and the Rules

for the Representation of the Laity contained in the

1934.

Cathedrals

(Amendment) Measure, 1934.

No. 3.

IX

Representation of the Laity Measure, 1929, shall have

effect subject to the provisions of any scheme under

the principal Measure relating to such cathedral

church.

(2) Such scheme may also provide-—

(a) for the abolition of the jurisdiction of the

consistory court of the diocese over such

cathedral church and the churchyard thereof

in respect of the granting of facilities;

(b) for conferring on the cathedral chapter or on

the cathedral council of such cathedral church

or on any other similar body established

therein, or partly on one and partly on

another of those bodies, but subject to any

limitations or conditions expressed in the

scheme, all or any of such powers in respect

of the fabric, monuments, and ornaments

of the cathedral church, and alterations of

and additions to the same, and matters

connected therewith, and in respect of the

churchyard, as are commonly exerciseable

by the cathedral chapter in cathedral churches

which are not parish churches; and

(c) for making any chapel or other part of such

cathedral church exclusively parochial and

for conferring and imposing on the parochial

church council of the parish to the exclusion

of any other body any powers, duties and

liabilities in connection therewith.

3 . In. calculating the income of a dean or a canon

for the purposes of section sixty-six of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Act, 1840, and any Order in Council

made thereunder, any share of the dean or the canon

in any grant made under section twenty of the principal

Measure shall not be taken into account, nor, if a scheme

under the principal Measure so provides, shall there be

taken into account any sum paid under the scheme in

augmentation of the income.

4 . — (1)No sale or other disposition whether made

for valuable consideration or not (including a sale or

disposition giving effect to an antecedent contract) of

any real or personal property subject to compulsory

X x

parish

church

cathedrals.

Calculation

of income

under

section 66

of 3 & 4

Vict. c. 113.

Transfers

of property

by minor

corporations.

Provisions

as to loans

under

section 59

of 3 & 4

Vict. c. 113.

No. 3. Cathedrals 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment)Measure, 1934.

transfer under section thirteen of the principal Measure

shall be valid unless such disposition, in addition to

complying with all other conditions imposed by law,

shall be made with the consent of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners and the cathedral chapter of the cathedral

church concerned respectively.

(2) After the passing of this Measure an affected

sale or other disposition of any such property made

in breach of the preceding subsection before the compulsory transfer thereof is carried out shall be void.

5 . — (1)Where a scheme under the principal Measure

provides for transferring to and vesting any residence

house attached to any dignity or office in a cathedral

church in the cathedral chapter, or provides that the

liability for the structural repairs of any such house

shall be borne by the cathedral chapter, the following

provisions shall have effect (that is to say)—

(i) if at the time when the scheme comes into

operation there is outstanding any loan for

the building, enlarging or otherwise improving

of the house made by Queen Anne’s Bounty

under the existing statutory provisions, the

liability for the loan shall, if the scheme so

provides, be transferred to the cathedral chapter,

and the loan shall become charged on the

capitular revenues instead of on the revenues

and possessions of the dignity or office;

(ii) after the scheme comes into operation the

existing statutory provisions shall be extended

so as to authorise loans by Queen Anne’s

Bounty to the cathedral chapter for building

or purchasing new houses of residence for

occupation by holders of dignities or offices

in the cathedral church, or for re-building,

enlarging or otherwise improving either such

houses or any house transferred to the cathedral

chapter, or for the structural repairs of which

the cathedral chapter has become liable as

aforesaid;

(iii) all such loans shall be made upon the security

of the capitular revenues in accordance mutatis

mutandis with the existing statutory provisions,

including the provisions transferring mortgages

1934.

Cathedrals

(Amendment) Measure, 1934.

No. 3.

xi

or charges to the purchase money in the event

of a sale, and so that in addition to any

other remedies the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

may in the event of any interest or any

instalment of principal payable in respect of

any such loan being in arrear and unpaid for

thirty days, on receiving an application from

Queen Anne’s Bounty, pay the amount in

arrear to Queen Anne’s Bounty out of any

money payable by them to the cathedral

chapter.

(2) In this section the expression "existing statutory

provisions" means the provisions of section fifty-nine of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, and such of the provisions of the Loans (Incumbents of Benefices) 8&9 Geo.5.

Amendment Act, 1918, and of the Acts mentioned in the c. 42.

First Schedule thereto as are applicable to a loan made

under the said section of the said first-mentioned Act.

6. Section three of the principal Measure (which Consenting

relates to consenting bodies of cathedral churches) shall b? d y of

have effect as if the cathedral church of Liverpool had Q^thedral

never been inserted in the Second Schedule to the c ra '

principal Measure, and as if the following paragraph

had always been inserted between paragraphs (ii) and (iii)

of subsection (1), namely :—

" (iia) In the case of the cathedral church of

Liverpool the principal chapter as defined by the

statutes of that cathedral church established under

an Order in Council dated the 29th day of June,

1931; and"

7 . If a cathedral chapter of the cathedral church of Provisions

Newcastle shall be established by a scheme under the relating to

principal Measure and constituted a body corporate patronage

with powers to hold rights of patronage, such cathedral

chapter shall for all the purposes of section twelve of the diocese 1

the Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884, (which relates to the of JVew-

transfer of the patronage of benefices in the diocese of castle.

Newcastle) be deemed to be the dean and chapter of 47 & 48Viet.

Newcastle mentioned in that section. c. 33.

8 . The proviso to section nineteen of the Ecclesi- Amendment

astical Commissioners Act, 1850, (which imposes a of proviso

limitation upon the value of the benefice which may be to section 19

held by the dean of a cathedral church) shall have effect of 13 & 14

Vict. c. 94.

XII

No. 3.

Cathedrals 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1934.

Section 12 of the

principal

Measure not to

apply to Durham

cathedral.

Transfer of

stock.

Interpretation.

Short title,

&e.

as if the words "except with the consent of the bishop

and of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners " were added

at the end thereof.

9 . Section twelve of the principal Measure shall not

apply to land forming part of the endowment of the

Cathedral Church of Durham.

10 . The following provisions shall be added to

section sixteen of the principal Measure (that is to

say)

" The production of a copy of such scheme purporting

to be sealed with the common seal of the

Commissioners shall be sufficient authority to

any company in whose books any stock transferred by such scheme is standing to transfer

the stock into the name of the transferee

named in such scheme and to pay the dividends

thereon to such transferee, and such stock

shall be transferred and such dividends paid

accordingly.

‘ Company’includes the Bank of England and

any company or person keeping books in which

any stock is registered or inscribed.

* Stock’includes any share, annuity or other

security."

11. In this Measure—

the expression "churchyard " includes a closed

churchyard;

the expression "minor canonry " includes the

office held by any clerk in Holy Orders,

however designated, who performs the duties

of a minor canon in a cathedral church.

12 . This Measure may be cited as the Cathedrals

(Amendment) Measure, 1934, and shall be construed

as one Measure with the principal Measure, and these

Measures may be cited together as the Cathedral Measures,

1931 and 1934.

TABLE III

Showing the Effect of the Legislation of the Third

Session of the Thirty-Sixth Parliament of the

United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Northern Ireland.

(November 21, 1933 —November 16, 1934.)

FORMER ACTS

(IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ENACTMENTS OF

24 & 25 GEO. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

10 Will. 3:

c. 23

Act for suppressing

Repealed except as to N.I.

e. 68, ss. 32, 33

8 Anne:

c. 18

of Lotteries.

Landlord and Ten-

S. 1 excluded and substi-

(2) (3), sch. 2.

53, ss. 134, 193

9 Ann©:

o. 6

ant Act, 1709.

Lotteries Act, 1710

tuted.

Repealed except as to N.I.

(3).

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

8 Geo. 1:

o. 2

Lotteries Act, 1721

Repealed except as to N.I.

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

9 Geo. 1:

e. 19

Lotteries Act, 1722

Ss. 4, 5 repealed except as

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 68, ss. 32, 33

6 Geo. 2:

c. 35

Lotteries Act, 1732

to N.I.

Repealed except as to N.I.

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

12 Geo. 2:

c. 28

Gaming Act, 1738 -

Ss. I, 3, 5-7, 9 repealed, 2, 4

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

42 Geo. 3:

c. 119 -

Gaming Act, 1802 -

repealed in part, except as

to N.I.

Repealed except as to N.I.

46 Geo. 3:

c. 148 -

Lotteries Act, 1806

Repealed except as to N.I.

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

1 & 2 Geo. 4:

c. 54

Clerk of Assize (Ire-

S. 2, statutory salary in

(2) (3), sch. 2.

24.

land) Act, 1821.

part restored.

Yy

XIV

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5,

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

4 Geo. 4:

c. 60

Lotteries Act, 1823

Repealed except as to N.I.

c. 68, ss. 32, 33

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 76

Marriage Act, 1823

Publication of banns by

lay persons; extension of

s. 6. See Banns of Marriage Measure (24 & 25

Geo. 6. No. 2).

7 & 8 Geo. 4:

o. 53

Excise Management

Act, 1827.

S. 69 applied (spirit duty) -

32, s. 12 (2).

1 & 2 Will. 4:

c. 66

Illicit Distillation

(Ireland) Act,

1831.

Constitution of court—see -

32, s. 16.

2* 3 Will. 4:

c. 116

Lord Lieutenants ’

S. 3 (as adapted to Governor

24.

and Lord Chancellors’ Salaries

(Ireland) Act,

1832.

of N.I.)—see

3 & 4 Will. 4:

’ c. 42

Civil Procedure Act,

1833.

Ss. 28-9 repealed

41, s. 3 (2).

c. 80

Lighting and

Watching Act,

1833.

Further lighting powers—

see

60, s. 23.

4 & 5 Will. 4:

0. 70

House of Commons

Officers Act, 1834.

S. 1, Speaker’s salary in

part restored.

24.

6 & 7 Will 4:

o. 66

Lotteries Act, 1836

Repealed except as to N.I.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

(2) (3), sch. 2.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 66

Act as to City of

Edinburgh.

S. 33 repealed -

v, schedule (s.

368, sch. 13,

and see s. 204).

c. 118 -

Court of Session

(No. 2) Act, 1838.

S. 24, statutory salary of

Auditor of Accounts in

part restored.

24.

3'& 4 Vict.:

o. 113 -

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1840.

S. 30 excluded -

Ss. 69, 66 amended, s. 45

and sch. prosp. excluded,

by Cathedrals (Amdt.)

Measure (24 & 26 Geo. 6.

No. 3, ss. 1 (iv), (v), 3, 6).

xxiv, s. 4.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 16

Companies Clauses

Consolidation Act,

1846.

Excluded -

28, s. 26 (1).

o. 18

Lands Clauses Con-

Act applicable, ss. 84-90

20, ss. 3 (3) (7),

solidation Act,

restricted.

12 (2).

1846.

Applied ....

53, ss. 34 (2),

193 (3).

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation,

xv

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 19

Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845.

Ss. 83-8 restricted -

20, ss. 3 (7),

11 (2), 12 (2).

c. 74

Lotteries Act, 1845

Repealed except as to N.I.

c. 58, ss. 32, 33

(2) (3), sch. 2.

c. 83

Poor Law (Scot-

Ss. 72 repealed, 55, 70,

52, ss. 3 (1) (2),

land) Act, 1845.

73-4 amended, 71, 75

excluded; rules, &c.,

under s. 64 in part revoked.

5, 6, 9 (2),

11 (2), 16, 17

(1) (2), 18 (3),

sch.

9 & 10 Vict.:

c. 48

Art Unions Act,

Amended and saved, except

58, ss. 25, 33 (2)

1846.

as to N.I.

(3).

c. 93

Fatal Accidents

Act, 1846.

Extended, &c. ...

41, ss. 1 (5), 2.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 15

Gasworks Clauses

S. 13 amended; Act in part

28, ss. 6 (5) (5),

Act, 1847.

applied; provision for

applying Act by special

order.

7, 9 (3), 17 (4),

36 (2) (3).

c. 17

Waterworks Clauses

Ss. 28-34 applied

15, ss. 1 (4), 8. •

Act, 1847.

Act applicable, ss. 28-34

applicable by order.

Ss. 19-28, 30—4 applicable

by order.

20, ss. 2 (o),

3 (3), 12 (2).

36, s. 3 (1).

12 & 13 Vict:

c. 45

Quarter Sessions

Act, 1849.

Applied ....

58, ss. 16 (2), '

33 (2).

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 94

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1850.

S. 19 amended by Cathedrals (Arndt.) Measure

(24 & 25 Geo. 6. No. 3,

s. 8).

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 119 -

Betting Act, 1853 -

Excluded (E. S.)

58, ss. 12, 33 (2)

(3).

c. 137 -

Charitable Trusts

Excluded - -

43, s. 7.

Act, 1853.

Ss. 37-40 saved

53, ss.l92 (5)(a),

193 (3) (replacing c. 40, s. 2

(2), sch. Part

III).

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 80

Registration of

Ss. 36 and in part 26 re-

19, ss. 1-3, 5, 6,

Births, Deaths

and Marriages

(Scotland) Act,

1854.

pealed, 6 extended (Jan. 1,

1935).

7(2).

c. 91

Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act,

1854.

S. 20 amended (name and

appointment of assessor),

s. 29 applied.

22, ss. 1, 3.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 120 -

Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

Ss. 68-9, 203 and in part

202 repealed.

Yy 2

xl, s. 76, soh.

XVI

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 6.

20 & 21 Vict.:

c. 77

Court of Probate

Ss. 66-7 in part and 68

17, ss. 34 (2),

22 Vict.:

Act, 1867.

repealed (prosp.).

Ss. 66-7 repealed (prosp.) -

35 (4), sch. 6

Part II.

53, s. 193, sch.

6.

o. 26

Superannuation

Act, 1859.

Applied, s. 10 excluded

53, ss. 21 (1) (2)

(4) (6), 191 (w),

193 (3).

24* 25 Vict.:

c. 47

Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c.,

Act, 1861.

Ss. 22-40 repealed (Ramsgate Harbour).

xcii, ss. 4, 6, 50.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 87

Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863.

S. 16 extended -

37, s. 1 (2).

27 & 28 Vict.:

e. 55

Metropolitan Police

Act, 1864.

S. 1 excluded (Middlesex) -

lxxxix, s. 147.

30 & 31 Vict.:

e. 5

Dog Licences Act,

1867.

S. 8 applied (disqualification

for cruelty), in Scotland.

26, ss. 3, 4 (2).

31 & 32 Vict.:

e. 71

County Courts Ad-

Ss. 3-5, 7, 10-6, 18-9, 23 in

17, 88. 12, 14,

15 (2)—(4), 28

miralty Jurisdic-

part, 26-8, 30-1, 33, 35-6

tion Act, 1868.

repealed, 8 repealed in

part as replaceable by

rules, ss. 2, 22, 24 amended,

32 applied (prosp.).

Ss. 26-7, 32 modified

(prosp.).

Act repealed with savings,

and transitional provisions (prosp.).

(1), 29, 30 (1)

(rf), 34, 35 (4),

sells. 4, 6 (superseded by

c. 63 below).

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

1 Parts I, II (superseded by

c. 63 below).

53, ss. 65 (3), 99

(3) (d), 190,

192 (2), 193,

schs. 3, 4 Part

III para. 8 and

sch. 6.

c. 100 -

Court of Session

Act, 1868.

S. 91 applied

29, ss. 13 (2),

32 (6).

32 & 33 Vict.: '

c. 61

County Courts Admiralty Jurisdic-

Ss. 2-5 repealed (prosp.) -

17, ss. 14, 34,

35 (4), sch. 5.

tion Arndt. Act,

1869.

Act repealed (prosp.)

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

c. 115 -

Metropolitan Public Carriage Act,

1869.

S. 8 (as amended, applied,

&c.j amended.

50, ss. 39, 42 (3).

33 & 34 Vict.:

1

c. 15

County Court

S. 4 amended and saved

17, ss. 4, 29, 34,

(Buildings) Act,

1870.

(prosp.).

Act repealed (prosp.) with

saving.

35 (4), schs. 4,

5.

53, ss. 192 (9),

193, sch. 5.

c. 91

Clerical Disabilities

Act, 1870.

Power to -resume clerical

duties; vacation of enrolment, &c. See Measure,

24 & 25 Geo. 5. No. 1.

A.D. 1933-34. Effect of Legislation.

xvii

Session and

Chapter,

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 41

Gasworks Clauses

Ss. 12, 28-30, 33, 36, sch. A

28, ss. 6 (6),

Act, 1871.

repealed in part, ss. 21-2

amended, 11, 22 saved,

11 (1) excluded; provision for applying Act by

special order (prosp.)

(E. S.).

9 (3), 17 (3),

20 (3) (5), 21,

33, 36 (2) (3),

sch. 3 Part III.

35 & 3tiVict.:

c. 51

Judges’ Salaries

Act, 1872.

Act repealed as to county

court judges in England

(prosp.).

63, s. 193, sch. 5.

c. 77

Metalliferous Mines

Regulation Act,

1872.

Ss. 14, 19 applied

36, s. 7.

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 52

Intestates Act,

Act repealed as to England

17, ss. 34 (2),

1873.

(prosp.).

35 (3) (4), sch. 5

Part II.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 42

Building Societies

Act, 1874.

S. 36 saved ...

53, ss.192 (5) (6),

193 (3) (replacing c. 40, s. 2

(2), Bch. Part

III).

38 & 39Viet.:

c. 27

Intestates Act,

Act repealed as to E.

17, ss. 34 (2),

1875.

(prosp.).

35 (3) (4), sch. 5

Part II.

c. 55

Public Health Act,

1875.

Ss. 161, 276 excluded

50, s. 23.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 36

Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Applied ....

31, 88. 1 (4),

2 (3), 6 (4),

7(2).

o. 49

Burghs Gas Supply

(Scotland) Act,

1876.

Applied ....

28, s. 34.

e. 66

Commons Act, 1876

S. 30 amended (prosp.)

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part I.

c. 59

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

S. 6, statutory salaries in

part restored.

S. 5 extended ...

24.

40, s. 1 (2).

c. 75

Rivers Pollution

Act, 1876.

S. 11 amended (prosp.)

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part I.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2

Treasury Bills Act,

S. 6 excluded -

3, s. 3 (2).

1877.

S. 6 excluded ...

44, s. 2 (2).

c. 56

County Officers and

Courts (Ireland)

Act, 1877.

S. 86 (3), statutory salary

in part restored.

24.

c. 57

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877.

S. 18 (statutory salaries in

part restored).

24.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 76

Telegraph Act, 1878

S. 4 saved

53, ss. 192 (5)

(c), 193 (3) (re-

placing c. 40.

s. 2 (2), sch.

Part III).

XVIII

Effect of Legislation . 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 6.

43 & 44 Vict.:

e. 24

Spirits Act, 1880 -

S. 95 (5) excluded; s. 95

applicable by regulations

to warehousing in bottles.

32, s. 13.

44 & 45 Vict.:

e. 58

Army Act

Continued, ss. 184B, 188 (2)

11, ss. 2, 4, 5, 7,

(as

amended).

added, 190 (27) substituted, 56 (5), 91 (1) (3)

(4), 163 (1) (6), 190 (4)

amended.

sch. 2.

45 & 46 Vict.:

e. 48

Reserve Forces Act,

1882.

S. 11 (1) excluded -

6.

c. 81

Somersham Rectory

Act, 1882.

Ss. 6, 9, 10, 12—4 repealed,

4, 7 amended, 11 explained.

xv, ss. 3-5, 15.

46 & 47 Vict.:

t

c. 22

Soa Fisheries Act,

1883.

Ss. 12, 14 applied (as

modified), s. 14 (2)

amended.

18, ss. 3, 5.

c. 62

Bankruptcy Act,

Ss. 42, 122 (5) amended

17, ss. 29, 35 (4),

1883.

(prosp.).

Ss. 42, 122, 127 repealed;

s. 145 repealed as to

certain sales (prosp.).

sch. 4.

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 33

Newcastle Chapter

Act, 1884.

S. 12 amended (prosp). by

Cathedrals (Amdt.) Measure (24 & 25 Geo. 5.

No. 3, s. 7).

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 14

Marriage Act, 1886-

S. 1 amended -

13.

c. 27

Guardianship of

Infants Act, 1886.

S. 10 saved ...

53, ss. 192(6 )(d),

193 (3) (replacing c. 40, s. 2

(2), sch. Part

III).

c. 67

Parliamentary Elections (Returning

Officers) Act

(1875) Amdt. Act,

1886.

S. 1 saved

53, ss. 192 (5) (e),

193 (3) (replacing c. 40, s. 2

(2), sch. Part

III).

60 & 51 Vict.:

o. 16

National Debt and

Local Loans Act,

1887.

Applied ....

48, s. 1 (2).

e. 35

Criminal Procedure

(Scotland) Act,

1887.

S. 45, statutory salaries in

part restored.

24.

c. 67

Superannuation

Applied, s. 4 (as amended)

53, ss. 21, 29 (2)

Act, 1887.

j

extended.

(4). 193 (3).

61 & 52 Vict.:

c. 41

Local Government

Act, 1888.

Ss. 16, 80 (3) repealed,

28 (2), 75 repealed in

part, as to London.

S. 30 extended

xl, s. 76, sch.

58, ss. 5 (1) (c),

33 (2).

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation.

six

Session and

Chapter.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 43

62*63 Vict.:

c. 23

o. 30

c. 49

53 & 64 Vict.:

o. 7

c. 10 -

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

County Courts Act,

1888.

Ss. 110-2 applied (agric.

holdings arbitrations).

Ss. 5, 6, 26, 39. 68, 61, 68-

71, 114-5, 127, 138-45,

169, 171, 173-4, 177-8

repealed, 4, 8, 11, 14-6,

18, 21, 27, 33-5, 41, 60,

54-5, 59, 60, 64, 67, 72,

102, 111-2, 118, 120-1,

126, 131, 146, 158-9, 162,

168, 175, 181, 186-6 repealed in part; ss. 22,

42-3, 73-7, 79, 80, 82,

84-5, 87-91, 101, 107-10,

113, 119, 130, 133 and in

part ss. 33, 66, 59, 92-3,

106, 118, 129 repealed as

replaceable by rules; ss.

3, 67 (1), 83, 166 substituted, provisions as to

Lancaster in ss. 8, 18 substituted, certain references

substituted; ss. 1, 10, 13,

14, ss. 18, 21 (7).

17, ss. 1, 2 (3)

(4), 3 (10)-(12),

4(1), 6(1) (2),

6, 7, 8 (3), 14-5,

16 (4), 21 (7),

24, 26, 27-9,

30 (1), 31 (3),

32-3, 34, 35(4),

schs. 4, 5 (superseded on

consolidation).

23, 27-8, 31-2, 40-1, 48,

60-1, 64, 56-7, 59 (1), 60,

62-4, 72, 78, 93-4, 100,

104, 111, 121, 126, 137,

151, 157-8, 160-3, 175,

183, 186 amended; 20-1,

103, 120, 123, 163 applied,

164 extended, 8, 67, 120,

180 saved, 65, 105, 179

excluded (prosp.).

S. 67 in part excluded

Ss. 120, 122 amended, 120,

124 excluded (prosp.).

Act repealed (prosp.) with

savings and transitional

provisions and with substitution of certain references.

23, ss.5 (2), 7 (2).

40, s. 2, sch.

(superseded on

consolidation).

53, ss. 48 (2),

99 (3) (d ), 134

(8), 168 (m ),

190, 192 (2) (4),

193, schs. 3-5.

Herring Fishery

(Scotland) Act,

1889.

Board of Agriculture Act, 1889.

Arbitration Act,

1889.

S. 6 amended (and 1890 re- 18, ss. 4 (1), 5-7,

placement repealed). sch.

S. 5 (2), statutory salary in

part restored.

Ss. 7 (6), 19, sch. 1 paras, (c)

(e) and in part (d) repealed, (6) substituted and

(j) (k) added, ss. 5 (c),

11-2 amended, 10 (2)

applied, " award " defined (prosp.).

24.

14, ss. 6 (1),

6 (3), 7, 10, 15,

21, sch. 3.

Commissioners for

Oaths Amend -

ment Act, 1890.

Herring Fishery

(Scotland) Act

Amendment Act,

1890.

Act repealed (prosp.)

Act repealed

17, ss. 34 (2), 36

(4), sch. 5 Part

II.

18, s. 7, sch.

XX

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How aSected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 37

Foreign Jurisdiction

Act, 1890.

S. 5 extended ...

49, s. 13 (2).

o. 71

Bankruptcy Act,

1890.

Ss. 12 as to certain sales

and 28 repealed (prosp.).

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 8

Tithe Act, 1891 -

S. 7 amended (prosp.)

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part I.

e. 39

Stamp Act, 1891 -

S. 112 excluded (new Cu-

narder).

10, s. 2 (2).

c. 68

County Councils

(Elections) Act,

1891.

S. 6 repealed as to London

xl, s. 76, sch.

c. 76

Public Health (London) Act, 1891.

Ss. 20 (5), 99 (3) repealed,

99 (4), 114, 117 (1), sch. 1

repealed in part.

xl, s. 76, sch.

55 & 66 Vict.:

e. 23

Foreign Marriage

Act, 1892.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

S. 8 (2) amended

13.

c. 65

S. 412 in part repealed

50, ss. 30, 42 (3).

66 & 57 Vict.:

c. 12

Day Industrial

Schools (Scotland)

Act, 1893.

S. 4 applied ...

29, ss. 14 (2), 32

(7).

c. 66

Rules Publication

S. 1 excluded ...

31, s. 4 (2).

Act, 1893.

S. 1 excluded •

54, s. 6 (2).

c. 73

Local Government

Act, 1894.

S. 16 (rural water supplies)

—see

7.

57*68 Vict.:

o. 15

Music and Dancing

Licences (Middlesex) Act, 1894.

S. 2 (7) substituted -

lxxxix, a. 149.

o. 30

Finance Act, 1894

S. 2 (1) (d)amended -

32, b. 28.

c. 67

Diseases of Animals

S. 31 repealed as to London

xl, ss. 3 (1). 76,

Act, 1894.

County Council.

sch.

c. 60

Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894.

S. 496 (3) extended -

Ss. 547-9 repealed as to

summary determination

of salvage dispute in

county court, ss. 656

amended, 166, 167, 544-5

saved (prosp.).

Ss. 692-3 applied, 373 (6)

excluded.

Ss. 655 amended, 165, 167,

644-5 saved (prosp.).

14, ss. 16 (3) (4),

21 (6) Cull, ss. 13, 39, 34,

35 (4), schs. 4,

5.

18, ss. 1 (4) (5),

2.

53, ss. 56 (1) (c)

(f) (8), 1»3 (3).

68* 59 Vict.:

18, s. 7, sch.

e. 42

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland)

Act, 1895.

S. 10 (4)—(6) repealed

60 & 61 Vict.:

22, ss. 3, 4-

c. 12

Railway Assessors

(Scotland) Superannuation Act,

1897.

Act repealed ...

c. 30

Police (Property)

Act, 1897.

Applied (E. and N.I.)

56, ss. 2 (4). 4 (3).

61 *62 Vict.:

52, s. 3 (!)•

c. 21

Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1898.

S. 3 repealed -

A.D. 1933-34. Effect of Legislation.

xxi

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 26 Geo. 5.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 44

Merchant Shipping

(Mercantile Marine Fund) Act,

1898.

S. 3 excluded (new Cu-

narder).

10, s. 2 (1).

o. 46

Revenue Act, 1898

S. 1 (ii) in part repealed, except as to N.I.

c. 68, ss. 32, 33

(2) (3), sch. 2.

62*63 Vict.:

c. 9

Finance Act, 1899

S. 8, " loan capital " restricted.

32, ss. 29, 30 (6).

c. 14

London Government Act, 1899.

Ss. 2 (7), 8 (1) (2) repealed,

2 (4) (5), 8 (3), seh. 2

Part II repealed in part.

xl, s. 76, sch.

e. 44

Small Dwellings

Acquisition Act,

1899.

S. 6 (6), references substituted.

63, s. 48 (2).

63 & 64 Vict.:

o. 46

Members of Local

Authorities Relief

Act, 1900.

Repealed as to London

xl, 8. 76, sch.

e. 47

County Courts

Act repealed (prosp.) with

17, ss. 21 (7), 34,

(Investment) Act,

transitional arrangements

35 (4), schs. 3

1900.

under rules.

(10), 6; andsee

c. 63, s.158 (m).

c. 62

Colonial Stock Act,

1900.

Alternative to 3rd condition prescribed under s. 2

(Dominion stocks).

47.

1 Edw. 7:

c. 22

Factory and Work-

Ss. 80-1 applied (as modi-

28, ss. 9 (4), 36

shop Act, 1901.

fied).

Ss. 119, 121 applied, Act

saved.

(2) (3).

42, ss. 13 (3),

16 (1) (6); and

see s. 1 (4).

c. 36

Public Works Loans

Act, 1901.

S. 3 (2) (Eyemouth) (repealed by S.L.R. Act,

Act, 1927 )—see

48, s. 3.

2 Edw. 7:

o. 17

Midwives Act,

1902.

S. 8 repealed in part as to

London.

xl, 8. 76, sell.

3 Edw. 7:

e. 42

County Courts Act,

1903.

S. 6 repealed (prosp.)

Act repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 34 (2), 35

(4), sch. 5 Part

II.

63, s. 193, sch. 6.

6 Edw. 7:

o. 14

Alkali &c., Works

Regulation Act,

1906.

S. 17 (5) amended (prosp.)

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part I.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 41

8 Edw. 7:

Whale Fisheries

(Scotland) Act,

1907.

Saved ....

49, s. 17 (2).

o. 26

Naval Marriages

Act, 1908.

S. 1 saved by Banns of

Marriage Measure (24 &

26 Geo. 6. No. 2, s. 1 (3)).

49, s. 17 (2).

c. 31

W hale Fisheries

(Ireland) Act,

1908.

Saved ....

c. 66

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland)

Act, 1908.

S. 49 saved ...

18, s. I (4).

xxii

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 10

1 Superannuation

Act, 1909.

1

Applied, ss. 2 (as amended),

3, 6 (2) excluded.

53, ss. 21 (l)-(3)

(5), 29, 191(u>),

193 (3).

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 49

Small Landholders

(Scotland) Act,

1911.

S. 6 temporarily amended

35.

e. 60

Coal Mines Act,

1911.

Ss. 20-1 applied

36, s. 7.

e. 57

Maritime Conventions Act, 1911.

S. 5 repealed as to county

courts (E.) (prosp.).

17, ss. 34, 35 (4),

sch. 5.

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 3

Shops Act, 1912 -

Ss. 2 repealed, 3 (1)

amended, 13-4 applied,

s. 1, sch. 1 extended as

modified, s. 17 extended,

a. 1 (1) excluded.

42, ss. 9, 12,

13 (1) (4), 15

(1), 18 (2)—(4);

and see a. 5 (6).

e. 14

Protection of Animals (Scotland)

Act, 1912.

Power to disqualify for

dog licence on conviction

of cruelty to dog.

25.

c. 24

Shops Act, 1913 •

S. 1 (1) (a) restricted

42, s. 5 (5);

and see a. 5 (6).

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

e. 3

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act,

1913.

S. 2 applied

32, s. 21 (2).

c. 20

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

S. 118 extended

23, ss. 3 (6) (a),

7 (2).

c. 27

Forgery Act, 1913

Definition of " forgery "

applied.

49, s. 9.

c. 28

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1913.

Ss. 28, 66 repealed as to

London.

xl, s. 76, sch.

c. 34

Bankruptcy and

Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1913.

Ss. 15 as to certain sales,

and 18 repealed.

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 58

Criminal Justice

Administration

Act, 1914.

S. 5 applied ...

49, s. 16.

c. 59

Bankruptcy Act,

1914.

S. 33 extended -

Ss. 35, 40-1 saved

23, ss. 3 (0) (a),

7(2).

53, ss. 130 (ii),

134(8), 193(3).

c. 86

Superannuation

Act, 1914.

Applied and excluded

53, ss. 21, 29,

191 (w), 193

(3).

5 & C Geo. 5:

c. 61

(as

Government of

India Act.

S. 3(8), statutory salaries in

part restored.

24.

amended).

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

e. 51

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917.

S. 6 extended -

Modifications in Part I of

sch. 2 applied.

5.

11, s. 6.

Air Force Act

Continued, ss. 188 (2)

added, 190 (27) substituted, 56 (5), 91 (1) (3)

(4), 156(9) (a), 163(1) (6),

175 (1), 190 (4) amended.

11, ss. 2, 4^6, 8,

schs. 2, 3.

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation.

xxiii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 26 Geo. 6.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 40

Income Tax Act,

1918.

Sch. A, Rule 6 of No. Ill

repealed; annual provision; amendments, &c.,

as to tax.

32, ss. 19-22, 30,

sch. 4.

c. 48

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

S. 16 (8) applied

29, ss. 14 (2), 32

(7).

c. 62

Petroleum (Production) Act,

1918.

Repealed (except as to N.I.),

with saving for licences.

36, ss. 1 (1), 11

(2) (3), sch.

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 37

War Loan Act, 1919

S. 1 (1) applied

S. 1 (1) extended

10, s. 1 (2).

32, s. 23.

c. 70

County Court

Judges (Retirement Pensions and

Deputies) Act,

1919.

S. 4 (I) amended (prosp.) -

Act repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 29, 36 (4),

sch. 4.

53, s. 193, sch. 6.

c. 73

County Courts Act,

1919.

Ss. 4 (1) in part, 18 (2),

22 (3) repealed, 6 (2)-(4),

7, 8, 10, 13, 24 (2) repealed as replaceable by

rules, ss. 6 (1) amended,

1, 6 excluded (prosp.).

Act repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 8 (3), 16

(4), 19, 20, 29,

30 (1) (d), 34

(1) (3), 35 (4),

schs. 4, 5.

63, ss. 99 (3) (d ),

193, sclis. 3, 6.

c. 91

Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries

Act, 1919.

Land Settlement

(Scotland) Act,

1919.

S. 7 (1) (2) (ii) repealed in

part.

xl, s. 76, sch.

c. 97

S. 1, grant temporarily increased.

35.

10 & 11 Geo.6:

c. 17

Increase of Rent

and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

County court proceedings

(no jury)—see

63, ss. 91 (1) (6),

193 (3).

c. 18

Finance Act, 1920

S. 13, sch. 2 amended; sch.

2 paras. 1, 6 substituted.

32, s. 18, sch. 3.

c. 28

Gas Regulation

Act, 1920.

Ss. 4 (3) (4), 9 (4) and in

part 18 repealed, 16 (2),

28 (3) substituted, 1 (6),

6 (2), 6 (2) (3), 7 (3), 10(1),

16(2), 17-8, 20 amended,

2-10, 15 (1) extended,

6 (1), 10 (3)-(5), 16-7

applied; provision for expenses under s. 7 (2)

(prosp.).

Ss. 4(1) in part, 6(1), 7(1)

(2) in part, 8 (6) (c), 9 (6)

repealed, 9(6) substituted,

6 (2H4) amended (1.1.35)

Ss. 4, 7 (1) (2) (a) (6) repealed, 6, 6, 8, 9 substituted (1.1.39).

28, ss. 9 (4) (7),

13 (6), 14 (2),

15-6, 28-9, 31

(1), 32 (l)-(3),

33(1), 35, 36(2)

(3), sells. 2

Part I, 3 Part

I.

28, ss. 12 (1),

31 (2), 32 (1)

(2), 33 (2), 36

(2) (3), sclis. 2

Part II, 3 Part

II.

28, ss. 31 (3),

32 (1) (2), 33

(3) schs. 2 Part

III. 3 Part III.

xxiv Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo,

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

j

How affected.

Chaptef

24 & 25 G 00 - 5.

10 & 11 Geo.5:

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

Ss. 4 (with saving), 7 (1)

proviso, 8 (2)in part, 12

(3) proviso, 15-6, 41 (2)

repealed, 5 (6 ), 7 (1) (v),

12 (2), 17 (3), 47 (1) (e)

substituted, 10 (1)(e),

12 (4), 35 (1) (h) added,

1, 3 (1) (c) (d), 5 (7), 7

(1)(statutory conditions),

10 (1) (6 ), 17 (1) (a), 20,

22 (7), 33, 35 (1) (c), 41

(1), soh. 1 Part I para, (c)

amended; new provision

for making regulations;

power to amend ss. 7,

8, 41 by order approved

by Parliament; references

to orders &c. construed

as references to regulations; ss. 17 (4), 22 (3)

40 (2) applied, 22, 35

extended, 22 (1)saved.

29, ss. 0 (2),

6 (2), 7* (2),

9 (2), 19

(1H4), £ (2),

22-5, 2»> 31

(1), 34, 64 (2)

(3), schi*- 3

Part II, 6, 9

Part Is and

see ss. t" (3),

30 (a) aii c sch.

1 Part il Para.

3.

c. 43

Firearms Act, 1920

S. 3 (1A) (IB) substituted

for subs. (1), s. 12 (1) (2)

amended (E.S.).

16.

e. 49

Blind Persons Act,

1920.

S. 2 (4) repealed as to

London County Council.

xl, ss. 3 (1), 76,

sch.

c. 50

Mining Industry

Act, 1920.

S. 20 (as amended) extent led and amended, s.

20 (3) excluded (E.S.).

9, ss. 1, 2 (l),

3 (2) (4), 4

(2) (a) (3).

o. 67

Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

S. 37 (3) amended on part

restoration of statutory

salaries.

24.

<M

V

Roads Act, 1920 -

S. 2 temporarily amended

32, s. 26.

e. 77

Dyestuffs (Import

Regulation) Act,

1920.

Act made permanent, ss. 5

(1)repealed, 1 (1)amended, 3 added, new subss.

(6>-(9) substituted for

s. 2 (0 ), power to renumber sections &c. on reprint.

6 .

c. 80

Air Navigation

Act, 1920.

S. 11, &c. (admiralty county court jurisdiction)—

see

63, ss. 56 (1)

(c), 193 (3).

e. 81

Administration of

Justice Act, 1920

S. 16 repealed (prosp.)

Ss. 3 (2) and 15 repealed as

to county courts.

14, 8. 21, sch. 3.

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5:

c. 1

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921.

Ss. 5 in part and 7 repealed

29, 88. 18(1) (2),

33, 64 (2) (3),

sch. 9 Part I.

e. 12

Public Health (Tuberculosis) Act,

1921.

S. 4 repealed as to London

xl, s. 76, sch.

c. 15

Unemployment Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1921.

Ss. 4, 10 and in part 16 (1)

repealed, 9 applied.

29, ss. 8 (2), 25

(3), 64 (2) (3),

sch. 9 Part t.

o. 42

Licensing Act, 1921

S. 1 (permitted hours)amen-

ded.

26.

c. 47

Safeguarding of In-

dustries Act, 1921.

Part I amended

32, ss. 4, 5.

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation.

XXV

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 26 Geo. 6.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

e. 61

Education Act,

1921.

Ss. 45, 78 applied - - j

29, s. 14 (2); and

see s. 31 (4).

o. 62

Exchequer and

Audit Departments Act, 1921.

S. 7 (1), statutory salary

in part restored.

24.

c. 68

Trusts (Scotland)

Act, 1921.

S. 10 (a) (6) (7) applied

37, s.l(l) (a).

c. 64

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

(Scotland) Act,

1921.

Made permanent (as amended) except s. 2 (4); ss. 1

(1) (2), 3 (4) amended.

52, ss. 1(1), 2(1),

18(3).

12 & 13 Geo.5:

c. 7

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922.

Ss. 7, 8 repealed, 1 (1), 16

(1) repealed in part, 14 (1)

substituted, 1 (la) added;

power to amend s. 1 by

order approved by Parliament.

29, ss. 17, 29, 64

(2) (3), sclis. 3

Part II, 6, 9

Part I.

c. 16

Law of Property

Act, 1922.

Limits of county court

jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

In ss. 129 (1), 132, 139 (1)

(v), seh. 12 paras. (6) (8)

limits of county court

jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

17, ss. 7, 36 (4),

sch. 2.

63, 88.62(3), 193

(3), sch. 2.

c. 34

Whale Fisheries

(Scotland) Act,

1922.

Saved ....

49, s. 17 (2).

c. 64

Milk and Dairies

(Amendment)

Act, 1922.

S. 3 substituted (with

saving for orders), s. 14

(a) amended.

51, bs. 10, 14 (2).

13 Geo. 6.

seas. 2.

c. 2

Irish Free State

(Consequential

Provisions) Act,

1922.

Sch. 1 para. 1 (2) amended

(statutory Balary in part

restored).

24.

13 & 14 Geo.5:

c. 2

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1923.

Ss. 4, 6 (2) proviso, sch. 1

repealed, s. 6 (1) (2) (6)

amended; power to

amend s. 6 by order approved by Parliament; s.

6 applied.

29, ss. 17, 29, 42

(2), 64 (2) (3),

schs. 3 Part II,

6, 9 Part I.

c. 6

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923.

S. 3 in part repealed -

52, ss. 1 (1), 18

(3).

c. 9

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

S. 16 (5A) (6B) added (as to

ss. 111-2 of 1888 Act see

now 24-6 Geo. 6. c. 63 ss.

81, 83; as to s. 110 see

24-6 Geo. 6. c. 63, ss. 99

(3) (d), 192 (6), sch. 3).

14, s. IS.

c. 14

Finance Act, 1923

S. 13 (4) amended

32, s. 15.

c. 20

Mines (Working

Facilities and Support) Act, 1923.

Part I applied (petroleum)

36, ss. 3, 11(3).

14 & 15 Geo.5:

o. 8

Trade Facilities

Act, 1924.

S. 3(1), period extended -

12.

XXVI

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

14 & 15 Geo.5:

c. 9

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

Continuance

(Scotland) Act,

1924.

Repealed as to duration of

1921 Act.

52, ss. 1 (1), 18

(3).

c. 17

County Courts Act,

1924.

Ss. 8 repealed as replaceable

by rules, 7(1) repealed in

part, 3 amended (prosp.).

Ss. 1, 2, 3 (2H5), 4 (3) (4),

7-9, 11 (3) (5), Bch. 1

para. 4 and schs. 2 and 3

repealed, ss. 3 (1), 4 (5),

5 (5), 11 (1) (2) repealed

in part (prosp.) with

savings and transitional

provisions.

17, ss. 6 (7), 29,

30 (1) (d), 34

(1) (3), 36 (4),

schs. 4, 6.

63, ss. 99 (3) (d),

190, 193, sells.

3-5.

o. 21

Finance Act, 1924

S. 18 (1) in part repealed

(prosp.), s. 12 (1) (6) (2)

modified.

32, ss. 14, 18(3),

30, sch. 4.

e. 24

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924.

S. 4 continued -

46, s. 4.

e. 30

Unemployment Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

Ss. 1 (5), 11, 15 and in part

sch. 2 repealed, s. 6, sch. 1

Part I para. 6 substituted,

s. 1 (4), sch. 1 Part I para.

4 amended; power to

amend s. 1 (4) and sch. 1

Part I by order approved

by Parliament.

29, ss. 17, 29,

64 (2) (3), schs.

3 Part 11, 5, 9

Part I.

c. 38

National Health Insurance Act, 1924.

S. 89 applied; benefit to be

regarded.

S. 105 (1) repealed as to

Scotland.

Maternity benefit and outdoor relief (E.).

29, ss. 36 (3),

38 (3).

52, ss. 11 (3) (4),

18(3).

69, s. 1.

15 & 16 Geo.5:

c. 12

British Sugar (Subsidy) Act, 1925.

Extended, s. 1 (1), sch. 1

amended.

39.

c. 14

Housing Act, 1925

S. Ill (1) repealed as to

L.C.C. and metrop. borough councils.

xl, ss. 3 (1), 76,

sch.

c. 18

Settled Land Act,

1925.

S. 113 (3) repealed in part

as replaceable by rules;

county court jurisdiction

by agreement (prosp.).

County court jurisdiction

by agreement (prosp.).

17, ss. 7 (3), 30

(1) (d), 34 (3),

35 (4), sch. 6

Part III.

63, ss. 63, 99 (3)

(d), 193 (3),

sch. 3.

e. 19

Trustee Act, 1925 -

S. 63 extended; limits of

county court jurisdiction

fixed (prosp.).

S. 1(1) (m) (q)applied

S. 63 extended, in ss. 41 (1),

42, 44-8, 60-1, 53, 60-7,

59, 60-3 limits of county

court jurisdiction fixed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 7, 21 (6),

35 (4), sch. 2.

37, s. 1 (1) (a).

53, ss, 62 (3),

165, 193 (3),

sch. 2.

A.D. 1933-34. Effect of Legislation.

xxvii

Session and

Chapter.

15 & 16Goo.5.

c. 20

c. 22

o. 23

Q. 28 *

Short Title. How affected.

Law of Property Ss. 145 amended, 146 (4)

Act, 1925. saved and (5) applied;

limits of county court

jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

S. 194 (2) amended as to

appeals (prosp.).

S. 146 (4) saved; in ss. 3

(4) (5), 30, 49, 66, 89 (1),

90 (1), 91-2, 136 (1),

146-7, 169, 181, 188, sch. 1

Part III para. 3 (iii), Part

IV para. 1 (3) (v) (4) (iii)

(iv) limits of county court

jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

Land Charges Act, Limits of county court

1925. jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

In ss. 2 (6), 6 (5), 8 (3), 10

(8) limits of county court

jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

Administration of Limits of county court

Estates Act, 1925. jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

S. 26(1) (2) (5) (6) repealed

Inss. 17, 38(2), 41 (1) (ii), 43

(2) limits of county court

jurisdiction fixed (prosp.).

Administration of S. 19 (1) repealed as to

Justice Act, 1925. county courts, 19 (2) repealed in part (prosp).

S. 20 repealed, transitional

arrangements as to repeal

of s. 19 (prosp.).

o. 35 Poor Law Emer- Repealed as to duration of

gency Provisions 1921 Act.

(Scotland) Act,

1926.

o. 36 - Finance Act, 1925 S. 8 applied

c. 49 - Supreme Court of S. 27 " judgment " ex-

Judicature (Con- tended,

solidation) Act, Ss. 205 (3) (5) (6) repealed,

1925. 22 (1) (a) (v), 150 (a) repealed in part, 203 repealed as to county court

proceedings, 33 (1) (a),

202 amended, in s. 205 (1)

" county court rules " extended, in s. 22 (1) (a) (iii)

-(viii) (xii) jurisdiction of

county court extended

(prosp.).

Ss. 13, 121 (1), statutory

salaries in part restored.

Ss. 31 (1) (k), 33 (3) amended (prosp.).

Claims under s. 189 saved

Ss. 31 (1) (*), 33 (1) (a)-(c)

(3), 150 from " Provided

that, " 202 as to county

courts, 204-5 repealed, 22

(1) (a), 99, 205-6 amended or otherwise affected

(prosp.).

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

17, ss. 6, 7, 36

(4), schs. 1, 2.

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part I.

53, ss. 52 (3),

180(4), 193(3),

sch. 2.

17, ss. 7, 35 (4),

sch. 2.

53, 88.52(3), 193

(3), sch. 2.

17, ss. 7, 35 (4),

sch. 2.

41, b. 1 (7).

63, ss. 52(3), 193

(3), sch. 2.

17, ss. 17 (4), 34

(1), 35 (4), Bch.

6 .

63, ss. 190, 193,

sch. 4 Part III

para. 6 and sch.

5 .

62, ss. 1 (1), 18

(3).

32, s. 1 (1), sch.

1 Part I.

14, ss. 9 (3), 21

(5) (7).

17, ss. 11 (4) (6),

16, 21 (5) (7),

29, 34 (1) (2),

35 (4), schs. 4,

5 .

24.

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part II.

41, s. 1 (I).

53, ss. 58, 60, 99

(8), 158 (m),

190, 192 (6),

193, sch. 4 Part

III para. 4,

sch. 6.

xxviii

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 26 Geo. 5.

15 & 16 Geo.5:

e. 56

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925.

Ss. 5, 6 (as amended), 7 (as

amended) continued.

46, s. 4.

c. 69

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925.

i

S. 4 (1) in part repealed;

power to amend s. 4 by

order approved by Parliament.

29, ss. 17, 64 (2)

(3), schs. 3

Part II, 9

Part I.

c. 70

Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

S. 39 (1) amended -

29, s. 29, sch. 6.

c. 71

Public Health Act,

1925.

S. 68 saved ...

50, s. 29 (1).

e. 84

Workmen’s Compensation Act,

1925.

Sch. 2, paras. 4-7 repealed,

paras. 1, 3 extended

(prosp.).

Compulsory insurance by

owners of coal mines, &c.

Effect of adoption of child

Sch. 2 paras. 4-7, transitional arrangements under

rules, paras. 1, 3 extended

(prosp.).

17, ss. 21 (5) (7),

34(1), 35 (4),

sch. 6 (superseded by c. 63

below).

23.

34.

63, ss. 158 (m),

165, 193 (3).

16 & 17 Geo.5:

c. 3

Trade Facilities

Act, 1926.

S. 2, period extended

12.

c. 22

Finance Act, 1926

S. 10 (2), Boh. 3 and (prosp.)

8. 42 repealed in part.

32, ss. 4, 18 (1),

26, 30 sch.'4.

e. 27

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926.

S. 13 and sch. 2, arc lamp

carbon duty increased and

insulin duty ended, ss. 6,

8 continued.

46, ss. 1, 2, 4.

c. 28

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

i

S. 17 extended

S. 13 applied to scheduled

minerals.

S. 23 (1) "minerals" extended to petroleum.

9, S3. 3(1), 4 (3).

27, ss. 1, 2 (2),

sch.

36, s. 9.

o. 29

Adoption of Children Act, 1926.

Child as dependent (unemployment insurance).

S. 11(5)extended

Rights of child under Fatal

Accidents Acts —see

29, s. 9 (3).

34, s. 1 (2).

41, 8. 2.

c. 44

Supreme Court of

Judicature of

Northern Ireland

Act, 1926.

S. 1 (1), statutory salaries in

part restored.

24.

c. 52

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act,

1926.

S. 7 (5), references substituted.

63, s. 48 (2).

17 & 1SG0O.5:

c. 3 •

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

(Scotland) Act,

1927.

Ss. 1, 5 made permanent (as

amended), 3 and, as to

duration of certain enactments, 4 repealed, s. 1 (3)

amended.

52, ss. 1, 2 (2)

(3), 18(3).

c. 20

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927.

Ss. 1 (as amended), 11-2

continued.

46, s. 4.

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation.

XXIX

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 6.

17 & 18 Geo.5:

29, ss. 1(3), 3(4),

6, 17, 29, 59,

64 (2) (3), sohs.

1 Part II, 3

Part II, 5, 9

Parts I and 11.

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927.

Ss. 1, 3, 4 (2) (c), 8, 13 and in

part sch. 4 repealed, ss. 5

(3), 14 and in part 16 (1)

repealed with saving for

transitional payments, ss.

4(1), 5(1) (a), (2) (5), 12,

14 (2), 16 (1) amended;

power to amend ss. 4, 5 by

order approved by Parliament; s. 5 (2) (i) applied.

c. 37

Road Transport

Lighting Act,

1927.

Lights on bicycles, &c .—see

50, ss. 19, 42 (3).

18 & 19 Geo.5:

c. 17

Finance Act, 1928

S. 2 (hydrocarbon oils )—see

Ss. 23 (4) (6) (iiia) added,

3 (1) (d ), 23 (4) amended,

s. 4, sch. 2 applied, s. 2 (5)

saved and excluded.

4.

32, ss. 1 (1), 2

(2)-(5), 23, sch.

1 Part II.

e. 26

Administration of

Justice Act, 1928.

Ss. 17-8, 19 (2) and sch. 1, i

Part II repealed (prosp.).

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

c. 38

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1928.

S. 14 continued

46, s. 4.

c. 41

19 & 20 Geo.5:

Racecourse Betting

Act, 1928.

Amended, explained and

saved, ss. 4 repealed, 3(3)

amended, 1 (2) restricted.

58, ss. 3 (1), 15

(5), 18, 20 (1),

32, 33 (2), sch.

2.

c. 8

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1929.

S. 1 (4), statutory salaries in

part restored.

24.

c. 12

Overseas Trade Act,

1929.

Period extended

12.

c. 17

Local Government

Act, 1929.

S. 57 (rural water supplies)

—see

S. 14 (5) and in part (3) repealed, s. 124, sch. 10

amended, as to London.

7.

xl, ss. 42-5, 76,

sch.

c. 19

Unemployment Insurance (Transitional Provisions

Amendment) Act,

Act, 1929.

Act repealed with saving.

29, ss. 59 (1),

64 (2) (3), sch.

9 Part II.

c. 23

Companies Act,

1929.

Ss. 78, 264 extended -

S. 43 (1) (6) substituted as

respects gas companies.

Ss. 268-9 saved

23, ss. 3 (6) (b)

(c), 7 (2).

28, ss. 3 (2), 36

(2) (3).

53, ss. 130 (ii),

193 (3).

c. 24

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1929.

Sch. in part repealed, ss. 3

(5) added, 1 (1) (2), 2, 3

(1) (2), 5 (3), 6(1) (5), 7 (a),

9 amended (prosp .—see

dates).

28, ss. 31, 33, 36

(3), sch. 2 Part

I, sch. 3 Parts

I and III.

c. 25

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1929.

S. 23 applied -

Sch. 6 temporarily amended

S. 23 applied

S. 13 excluded ...

20, ss. 4 (1), 11

(6).

35.

52, ss. 7 (5), 18

(3).

58, ss. 5 (6), 31

(2), 33 (2).

c. 27

Savings Banks Act,

1929.

S. 6 (1) repealed

Z z

37, s. 2 (2) (3).

XXX .

Effect of Legislation. 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and.

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

20 & 21 Geo.5:

c. 1

Isle of Man (Cus-

Ss. 2 (as amended), 3 con-

46, s. 4.

toms) Act, 1929.

tinued.

c. 6

Colonial Dovelop-

S. 1 (1) amended (New-

2, s. 5.

c, 10

merit Act, 1U-9.

Widows’, Orphans ’

found and).

S. 23 amended

29, s. 49.

c. 16

and Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1929.

Unemployment In-

Act continued, ss. 1, 2 (2)

29, ss. 5, 6 (1),

surance Aet, 1930.

(d) (e) (g), 14-5, 18, 20 (8)

8 (2), 12 (1>-

c. 17

Poor Law Act, 1930

repealed, 16 repealed with

saving for transitional

payments, 5, 6, 9, 17, 20

(3), sch. 2 repealed in

part, ss. 8 (3) (5) (c) substituted, 2 (3) added, 2 (2),

4 (1), 5, 7, 8 (5) (6), 13

amended; power to

amend ss. 4, 8 (9), 9 by

order approved by Parliament.

S. 17 applied and saved -

(3), 17, 28-9,

59 (1), 64 (2)

(3), schs. 3 Part

II, 5, 9 Parts

I and II.

29, s. 53, sch. 8

c. 28

Finance Act, 1930 -

S. 48 (1) amended, (3)-(5)

added.

S. 6 (1) final para, saved and

Part I.

59.

32, s. 18 (2).

e. 37

Adoption of Chil-

renumbered 7.

Child as dependent (un-

29, ss. 9 (3), 32

dren (Scotland)

employment insurance).

(3).

Act, 1930.

Ss. 5 (2) amended, 11 (6)

34, ss. 1 (2), 2

o. 39

Housing Act, 1930

extended.

Rights of child under Fatal

Accidents Acts.

Poor relief for child -

Appeals under s. 22 (county

(2).

41, s. 2.

52, ss. 15, 18(3).

53, ss. 91 (1) (c).

c. 42

Isle of Man (Cus-

court trial without jury)

—see

S. 2 continued ...

193 (3).

46, s. 4.

c. 43

toms) Act, 1930.

Road Traffic Act,

Ss. 10 (1a), 57 (4a), 59 (3)

50, ss. 1 (2), 2, 4,

1930.

added; 8 (2) (a) (5), 10 (2)

5, 6 (2)-(4), 7,

(3) (4) (a), 12 (2), 69 (1)

(c), 61 (1) (a) (6), sch. 1

substituted, s. 80 (1) (1 a)

substituted for 80 (1); ss.

5(3), 10(1), 11 (1)(6), 11-

2, 15, 19 (3), 27 (4) (5), 35

(4), 36, 48 (2) (3), 49, 57

(2) (3) (5), 61 (2), 72 (2).

74 (1), 80 (2), 81 (1) (h),

107 (3), 112 (2), 116 (1)

(2), 119 (3), 121 (1) (2),

sch. 4 amended; ss. 10,

30, 59 (1) (a), 94 and time

limit for s. 112 extended;

ss. 4 (6), 7 (3) (4), 21, 36

(2), 64 (1) excluded; ss.

49, 90 (2) (3) explained

(prosp.).

9-15, 16 (4),

17 (7), 21-2,

24, 25 (1), 27,

29 (1), 31 (10),

33 (1) (3)-(5),

34-8, 40-2,

schs. 1-3.

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation ,

. xxxi

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5. *

21 & 22 Geo.5:

c. 2

Cunard (Insurance)

Transfer of benefits and:

10, s. 3.

Agreement Act,

1930.

obligations, s. 3 applied

and other references

c. 8

Unemployment In-

adapted.

Ss. 1, 3 and, with saving for

29, ss. 59 (1J, 64

surance Act,

transitional payments, 2

(2) (3), sch. 9

1931.

repealed.

Parts I and II.

e. 23

Mining Industry

Amended on further amdt.

9, ss. 1, 4 (2) (a).

c. 25

(Welfare Fund)

Act, 1931.

Unemployment In-

of 1920 Act.

Ss. 1, 3 and, with saving for

29, ss. 59 (1),

surance (No. 2)

transitional payments, 2

64(2) (3), sch. 9

Act, 1931.

repealed.

Parts I and II.

c. 28

Finance Act, 1931

Ss. 10-27, 29-31, 33, 35

32, ss. 27, 30,

c. 33

Architects (Re-

(a H e)(y) (*), ach. 1

repealed, ss. 32, 34, 35

(f) repealed in part.

S. 14 amended -

sch. 4.

38.

c. 36

gistration) Act,

1931.

Unemployment In-

Ss. 1 (1) in part, 1 (2) !

29, ss. 11, 17, 29,

surance (No. 3)

proviso and (6), 2, 5 (1)

64 (2) (3), schs.

Act, 1931.

in part and 5 (3) repealed.

3 Part II, 5, 9

1 continued and amended,

3, 6 amended; power to

Part I; and see

ss. 19 (4), 30

c. 42

Agricultural Mar-

amend s. 1 by order approved by Parliament.

Ss. 5, 13 extended

(a).

1, ss. 5, 6, 7 (1).

keting Act, 1931.

Milk marketing—see

51.

o. 45

Local Government

Amended (Middlesex); s. 14

lxxxix, ss. 90(11)

(Clerks) Act, 1931.

(2), sch. 3, paras 1 (a), 3

(6), 118, 126,

c. 48

National Economy

repealed, 1 (c) proviso

proBp. substituted.

Power to revoke O. in C.

128, 136-7.

24.

22 & 23 Geo.5:

c. 4

Act, 1931.

Statute of West-

as to statutory salaries;

partial restoration.

Unemployment insurance

orders amended, &c.

Temporary provision as to

29, ss. 6, 29, 59,

64 (2) (3), schs.

3 Part II, 9

Parts I and II.

2.

c. 7

minster, 1931.

Indian Pay (Tern-

Newfoundland.

Extended, s. 1 (1) (a)

8.

c. 8

porary Abatements) Act, 1931.

Import Duties Act,

amended.

S. 2 (7) (powers of Advisory

6, s. 4.

c. 16

1932.

Isle of Man (Cus-

Committee) extended.

Ss. 19 (6) (a) repealed, 1 (3),

2 (7), 10, sch. 2 para. 3

amended, Act extended,

sch. 1 extended to insulin,

ss. 3, 19 applied, Part I

and s. 10 excluded.

S. 19 continued, Part I with

32, ss. 5, 6 (1),

7 (3) (4), 8 (2),

9, 10 (2) (3), 11,

30, schs. 2, 4.

46, ss. 2, 4, 5.

c. 19

toms) Act, 1932.

Transitional Pay-

sch. 1 extended (insulin),

s. 1 (3) extended.

Repealed with saving

29, ss. 59 (1), 64

ments Prolongation (Unemployed

Persons) Act,

1932.

(2) (3), sch. 9

Part 11.

XXX11

Effect of Legislation.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 25

Finance Act, 1932

Ss. 2 (1) (3), 27, sch. 1 and

(prosp.) s. 13 repealed;

ss. 7, 9 (2)(6), lOamended,

9 extended, 2 (2) applied.

32, ss. 1 (1), 7 (1)

(2), 8(1), 10(2)

(3), 30, sch. 4.

c. 37

Solicitors Act, 1932

S. 69 applied (arbitrations)

Ss. 70 (iv) repealed, 59-70

applied, 44 excluded.

Ss. 45, 47-9, 51 (1) explained (application to

bodies corporate).

Ss. 59-70 applied, 44 excluded.

14, s. 17.

17, ss. 24, 25(1),

34 (1), 35 (4),

sch. 5.

45, s. 1(1) (2).

53, ss. 182, 184,

193 (3).

c. 40

Gas Undertakings

Act, 1932.

Expenses of Board of Trade

—see

28, ss. 28(1), 29;

see also s. 28

(2).

c. 4L

Isle of Man (Customs) (No. 2) Act,

1932.

Ss. 7-9 continued, 1 extended, 2 saved.

46, 88.3(1), 4, 5.

c. 47

Children and Young

Persons (S.) Act,

1932.

Detention in approved

school and poor law settlement —see

52, ss. 14, 18(3).

c. 48

Town and Country

Planning Act,

1932.

S. 48 repealed as to London

County Council.

xl, ss. 3 (1), 76,

sch.

c. 53

Ottawa Agreements

Act, 1932.

Transitional Payments (Determination of Need)

Act, 1932.

Ss. 1 extended, 1 (2) excluded, 1 (4) (6) saved.

32, ss. 6 (2), 10

(1).

c. 54

23 & 24 Geo.5.

Act, so far as relating to

unemployment insurance

transitional payments,

repealed with saving.

S. 1 (1) (o) excluded (Scotland).

S. 1 (1) (o) in part repealed

(England).

29, ss. 59 (1),

64 (2) (3), sell.

9 Part II; and

see as to poor

relief, ss. 53,

61 (4), sch. 8.

52, s. 11 (3) (4).

59, s. 2 (2)-(4).

c. 7

Indian Pay (Temporary Abatements) Act, 1933.

Amended on further extension of 1931 Act.

8.

c. 14

London Passenger

Transport Act,

1933.

Interim financial arrangements—see

Ss. 2 (1), 20 (1) amended,

21, 23 saved, 23 (5) excluded, 29 (1) applied.

lix.

xcvi, ss. 4, 7 (2),

14 (2), 30 (2),

31, 37 (3), 65,

76.

c. 19

Finance Act, 1933

S. 6 (4) repealed

32, ss. 3 (3), 30,

sch. 4.

c. 21

Solicitors (Scotland)

Act, 1933.

Ss. 36-7, 39 explained (application to bodies corporate).

45, s. 1 (2) (3).

c. 26

Unemployment Insurance (Expiring

Enactments) Act,

1933.

Repealed and excluded

29, ss. 11 (1), 28,

33 (1), 64 (2)

(3), sch. 9 Part

I.

c. 31

Agricultural Marketing Act, 1933.

S. 16 (1) extended

1, 88. 1, 7(1).

c. 36

Administration of

Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1933.

S. 4 (2)-(4) repealed (prosp.)

53, s. 193, sch. 5.

A.D. 1933-34.

Effect of Legislation.

xxxiii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

23 & 24 Geo.5:

c. 37

Private Legislation

Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1933.

S. 6 —dee •

28, s. 35 (2).

c. 40

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1933.

Ss. 1, 3-5, 8 continued, 19,

sch. 5 Part 11 para. 4

amended, sch. 5 Part I

substituted, ss. 9-10 applied, 9 (4) saved.

46, ss. 3 (2)—(4),

4-6, sch.

c. 48

h x pi rin g Laws Continuance Act,

1933.

Repealed as to Dyestuffs

(Import Regulation) Act,

1920.

Repealed as to certain Scottish poor law Acts.

6, s. 1.

52, s. 1.

c. 51

Local Government

Act, 1933.

S. 290 applied -

Borrowing powers extended,

s. 290 (2) (3) (5) (8) applied, (4) applied as

amended.

S. 274 excluded.

15, s. 2 (2).

20, ss. 1 (6), 4

(1), 10 (1), 12

(2), sch.

58, ss. 5 (6), 33

(2).

50, ss. 1 (5), 17

(7), 33 (1), 40,

42 (3), sch. 3.

c. 53

Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

Ss. 34 (3), 36 (1) amended,

47 applied, time limit for

s. 34 extended, s. 33 excluded.

24 & 25Goo.5:

c. 17

County Courts

(Amendment) Act,

1934.

S. 15 amended (prosp.)

Repealed with savings and

transitional arrangements

(prosp.).

40, s. 2 (1), sch.

Part I.

53, ss. 99 (3) (d),

190, 193 (3)

(4), sclis. 4. 5.

c. 40

Administration of

Justice (Appeals)

Act, 1934.

S. 2 (1) in part and (2),

sch. Part I in part and

Parts II and HI repealed

(prosp.).

53, s. 193, sell. 5.

TABLE IV.

_P

T . j -3(b /*> ,

• INDEX

• -• to the; .

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

AND '<* •

• ‘I i " > *

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

. 4, ‘ ‘

24 & 25 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1933 34.

A.

Abatements of Pay-. See. Indian Pay' (Temporary Abatements)

Act; Statutory Salaries (Restoration) Aqjp.

Accountant-General of Supreme Court. See Supreme Court,

England.

Accounts. See. Audit and Accounts.

Act of Parliament:

consolidation of law. See County Courts Act.

consolidation of law, enactments as to gas undertaking, by special

order (c. 28, s. 15). p. 164.

high bailiffs, construction of references to (c. 53, s. 189 (2)). p. 586.

modification by order of transitory provisions of Part III of Unemployment Act (c. 29, s. 60). . p. 249.

re-printing of principal Act as amended. See Dyestuffs (Imtort

Regulation) Act.

rules (county court) replacing statutory enactments (c. 53, s. 99 (3)

(d), sch. 3). pp. 548, 596.

temporary Acts continued. See Expiring Laws Continuance:

Unemployment Act (s. 28).

temporary Acts made permanent. See Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act: Poor Law (S.) Act (a, 1).

Actio Personalis. See Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act.

3 B

xxxvi Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Administration of Estates. County court equitable and probate

jurisdiction (c. 53, ss. 52 (1) (3), 60-2, sch. 2. which in part replace

c. 17, s. 7 (1) ). pp. 61, 525-6, 531, 506.

death, effect of, on actions for or against estate (c. 41, s. 1). p. 335.

executor and administrator suing in county court (c. 53, s. 76).

.* p. 538.

probate apiKiakirom county court:C.A. decision final (c. 53, s. 110).

p. 553.

Administration of Justice (Appeals) Act:to provide that no

appeal shall lie from C.A. to House of Lords, except with leave; to

make further provision as to appeals from county courts and for

purposes connected with the matters aforesaid (Act in part regaled

as to county courts — see pp. 691* 614). (E.) Ch. 40. p. 331.

Administration^Ohder.s. See County Courts Act (Part VII).

Admiralty. County court jurisdiction (c. 53, ss. 55-9, 99 (1) (d),

191, sch. 3, which in part supersede c. 17, ss. 12-4, 16, 29, sch. 4—

see pp. 63, 67, 78, 87). pp. 526-31, 548, 687, 596.

county court appeals to C.A.:Trinity masters assisting (c. 53,

s. 106, superseding c. 17, s. 15, amended Ijy c. 40 — see pp. 66, 331).

p. 551.

county court proceedings to be without jury (c. 53, s. 91 (1) (a) ).

p. 543.

. county court proceedings execution transferred to High Court

(c. 53, 8. 137). p. 563.

Greenwich Hospital land transferred (Nat. Maritime Museum)

(c. 43, s. 1 (2) (4), sch. 1). pp. 357, 361.

vessel, arrest of, by county court warrant (c. 53, 8. 80). p. 538.

See also Defence Forces.

• Adopted Child. Position of, in connexion with—

Fatal Accidents Acts (c. 41, s. 2).

. jioor relief in Scotland (c. 52, s. 15).

unemployment insurance (c. 29, ss. 9 (3), 32 (3) ).

workmen’s compensation (c. 34).

See also Evidence.

. Adoption of Children (Workmen’s Compensation) Act:to make

further and better provision as to the status of adopted children

and of their relatives by adoption, for the purposes of workmen's

compensation enactments (E.S.). Ch. 34. p. 317.

Advisory Committees. See Cattle Industry (Emergency Pro-

visions) Act (b. 4):Dyestuffs (Import Reuulation) Act: Import

Duties Advisory Committee:Unemployment Act (ss. 17, 35).

Affidavit. Arbitrations, evidence at (c. 14, s. 8, sch. 1).

pp. 42, 49.

county court probate proceedings (c. 53, s. 60). p. 531.

swearing for use in comity court (c. 53, s. 84, superseding c. 17.

s. 29, sch. 4 — see pp. 78, 91). p. 540.

swearing in proceedings in lieu of mandamus (to county court)

(c.53, s.ll4(2)). p.554.

Age. See Births, Deaths and Marriages:Children and Young

Persons.

p. 337.

p. 498.

pp. 198, 221.

p. 317.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts xxxvii

and Measures.

Agricultural Marketing (No. 2) Act:to provide further cm to

the financial powers of boards administering schemes under the

Agricultural Marketing Act, 1931, and as to the contents of such

schemes; to extend the power to make loans to such boards under

s. 13 of the 1931 Act; and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. Ch. 1. p. 1.

§ 1. Payment of compensation to producers under marketing schemes.

p. 1.

2. Powor of marketing boards to make loons and grants and to enter

into guarantees, p. 1.

3. Application of loans and grants made to marketing boards, p. 2.

4. Temporary powor of Minister to authorise marketing boards to give

guarantees, p. 3.

ii. Amendment of s. 13 (short term loans) of 1931 Act. p. 3.

6. Extension of powers of marketing boards to purchase and deal

with products, p. 3.

7. Interpretation of terms and revocation of ordais. p. 4.

8. Short title and citation, p. 4.

Agriculture (see also cross-references under Agriculture and

Fisheries, Minister of).

Agricultural Credits Act (write-off) (c. 48, s. 2, sch. Part II).

pp. 410, 418.

agricultural holdings arbitration (c. 14, ss. 18-9). p. 47.

Agriculture (Scotland) Fund (payments under Land Settlement (S.)

Act) (c. 35). p* 319.

lteet sugar. See British Sugar (Subsidy) Act.

Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act (Cattle Fund, Cattle

Committee, &c.) (c. 54). p. 615.

employees and unemployment insurance (c. 29, 8. 20). p* 211.

imported cattle, marking of (c. 54, s. 3). p. 617.

Land Settlement (Scotland) Act (c. 35). p. 319.

Agriculture and Fisheries, Minister of (see also Agriculture). .

agricultural marketing. See Agricultural Marketing (No. 2)

Act:Milk Act.

British Sugar (Subsidy) Act. See. British Sugar (Subsidy) Act.

Cattle Fund administration (c. 54, ss. 1 (1), 5 (3) ). pp. 615, 619.

milk payments, milk supply, &c. See Milk Act.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act powers (o. 49, ss. 14 (1), 16,

18(2)). pp. 427, 429.-

Agriculture, Department of, for Scotland (sec also Agriculture).

Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act, 1922 (c. 51, s. 10 (2) ). p. 4S7.

Air Force. See Am Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers):

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act:Defence Forces.

Air Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers):an Act to extend

the maximum period of annual training for reservists serving as

pilots or observers, or qualifying for service as such. Ch. 5. p. 18.

Aircraft. Shops Act and sale of (c. 42, bs. 6, 10, sch.).

pp. 344, 354, 350.

Ale ob Beer. Action for debt, &c., restricted. See County Courts

Act (s. 188).

Alien. Unemployment insurance (c. 29, s. 29, sch. 5). pp. 217, 257.

See also cross-references under Foreign Country.

3 B 2

xxxviii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Alkali Works, &c., Regulation Act, 1906. Appeals (c. 40, s. 2 (1),

sch. Part I). ' pp. 332-3.

Animals. See Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act:

Milk Act: Protection of. Animals Act (public contests):

Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act.

And see. Isle of Man (Custom^ Act (Irish Cattle).

Appropriation Act:to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund

to the seTVice of the year ending on March 31, 1935, and to appropriate

the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Ch. 44. p. 364.

Approved (School. g e6 Poor Law (Scotland) Act (s. 14).

Arbitration. Amendment of law. See Arbitration Act.

cdun, ty cohrt judge's power to refer case to (c. 53, s. 89). p. 542.

county court judge not to«ect as arbitrator for fee (c. 53, s. 6).

• " p. 503.

Road 'SCraflic Act compensation to officers (c. 50, 8. 38, sch. 2).

pp. 462, 469.

Supply of Water in Bulk Act (c. 15, s. 1 (4) ). p. 52.

, test!? of gas (c. *8, Beh. 2 Part III). p. 187.

Water Supplies’(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act provisions

(c. 20, S3, 6 (4), 7 (3)-(7)). pp. 115-6.

’ Arbitrator Act:to amend the law, &c. (E.). Ch. 14. p. 39.

* . «. General Amendments of the I.atc relating to Arbitration.

* . § 1 - A&itrution agreement not to be discharged by death of party, p. 30.

, 2.- Effect of bankruptcy. p. 39.

. 3. Power of Court where arbitrator is removed or appointment of

arbitrator is revoked, p. 40.

4. Agreements for reference to three arbitrators, p. 40.

ft. Appointment, &c., of umpire, p. 41.

ft. Arbitrators and umpires to use duo dispatch, p. 41.

7. Amendment of Schechdo I of 1889 Act. p. 42.

8. Additional powers of Court, p. 42.

9. Statement of ease by arbitrator or umpire, p. 42.

10. Kutry of judgment in terms of award, p. 43.

11. Interest on awards, p. 43.

12. Costa, p. 43.

13. Taxation of arbitrator’s or umpire’s fees. p. <14.

14. Power of Court to give relief where arbitrator is not impartial or

dispute referred involves question of fraud, p. 44.

1ft. Amendment of a. 11 (removing arbitrator and setting aside award)

of 1889 Aet. p. 4ft.

Miscellaneous.

lft. Limitation of lime for commencing arbitration proceedings, p. 45.

17. Application of s. 09 of Solicitors Act, 1932, to solicitors’ costs in

arbitrations, p. 47.

18. Amendment of s. lft of Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923. p. 47.

19. Saving for pending arbitrations, p. 47.

20. Application to statutory arbitrations, p. 47.

21. Short titlo, interpretation, application, extent, repeal and commencement. p. 48.

Schedule 1.—Matters in respect of which the Court may moke orders,

p. 49.

Schedule 2.—Provisions of Act which do not apply to statutory arbitrations. p. 49.

Schedule 3.—Enactments repealed, p. 60.

Arc-lamps Carbon Duty (c. 32, b. 4) (and see Isle of Man (Customs)

Act). p. 295.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acte

. and Measures.

XXXIX

Architects (Registration) Act:to amend the 1931 Act (scholarships and maintenance grants) (U.K.) (e. 38).’p. 327.

Arms and Ammunition. Restricted' sale and purchase (juveniles)

(o. 16). p. 54.

Army. See Army and Am FcyicH (Annual) Acj:Defence

Forces. f •

Army and Am Force (Annual) Act:to provide, doting Twelve

Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Arpiy and the

Air Force. Ch. 11. . • p. 30.

§ 1. Short title, p. 32. > •

2. Army Act and Air Force Act toi be in fpree for specified times, p. 32..

3. Billeting prices, p. 33. •, • ‘

Amendments or the Akmy and. Aik Force Acts.

« / /

Part 1. — Amendment* of the Arnyg Art ttpflicablt, K aha, *

(subject to exceptions and modifications) to the Air Force Act. ' •

4. Amendment of Army Act, a. 188 (persons on ships). g?33. '

5. Minor amendments of Army Act. p. 33.’/ .

t». Application of Part I to Air Force Act. p. 33.. .

Part II.—Amendment of the Army £ct.

7. Relations between military forces and Indian Air Force, p. 34.

Part III.—Amendments of the Air Force Act. ■

8. Minor amendments of Air Force Act. p. 34. ' *

Schedule 1.—Billoting prices, p. 33. ‘ .

Schedule 2.—Drafting and minor amendments of the A nay Act, p .' 36.

Schedule 3.—Drafting and minor amendments of the ."Vir Fore© Act.

p. 37. •

Art Union. Lotteries (c. 58, s. 25). p. 652.

Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland) Act:to amend the

designation of the Assessor of Railways and Canals in Scc^land

and the law as to his appointment, a»l as to superannuation allowances for him and his staff (S.). Ch. 22. p. 126.

Assessors. County court arrangements. See County#Courts Act

(as. 88, 106 (4) ).

Water Supply (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act, arbitration

(o. 20, s. 7 (7) ). p. 117.

Attorney-General. County court proceedings (c. 53, s. 75). p.537.

Gas Undertakings Act proceedings, saving (c. 28, s. 27 (5) ). p. 173.

Audience, Right of. In county court (c. 53, ss. 86, 185).

pp. 541, 584.

Unemployment Assistance Board officer appearing before magistrates

(c. 29, s. 48 (3) ). p. 239.

Audit and Accounts (see also Comptroller and Auditor General).

county court accounts, accounting, audit, &c. (c. 53, ss. 171-2).

p. 578.

County Courts Funds Rules provisions (c. 53, 8. 163). p. 575.

gas undertakings information from auditor (c. 28, s. 16). p. 165.

totalisator accoimts (c. 58, a. 16 (1) (c), sell. 1). pp. 643, 659.

Australla. Whaling legislation (extra-territorial effect) (c. 49, s. 15).

p. 427.

xl Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures .

B.

Bask of England and Bank of Ireland. Advances under—

Appropriation Act (c. 44, s. 2). p. 364.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act (c. 3, s. 3). p. 15.

Bankruptcy. Arbitration agreement, effect on. See Arbitration

Act.

Bankruptcy Act, 1S83, amended (c. 17, s. 29, sch. 4): amended

sections repealed (c. 53, s. 193, sch. 5). pp. 78, 88, 591, 612

coal-mine owners and liability to workmen, priority &c. (c. 23,

ss. 1 (2), 3 (6) ). pp. 128, 133.

county court action (plaintiff's bankruptcy) (c. 53, s. 79). p. 538.

county court proceedings against estate of dead person (c. 41,

a. 1 (6) (7) ). p. 337.

execution and bankruptcy (c. 53, ss. 130 (ii), 134 (8)). pp. 559, 562.

county court administration orders. See County Courts Act

(Part YU).

Banns of Marriage Measure (publication by lay persons, signature

of register, &c.). No. 2. p. v.

Barrister. See Audience. Right of.

Bazaar Lotteries. See Betting and Lotteries Act (a. 23).

Beer. Action for debt, &c., restricted. See County Courts Act

(a. 188). '

Betting and Lotteries Act (E.S.) (c. 58). p. 628.

Part I.—Betti no.

§ 1. Restriction of betting on tracks, p. 028.

* 2. Restriction of bookmaking on tracks, p. 020.

.1. Restriction of pari mtttiiol or pool betting, p. 630.

4. Restriction of betting on dog racecourses, p. 630.

6. Licensing authorities, p. 631.

6. Applications for licences (notices and procedure), p. 632.

7. Discretion of licensing authority os to grant of licences, p. 034.

8. Special provisions as to first licences for certain existing tracks, p. 635.

9. Duration and transfer of licences anil fees for licences and transfers.

p. 037.

10. Fixing of days on which betting facilities may be provided, p. 038.

11. Establishment of totalizators on dog racecourses, p. 640.

12. Facilities for bookmaking on tracks, p. 641.

13. Charges to bookmakers on tracks where betting facilities are lawfully

provided, p. 041.

14. Occupiers of tracks not to hove an interest in bookmaking thereon.

p. 642.

15. Betting with young persons, and employment of young persons in

betting businesses, prohibited on tracks, p. 042.

16. Revocation of licences, p. 6-13.

17. Saving for right of occupier of track to prohibit betting, p. 644.

IS. Amendment and interpretation of Racecourse Betting Act, 1928.

p. 644.

19. Power of entry on tracks, p. 043.

20. Interpretation of Part I of Act. p. 040.

Part II.— Lotte kies and Prize Competitions.

21. Illegality of lotteries, p. 648.

22. Oflonces os to lotteries, p. 648.

23. Exemption of small lotteries at certain entertainments, p. 049.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts xli

and Measures.

Betting and Lotteries Act— continued.

Part II.— Lotteries and Prize Competitions — suntH.

§ 24. Kxompf ion of private lotteries (clubs, &<•.). p. 050.

25. Art unions (amdt. ami saving of law), p. 052.

26. Certain prize competitions restricted (newspapers, Ac.), p. 052.

27. Search warrants, p. 053.

28. Interpretation of Part II of Act. p. ('53.

Part III. — Genzuat..

29. Offences by bodies corporate, p. 054.

30. Penalties for offences under Act; forfeitures, p. 634.

31. Application to Scotland, p. 055.

32. Itepoul. p. 057.

33. Short title, commencement and extent, p. 057.

Schedule 1. Totalisators on dog racecourses, p. 058.

Schedule 2. Enactments repealed, p. 001.

Bicycles (reflectors, brakes, &e.). See Road Traffic Act (Part TIT).

Bill of Exchange. Damages on dishonour not affected (c. 41,

8. 3 (1) (c) ). y. 338.

payment for excise licence l»y cheque (c. 32, s. 17). p. 302.

seizure on county court execution warrant (c. 53, ss. 121, 123).

pp. 556-7.

unlawful lotteries (cheques) (c. 58, ss. 22 (1) (e), 28 (l).) 648.653.

Births, Deaths and Marriages. Amendment of registration law.

See Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (S.)

(Amendment) Act.

banns of marriage (laymen publishing). See Banns of Marriage

Measure.

certificates, arrangements for obtaining copies of, &c., for—

Shops Act (to prove age) (c. 42, ss. 14, 17 (g) ). pp. 352, 355.

unemployment assistance (to prove age, marriage or death)

(c. 29, 8. 50 (5) ). p. 240.

workmen’s compensation (adopted children) (c. 34, s. 1 (2) ).

p. 318.

hours for marriage (extended) (c. 13). p. 38.

Sec also Children and Young Persons (age): Death:Death

Duties; Evidence.

Bishop, England. Various [lowers as to —

banns publication by laymen. See Banns of Marriage Measure.

clerk in holy orders resuming ministry after relinquishment. See

Clerical Disabilities, &c.. Measure (s. 2).

consent under s. 19 of Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850. See

Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure (s. 8).

Bund Persons. No contribution for unemployment insurance

(o. 29, s. 29, sch. 5). ‘pp. 217, 258, 266.

Bookmakers. See Betting and Lotteries Act (Part I).

Borough, England. See County Courts Act (s. 187, court of

local jurisdiction); Local Authorities.

Bridoe. Laying water-pipes on (E.) (c. 15, s. 1 (4) ). p. 51.

sjieed limits, traffic regulation, &c., on highways. See Road

Traffic Act.

xlii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Gf.o. 5.

and Measures.

British Hydrocarbon Oils Production Act (preference for light

hydrocarbon oil* manufactured in U.K. from coal, shale or peat

indigenous to the U.K.; collection of information as to production).

Ch. 4. p. 16.

British Protectorate and Protected State. Application to, of

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act (c. 49, sa. 11, 12). p. 426.

British Sugar (Subsidy) Act (11 months’ extension of payment

under 1925 Act; further provision as to rates, &c.) (E. S.). Ch. 39.

p. 328.

Brokers and Appraisers. See County Courts Act (Part VI).

c.

Cambridge. University privileges and jurisdiction saved (c. 53,

s. 192 (8)). p. 590.

Canada. Ottawa agreements (c. 32, a. 6 (2) ). p. 290.

Canal. Water-pipes in street crossing (c. 15, s. 1 (4) ). p. 51.

water shortage orders affecting supply for (c. 20, ss. 1 (2), 3 (5),

10(1)). pp. Ill, 113, 118.

See also Assessor of Public Undertakings (S.) Act:Railway

and Canal Commission.

Catering Trade. See Shops Act.

Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure:to amend the law relating to

Cathedral Churches. No. 3. p. vii.

§ 1. General provisions aa to schemes under Cathedrals Measure, 1931

(incorporation of chapter, regulation of oanonries, Ac.). p. vii.

2. Schemes as to parish church cathedrals (possible abolition of consistory court jurisdiction over church and churchyard faculties),

p. viii.

3. Calculation of income of dean or canon under s. G6 of Eccles. Commrs.

Act, 1840, Ac. p. ix.

4. Transfers of property by minor corporations, p. ix.

5. Loans under s. 59 of 1840 Act. p. x.

•5. Consenting body of Liverpool Cathedral, p. xi.

7. Patronage in diocese of Newcastle, p. xi.

8. Limitation of value of benefice hold by dean. p. xi.

9. Saving for land forming endowment of Durham cathedral church.

p. xii.

10. Transfer of stock (evidence of scheme to be accepted by Bank of

England or company), p. xii.

11. Interpretation, p. xii.

12. Short title, Ac. p. xii.

Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act. Ch. 54. p. 615.

§ 1. Establishment of Cattle Fund:payments thereto from Consolidated

Fund, Ac. p. 615.

2. Payments out of Cattle Fund to producers of cattle, p. 616.

3. Marking of imported cattle, p. 617.

4. The Cattle Committee, p. 618.

3. ‘Interpretation; orders and regulations; accounts of Cattle Fund,

p. 619.

6. Short title, p. 619.

A.D. 1933-3+. Index to the Public General Acts xliii

and Measures.

Certiorari.

removal from county court by:

generally (c. 53, 83. Ill, 113, 115). pp. 553-4.

for purpose of execution (c. 53, s. 136). p. 563.

in replevin action (c. 53, s. 103 (1) ). p. 550.

no removal by into other court than as prescribed under Act

(c. 53, 8. 104). p. 551.

where writ not lodged and notified (costs under County Court

Rules) (c. 53, s. 99 (3) (</), sch. 3). pp. 548, 604.

Channel Islands. Army and Air Force (Annual) Act (operation)

(c. 11. s. 2 (1) (a) ). p. 32.

Debts Clearing Offices, &c. Act (import restrictions) (c. 31, s. 2).

p. 289.

Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act (application)

(c. 37, s. 2 (3) ). p. 327.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act (extension) (c. 49, s. 13 (1) ).

p. 426.

Cheque. See Bill of Exchange.

Children and Young Persons. Adoption. See Adopted Child:

Adoption of Children (Workmen's Compensation) Act.

betting with, or employing on track, person under 18 (c. 58, s. 15).

p. 642.

boarding-out of poor children in Scotland (c. 52, s. 10). p. 497.

dependent child (unemployment insurance) (c. 29, ss. 9, 17 (3) (a),

sch. 3, Part. II). pp. 197, 206, 256.

poor law settlement in Scotland (detention in approved school)

(c. 52, s. 14). p. 498.

shops (employment of persons under 18). See Shops Act.

unemployment assistance age (c. 29, s. 54 (2) ). p. 244.

unemployment insurance (age of entry, &c.) (c. 29, Part I, sch. 1).

pp. 191, 251.

unemployment insurance age, how determined (c. 29, s. 31 (2) ).

p. 220.

workmen’s compensation (adopted children) (o. 34). p. 317.

And see Education:Infant.

Church Assembly Measures. See Banns of Marriage Measure:

Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure:Clerical Disabh-ities

Act, 1870 (Amendment) Measure.

Civil Service (see also Superannuation). Position of—

county court stall (c. 53, ss. 29, 191 (o) (to)). pp. 513, 588.

ex-civil servant, now county court registrar (c. 53, ss. 21, 191 (o) (to)).

pp. 509, 588.

Unemployment Assistance Board officers (c. 29, 8. 51). p. 241.

Clearing Offices. See Debts Clearing Offices, &c. Act.

Clerical Disabilities Act, 1870 (Amendment) Measure:to

amend the 1870 Act by enabling clerks in holy orders who have

availed themselves of that Act to resume the position of officiating

ministers. No. 1. p. iii.

§ 1. Procedure for vacating enrolment and record of deeds of relinquish-

ment: rules of court, p. iii.

2. Position of clerk after vacation, p. hr.

3. Copy of record in diocesan registry to be evidence, p. v.

4. Interpretation, p. v.

5. Short title, p. v.

xliv Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 2f> Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Coal Mines. See Mining Industry (Welfare Fond) Act:Workmen’s Compensation (C'oal Mines) Act.

Colonial Development Act, 1020. Extended. See Newfoundland Act.

Colonial Stock Act:to provide as respects Dominion stocks an

alternative to the third condition prescribed by the Treasury

under s. 2 of the 1900 Act. C'h. 47. p. 414.

Colony, Protectorate, &c.:

Army and Air Force Acts (‘‘governor " of colony) (c. 11, ss. 5, 0,

sch. 2). ' pp. 33.36.

Debts Clearing Offices, &c. Act (import restriction) (c. 31, s. 2).

p. 289.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act. application (c. 49, ss. 11-3).

p. 42(5.

And see Dindinos Agreement (Approval) Act.

Commons Act, 1876. Appeals (c. 40, s. 2 (1), sch.). pp. 332-3.

Company (see also Corporation).

debts from persons in foreign country (c. 31, s. 1 (6) (i) ). p. 288.

gas or water undertakers. See Gas Undertakings Act:Supply

of Water in Bulk Act.

officers of company as directors (gas) (c. 28, s. 26). p. 172,

priority in winding-up, &c., for liability under Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act (c. 23, s. 3 (6) (b) (c) ). p. 133.

transfer of stock under Cathedrals Measure scheme. See Evidence.

Unemployment Fund liability of directors (c. 29, s. 23 (3) (b) ).

p. 214.

Comptroller and Auditor General. Cattle Fund accounts (c. 54,

s. 5(3)). p. 619.

county court funds (c. 53, s. 163). p. 575.

Petroleum (Production) Act accounts (Board of Trade) (c. 36, r. 5 (1)).

p. 322.

Unemployment Assistance Fund accounts (c. 29, s. 44 (2) ). p, 234.

Consolidated Fund:

Appropriation Act (c. 44). p. 364.

Cattle Fund advances (c. 54, a. 1 (2) ), p. 615.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act—to apply certain sums out of the

Fund to the service of the years ending March 31, 1933, 1934 and

1935. Ch. 3. ' p. 14.

county court funds liability (e. 53, ss. 161-2, superseding c. 17, s. 22).

pp. 73, 574-5.

county court judge’s salary and pension charged on (c. 53, ss. 8 (2),

9 (5) ). pp. 503. 50, -..

county court judgments register inspection fees (c. 53, s. 98 (5) ).

p. 547.

Newfoundland guarantees and advances (c. 2, ss. 3, 4 (1) ). p. 7.

North Atlantic Shipping Act advances (new Cunarder) (c. 10, s. 1 (2)).

p. 29.

Palestine loan guarantee (c. 33, ss. 1 (2) (3), 2 (1 )(</)). pp. 315-0.

Road Fund payments (c. 32, s. 26), p. 307.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts xlv

and Measures.

Consolidated Fond— continued.

sinking fund for 3 per cent. Funding Loan 1939-69 (c. 32, a. 24).

p. 305.

Treasury guarantee for conversion loans (c. 32, s. 25 (3) (4) (5) ).

p. 306.

trustee savings banks' special investments (c. 37, s. 1 (1) (6) ).

p. 320.

Unemployment Insurance Fund deficiency, &c. (e. 29. s. 18 (3) (4) ).

p. 208.

Constable. .See Police.

Consumers. Interests protected. See Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act (s. 4).

Contempt. County court (c. 53, s. 139). p. 564.

Contract (see also Landlord and Tenant).

arbitration agreements. See Arbitration Act.

coal-mine owner's contract of insurance (liability to workmen)

(c. 23). p. 127.

cotton-manufacturing industry orders, effect of (c. 30, s. 3). p. 280.

county court jurisdiction. See County Courts Act (Part II).

gas undertakers' special contracts. See. Gas Undertakings Act.

milk supply. See Milk Act.

Shops Act contract (expenses) (c. 42, s. 11). p. 350.

specific performance (order by arbitrator or umpire) (e. 14, s. 7).

p. 42.

third-party risk insurance, effect of (c. 50, ss. 10-2). pp. 440-4.

Corporation (see also Company):

criminal liability of director, &c., under—

Betting and Lotteries Act (c. 58, s. 29). p. 054.

Solicitors Act (c. 45, s. 1 (1) (3) ). p. 408.

Workmen's Compensation (Coal Mines) Act (c. 23, s. 1 (3) ).

p. 129.

scheme incorporating chapter. See Cathedrals (Amendment)

Measure.

solicitor, purporting to act as (c. 45). p. 408.

track licence (effect of conviction) (c. 58, ss. 7 (1) (6), 16 (1) (d)).

pp. 634, 643.

Trustees of the National Maritime Museum (c. 43, s. 2 (1) ). p. 358.

Unemployment Assistance Board (c. 29, s. 35, sell. 6). pp. 224, 269.

Costs. Arbitrations. See Arbitration Act (as. 12, 17, sch. 1).

County Courts Act (c. 53):provisions as to—

general scale under rules (s. 99 (1) ). p. 547.

High Court or other court proceedings where fit for county court

(ss. 47, 59, 69). ~ pp. 521, 531, 535.

limited costs in claim for irregular execution (s. 146). p. 567.

recovery of costs due to bailiff (s. 147 (2)). p. 568.

rules of court replacing ss. 113, 118-9, &c.. of 1888 Act (taxation,

&c.) (s. 99 (3) (d), sch. 3). pp. 548, 603.

security for costs (transferred proceedings, impecunious plaintiff,

replevin action, Ac.) (ss. 46 (2), 57 (1), 102 (2) (a), 111 (3) ).

pp. 521, 629, 549, 553.

xlvi Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Costs— continued.

County Courts Act— continued.

solicitor and delivery of bill of costa (s. 184).

taxation (s. 184 (d) (e)).

transferred proceedings generally (s. 73).

Petroleum (Production) Act (applications to Railway and Canal

Commission) (c. 36, s. 3 (2) (c) ). p. 322.

Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act

(confirming rates of wages agreed between representative organisations in the industry, &c.). Ch. 30. p. 279.

§ 1. Applications for orders:report by board, Ac. p. 279.

2. Making of orders as to rates of wages, calculations, Ac. p. 280.

3. Contractual effect of orders; penalty for under-payment, Ac., p.

280 .

4. Revocation of orders, p. 281.

5. Constitution and proceedings of boards, p. 282.

0. Fees; officers assigned by Minister; gazetting of notice, Ac., of

order; regulations, p. 283.

7. Interpretation, p. 283.

8. Short title and duration of ss. 1 and 2. p. 284.

.Schedule:—A reas in which cotton manufacturing industry is

carried on. p. 284.

County Borough and County Council. See Local Authorities.

County' Court, England:

amendment and consolidation of law (prospective). See County

Courts (Amendment) Act (prospectively repealed): County

Courts Act.

appeals to Court of Appeal (in lieu of Divisional Court). See

Administration of Justice (Appeals) Act: County Courts

Act (Part V' and sell. 4 Part III para. 9).

arbitrations under Agricultural Holdings Act (c. 14, 8. 18). p. 47.

districts and sittings. See County Courts Act (Part I).

high bailiffs (transitional provisions) (c. 53, 8. 189, sob. 4).

pp. 586, 607.

rule committee (c. 53, ss. 99, 191 (e) (q) ). pp. 547, 587-8.

Shops Act appeals, &c. (c. 42, ss. 10 (6), 11). pp. 349, 350.

Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act compensation trusts

(c. 23, s. 5 (2) ). p. 135.

County Courts Act:to consolidate certain enactments relating to

county courts (E.). Ch. 53. p. 500.

Part I.— Constitution and Administration.

County Courts and Districts.

1. County courts to be held for districts, p. 500.

2. Delimitation of districts, p. 501.

3. Definition of Duchy of Lancaster districts, p.501.

Judges.

4. Appointment of judges for districts, p. 502.

5. Qualifications of judges, p. 503.

0. Disqualifications of judges, p. 503.

7. Removal and retirement of judges, p. 503.

8. .Salaries and allowances of judges, p. 503.

9. Pensions of judges, p. 504.

10. Inclusion of judges in commissions of the peace, p. 505.

p. 583.

p. 584.

p. 536.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts xlvii

and Measures.

County Courts Act— continued.

Part I. —Constitution and Administration— could.

Deputy Judgcs.

§ 11. Appointment of deputy judges, p. 505.

12. Qualifications of deputy judges and right to practise, p. 508.

13. Removal of deputy judges, p. 5(J6.

14. Remuneration of deputy judges, p. 506.

15. Powers of deputy judges, p. 507.

Registram.

16. Appointment of registrars, p. 507.

17. Whole-time registrars, p. 508.

18. Qualification of registrars, p. 508.

19. Removal and retirement of registrars and notice of vacancies.

p. 508.

20. Salary of registrars, p. 509.

21. Pensions of whole-time registrars, p. 509.

22. Residence of regist rars, p. 510.

23. Records of proceedings to be kept by registrars, p. 510.

Deputy and Assistant Registrars and other Officers.

24. Deputy registrars, p. 511.

25. Assistant registrars, p. 612.

26. Powers and liabilities of deputy and assistant registrars, p. 512.

27. Qualification of deputy and assistant registrars, p. 512.

28. Appointment and removal of subordinate officers, p. 512.

29. Status and pensions of persons employed in court service, p. 513.

Miecellancous Provisions as to Officers.

30. Officers of court not to act as solicitors therein, p. 513.

31. Penalty for assaulting officers, p. 514.

32. Misconduct of officers, p. 614.

Court Buildings and Offices.

33. Use of public buildings for the holding of courts, p. 615.

34. Provision of court-houses by Commissioners of Works, p. 615.

Sittings.

35. Ordinary sittings, p. 516.

36. Adjournment of court, p. 616.

37. Additional courts, p. 617.

38. Extraordinary sittings, p. 517.

39. Closing of courts, p. 517.

Part II.—Jurisdiction and Transfer or Proceedings.

Actions oj Contract and Tort.

40. General jurisdiction in actions of contract and tort. p. 517.

41. Money recoverable by statute, p. 618.

42. Abandonment of part of claim to give court jurisdiction, p. 518.

43. Jurisdiction by agreement in actions assigned to King's Bench

Division, p. 519.

44. Transfer of actions of contract or tort from county court to High

Court, p. 519.

45. Transfer of actions of contract or tort from High Court to county

court, p. 619.

46. Transfer from High Court to county court of actions of tort where

plaintiff impecunious, p. 520.

47. Costs of actions of contract or tort begun in High Court which

could have been begun in county court, p. 521.

Recovery of Land and Cases where Title in Question.

48. Jurisdiction in actions for recovery of land. p. 523.

49. Transfer of actions for recovery of land from county court to High

Court, p. 623.

50. Transfer of actions for recovery of land from High Court to county

court, p. 524.

51. Jurisdiction whore title in question, p. 524.

xlviii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

County Courts Act — continued.

Part II —Jurisdiction and Transfer of Proceedings — conld.

Equity Proceedings.

§ 52. Equity jurisdiction, p. 525.

53. Jurisdiction by agreement in certain equity proceedings, p. 626.

54. Transfer of equity proceedings from High Court to county court.

p. 526.

Admiralty Proceedings.

55. Districts for admiralty purposes, p. 526.

50. Jurisdiction in admiralty proceedings, p. 527.

57. Transfer of admiralty proceedings from county court to High Court.

p. 529.

58. Transfer of admiralty proceedings from High Court to county court.

p. 530.

59. Costs of certain admiralty proceedings begun in High Court which

could have boon begun in county court, p. 531.

Probate Proceedings.

60. Jurisdiction in probato proceedings, p. 531.

Jil. Transfer of probate proceedings from High Court to county court,

p. 532.

62. Effect of order of judge in probate proceedings, p. 632.

Miscellaneous Provisions as to Jurisdiction.

63. Jurisdiction as to counter-claims, p. 533.

64. Procedure where proceedings beyond jurisdiction ore begun in

county court, p. 534.

65. Transfer of proceedings from High Court to county court by agreement. p. 534.

66. Transfer of interpleader proceedings from High Court to county

court, p. 034.

67. Division of causes of action, p. 534.

68. No action on judgment of other courts, p. 534.

69. Costs of actions begun in courts other than High Court which could

have been begun in county court, p. 535.

Exercise oj Jurisdiction and Ancillary Jurisdiction.

7l). Persons who may exorcise jurisdiction of court, p. 535.

71. General ancillary jurisdiction, p. 535.

72. Ancillary powers of judge, p. 535.

General Provisions as to Transfer of Actions.

73. Costs in cases transferred from one court to another, p. 536.

74. Procedure on transfer of cases from High Court, p. 538.

Part HI.—Procedure.

Parties.

75. Proceedings by the Crown, p. 537.

76. Executors and administrators, p. 538.

77. Infants, p. 538.

78. Persons jointly liable, p. 638.

79. Bankruptcy of plaintiff, p. 538.

Arrest in Admiralty Proceedings.

80. Arrest in admiralty proceedings, p. 538.

H'frnessrs and Evidence.

81. Penalty for neglecting witness summons, p. 539.

82. Examination of witnesses abroad, p. 539.

83. Evidence of prisoners, p. 540.

84. Persons who may take affidavits for use in county court, p. 540.

85. Evidence in admiralty proceedings, p. 540.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts xlix

and Measures.

County Courts Act— continued.

Part III.— Procedure— conkl.

Right of Audience mul Mode of Trial.

§ Kli. Right of audience, p. 641.

87. Trial by judge or registrar, p. 1)41.

88. Assessors, p. 542.

8li. Power of judge to refer to arbitration, p. 542.

90. Power of judge to refer to registrar or referee, p. 542.

Juries.

91. Trial by jury. p. 543.

92. Summoning of jurors, p. 544.

93. Impanelling, swearing, verdict and remuneration of jury. p. 545.

94. Duty of judge to determine foreign law in jury trials, p. 545.

Judgments and Orders.

95. Finality of judgments and orders, p. 545.

98. Payment of judgments and orders, p. 545.

97. Set-off in cases of cross judgments in county courts and High Court.

p. 546.

98. Register of judgments and orders, p. 546.

t General Rules of Procedure.

99. County court rules, p. 547.

100. Application of practice of High Court, p. 548.

Part IV.— Replevin.

101. Replevins to be granted by registrar on security being given, p. 549.

102. Amount and conditions of security, p. 549.

103. Removal of action of replevin to High Court at instance of defendant.

p. 550.

Part V.— Appeals, Certiorari, Prohibition and

Mandamus.

General.

104. Removal of actions from county court prohibited except as provided

in Act. p. 551.

Appeals.

105. General provisions as t-o appeals (to C.A.). p. 551.

106. Appeals in admiralty proceedings (to C.A.). p. 551.

107. Agreement not to appeal, p. 552.

108. Judge’s note on appeal, p. 552.

109. Fowotb of C.A. on appeal from county courts, p. 553.

110. Decision of C.A. on probate appeals to be final, p. 553.

Certiorari, Prohibition and Mundamus.

111. Certiorari, p. 553.

112. Prohibition, p. 533.

113. Stay of proceedings in case of certiorari or prohibition, p. 554.

114. Order in liou of mandamus, p. 554.

115. Refusal of writ to be final, p. 654.

Part VI.— Execution and Committals.

Warrant* of Execution.

1 111. Execution of judgments or orders for sum of money, p. 555.

117. Execution of orders for payment by instalments, p. 555.

118. Execution to be superseded on payment, p. 556.

119. Power to suspend execution, p. 536.

120. Execution of warrants of possession, p. 550.

1 Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

County Courts Act — continued.

Part VI. —Execution and Committals— conui .

Seizure of Goods, the., and Custody thereof .

§ 121. Goods which may be seized, p. 550.

122. Custody of goods seized, p. 557.

123. Disposal of bills of exchange, See ., seised, p. 567.

124. Penalty for rescuing goods seized, p. 557.

Salt of Goods stizctl.

125. Period to elapse before sale. p. 557.

120. Goods not to be sold except- by brokers or appraisers, p. 658.

127. Appointment of brokers, appraisers, &c. p. 558.

128. Power to authorise bailiffs to act as brokers and appraisers, p. 558.

129. Sales under executions to be public unless otherwise ordered, p. 558.

130. Protection of registrar selling goods under execution without notice

of cl aim by third party, p. 559.

Claims in respect of Goods seized.

131. Priority of High Court and county court executions, p. 559.

132. Sale of goods where claim made thereto, p. 580.

133. Interpleader by registrar, p. 560.

134. Claims for rent whore goods seized in execution, p. 561.

Transfer of Proceedings for Execution.

135. Execution out of jurisdiction of court, p. 562.

130. -Removal of judgment to High Court for purpose of execution, p.

663.

137. Transfer of execution in admiralty proceedings, p. 563.

138. Transfer from High Court of applications to attach debts or levy

execution against member of firm. p. 564.

Committals.

139. Power to commit for contempt, p. 564.

140. Issue and execution of orders of committal, p. 565.

141. Prisons to which committals may be made. p. 565.

142. Power of judge to order discharge, p. 665.

143. Exocution of committal dnleis out of jurisdiction of court, p. 666.

Responsibility and Protection of Officers.

144. Registrar to have same responsibility as shoriif. p. 567.

145. Liability of bailiff for neglect to levy execution, p. 567.

146. Irregularity in executing warrants, p. 567.

147. Actions against bailiffs acting under warrants, p. 567.

148. Warrants evidence of authority, p. 568.

Part VET. —Administration Orders.

149. Power to make administration order when debts less than £50.

p. 568. i

150. Notice of order and proof of debts, p. 569.

151. Effect of administration order, p. 569.

152. Execution by registrar, p. 570.

153. Right of landlord to distrain notwithstanding order, p. 570.

154. Appropriation ol money paid under order, p. 570.

155. Default in payment of instalments, p. 570.

156. Discharge of order, p. 571.

157. Rules for purposes of Part VII. p. 571.

Part VJLQ.— Fund9 in Cocrt.

158. Rules as to funds in county court, p. 571.

159. Rules as to funds in Mayor's and City of London Court, p. 573.

160. Rules to be laid before Parliament, p. 574.

161. Liability of Consolidated Fund for funds in court, p. 574.

162. Provisions as to closed accounts, p. 575.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acta Ii

and Measures.

County Courts Act— continued.

Pah* VIII.— Funds in Court — contd.

§ 163. Accounts to be kept for purpose of County Court Funds Rules,

p. 575.

164. Transfer to county court of money recovered in High Court by

infants, &c. p. 575.

165. Amendment of certain enactments, p. 576.

166. Interpretation of Part VIU. p. 570.

Part IX. —Miscellaneous and General.

Financial Provisions.

167. Fees orders, p. 577.

168. Enforcement of liability for fees. p. 577.

169. Enforcement of fines, p. 578.

170. Registrar to take charge of fees, ice. p. 578.

171. Security for money in hands of officers, p. 578.

172. Accounta of registrar, p. 578.

173. Central accounts, p. 579.

174. Payment of salaries and expenses, p. 579.

Summonses and other Documents.

175. Proof of service of summonses, &o. p. 579.

176. Summonses and other process to be under seal. p. 580.

177. Penalty for falsely pretending to act under authority of court.

p. 580.

178. Penalty for representing document to have been issued from county

court, p. 680.

179. Lessee to give notice of summons for recovery of land. p. 580.

Forfeiture for Non-Payment of Pent.

180. Provisions as to forfeiture for non-payment of rent. p. 581.

Provisions as to Solicitors.

181. No privilege allowed to solicitoni. p. 583.

182. Discontinuance of roll of solicitors, p. 583.

183. Power to enforce undertakings of solicitors, p. 583.

184. Remuneration of solicitors for contentious business dono in county

court, p. 583.

185. Persons other than solicitors not to have or recover fee for work

in county court, p. 584.

Provisions as to other Local Courts.

186. Mayor’s and City of London Court, p. 584.

187. Exclusion of jurisdiction of local courts in certain cases, p. 685.

Actions for price of Beer, Ac.

188. Prohibition of actions for price of beer, Ac., consumed on premises.

p. 580.

Transitional.

189. Transitional provisions as to high bailiffs, p. 686.

190. Miscellaneous transitional provisions, p. 587.

General.

191. Interpretation, p. 587.

192. Savings, p. 689.

193. Short title, extent, commencement and repeal, p. 591.

Schedule 1.—Scale of pensions and allowances of judges snd registrars.

p. 691.

Part I.—Judges' pensions, p. 591.

Part II.—Registrars’ superannuation allowances, p. 692.

Schedule 2.—Extent of jurisdiction of court under certain enactments,

p. 593.

3 C

lii Index to Ike Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

County Courts Act— continued .

Part IX. —Miscellaneous and General— conld.

Schedule 3.—Enactments formerly regulating or providing for matters

which can be regulated or provided for by County Court Rules, p. 696.

Schedule 4.—Transitional provisions.

Port I.—Modifications of Act in tlte case of court.where the offices

of high bailiff and registrar are hold by different persons, p. 607.

Part II.—Provision as to certain deputy registrars, p. 608.

Part III.—Provisions us to pending proceedings, p. 609.

Schedule 5.—Enactments repealed, p. 611.

County Courts (Amendment) Act (amending the County Courts

Acts, 1888 to 1924, &c.) (repealed by consolidating Act (c. 53))

(E.). Ch. 17. p. 55.

Courts, Judges and Registrars.

§ 1. Amendment as to constitution of courts (see now p. 500). p. 55.

2. Deputy judges (see now pp. 605-7). p. 56.

3. Provisions us to Duchy of Lancaster (see now pp. 501-3, 606, Ac.).

p. 67.

4. Provision of court-houses, offices, Ac. (see now pp. 515-6). p. 58.

Amendments as to Jurisdiction.

5. Amendments os to ordinary jurisdiction (see now p. 518, Ac.), p. 59.

0. Actions for the recovery of lnnd (see now p. 523, Ac.). p. 59.

7. Jurisdiction in equity proceedings (see now p. 525, Ac.), p. 61.

8. Transfer of equity proceedings from High Court to county court

(see now p. 526). p. 61.

9. Procedure whore proceedings beyond jurisdiction are commenced

in county court (see now p. 534). p. 62.

10. Transfer of proceedings from High Court to county court by agreement (see now p. 534). p. 02.

11. Jurisdiction as to counterclaims (see now p. 533). p. 62.

Admiralty Proceedings.

12. Amendment of s. 2 of 1868 Act (see now p. 526). p. 63.

13. Jurisdiction in admiralty proceedings (see now p. 627). p. 64.

14. Assessors in admiralty proceedings (see now p. 542 for general power).

p. 60.

15. Appeals in admiralty proceedings (see now p. 551). p. 66.

16. Transfer of admiralty proceedings from High Court to county court

(see now p. 630). p. 67.

Mode of Trial.

17. Amendment as to trial by jury (see now p. 543). p. 08.

18. Summoning of jurors (see now p. 544). p. 69.

19. Power of registrar to try rases by consent (see now p. 541). p. 70.

20. Extension of judge's power to refer (see now p. 542). p. 70.

Financial Provisions.

21. Rules ns to funds in court (see now pp. 571-4). p. 70.

22. Liability of Consolidated Fund for funds in court and provision as

to dormant funds (see now p. 574). p. 73.

23. Accounts of registrar and duties as to fees, Ao., collected by Kim

(see now p. 578). p. 74.

Provisions as to Solicitors.

24. Remuneration of solicitors for contentious business done in county

court (see now p. 583). p. 75.

25. Miscellaneous provisions as to solicitors (see now pp. 541. 583).

p. 76.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts liii

and Measures.

County Courts (Amendment) Act— continued.

Miscellaneous and General.

t 26. Payment of money payable mo lor judgment, or order of court (see

now p. 5-15). p. 70.

27. Amendment of a. 158 (execution of order of commitment out of the jurisdiction of 1888 Act (we now p. 560). p. 76.

28. Registration of judgments and orders («e now p. 540). p. 77.

29. Minor amendments, p. 78.

30. Amendment as to rules of court (see now p. 5-47). p. 78.

31. Penalty for representing document to hove been issued from county

court (see now p. 580). p. 78.

32. Amendment- of s. 186 (definitions) of 1888 Act (see now pp. 587-8).

p. 79.

33. Interpretation, p. 79.

34. Repeals, p. 80.

35. Short title, saving, construction, extent and commencem.'nt. p. SO.

Schedule 1.—Provisions as Pi forfeiture for non-payment of rent (ere

now p. 581). p. 81.

Schedule 2.—Extent of jurisdiction of court- under certain enactments

(sec now pp. 526, 593). p. 83.

Schedule 3. —Matters as respects which provision may he mode by

County Court Funds Rules (see now p. 571). p. 88.

Schedule 4.—Minor amemlmonts. p. 87.

Schedule 5.—Enactments repealed, p. 95.

Court. County court. See County Courts Apt.

court of record, county court as (c. 53, s. 1 (2) ). p. 501.

local court and county court (c. 53, 8. 187). p. 5S5.

See also County Court, England; Quarter Sessions, England;

Session, Court of. Scotland; Sheriff Court, Scotland:

Supreme Court, England.

Criminal Law:

Betting and bookmaking. See Betting and Lotteries Act (Part 1).

Cotton Manufacturing Industry, &e. Act offences (c. 30, s. 3).

p. 280.

County Courts Act offences (c. 53, ss. 31-2, 81, 124, 139, 175 (2),

177-8). pp. 514, 539, 557, 564, 579, 580.

County Courts Act, document represented as issued from court

(o. 53, s. 178, superseding «. 17, s. 31— see p. 78). p. 580.

County courts, penalty recoverable in (c. 53, s. 41). p. 518.

Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions Act orders offences

(c. 31, s. 3, sch. (v) ). pp. 289, 292,

Director of Public Prosecutions, proceedings by, under—

Betting and Lotteries Act (c. 58, bs. 22 (3), 31 (7)). pp. 649, 657.

Incitement to Disaffection Act (c. 56, s. 3 (2) (3) ). p. 624.

False pretence, fraud, &c. See Fraud.

Illegal trawling (S.). See Illegal Trawling (Scotland) Act.

Incitement to Disaffection Act (c. 56). p. 622.

Lotteries. See Betting and Lotteries Act (Part II).

Motoring offences (power to convict, &c., for lesser offence) (c. 50,

ss. 34-5, 37. 41 (10) ). pp. 461-2, 405.

Onus of proof on defendant (false designation of milk) (c. 51, s. 10 (1)).

p. 487.

Protection of Animals Act (public contests, throwing bulls, &e.)

(c. 21). p. 125.

Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act (c. 25).

p. 142

Road traffic offences. See Road Traffic Act.

3C2

liv

Index to the Public General Acta

and Measures.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Criminal Law — continued .

Shops Act offences (records, defences, &c.) (c. 42, sa. 1 (5), 7 (5),

9 (3), 10 (7) ). pp. 340, 340-7, 349.

Solicitors Act (body corporate) (c. 45). p. 408.

Unemployment Assistance Act fraud (c. 29, s. 48). p. 238.

Unemployment Insurance Act offences (c. 29, s. 23). p. 213.

Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act penalties (c. 20,

s. 5). p. 114.

Whaling industry offences. See Whaling Industry (Regulation).

Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act offences (c. 23, ss. 1 (3),

2(2)). p. 129, 131.

. See also Corporation:Limitation of Time.

Crown. Crown proceedings in county court (c. 53, ss. 47 (6), 75).

pp. 523, 537.

milk board sums due to Minister recoverable as Crown debt (c. 51,

ss. 5 (4), 8 (2)). pp. 480, 484.

petroleum strata, property in, vested in Crown. See Petroleum

(Production) Act.

private capacity of H.M. unaffected by county court Crown proceedings (c. 53, s. 75 (2) ). p. 537.

seducing H.M. forces from allegiance to. See Incitement to

Disaffection Act.

Cruelty. See Protection of Animals Act:Protection of

Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (S.) Act.

Cunard Steam Ship Co. See North Atlantic Shipping Act.

Customs (see also Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act

(s. 3); Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions

Act).

British hydrocarbon oils preference (c. 4, s. 1). p. 16.

Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions Act customs arrangements (c. 31, ss. 1 (4), 2, 6 (4) ). pp. 287, 289, 291.

Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act (c. 6). p. 19.

enactments adaptable by order (import restrictions, &o.) (c. 31,

s. 3, sch. (vi) ). pp. 289, 292.

Finance Act (annual giant or alteration of duties). See Finance

Act (Part I).

Isle of Man arrangements. See Isle of Man (Customs) Act.

safeguarding duties (arc-lamp carbons and insulin) (o. 32, as. 4, 5).

p. 295.

D.

Damages. Actions for or against dead person’s estate (c. 41, b. I

(2) (4)-(6) ). pp. 336-7.

Interest on, award of (c. 41, s. 3). p. 338.

Milk marketing scheme contract (c. 51, s. 12 (4) ). p. 490.

Warrant irregularly executed (special damage) (c. 63, s. 146).

p. 567.

Death (see also Births, Deaths and Marriagf.s:Death Duties).

effect on arbitration agreement. See Arbitration Act.

effect on causes of action (c. 41, ss. 1, 2). p. 335.

effect on track licence (c. 58, s. 9 (3) ). p. 637.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts It

and Measures.

Death— continued .

effect on workmen's compensation (coal mines) (c. 23, s. 2 (1) proviso).

p. 131.

funeral expenses in certain claims (c. 41, s. 1 (2) (c)). p. 336.

funeral expenses in Fatal Accidents Acts cases (c. 41, s. 2 (3) (4) ).

p. 338.

Death Duties:Estate duty on annuities, 4c. (c. 32, s. 28). p. 307.

Debtors Act, Commitment under (c. 53, s. 143 (5) ). p. 566.

Debts Clearing Offices and Imtobt Restrictions Act. Ch. 31.

p. 286.

5 1. Power of Treasury in certain circumstances to set up Cloaring

Offices (collection, Ac., of foreign debts), p. 280.

2. Power of Board of Trade in certain circumstances to restrict imports

from a foreign country, p. 289.

3. Contents of orders, p. 289.

4. Orders to be laid before Parliament, Ac. p. 290.

5. Expenses of deportments; fees for import licences, p. 290.

0. Interpretation, p. 290.

7. Short, title and duration, p. 290.

Schedule (contents of orders), p. 291.

Defence Forces (see also Air Force Reserve (Pilots and

Observers):Army and Air Force (Annual) Act.)

Appropriation Act provisions (expenditure and half-pay declarations)

(c. 44, ss. 4-6). p. 300.

Unemployment insurance of officers of reserve forces (c. 29, s. 25 (3)).

p. 215.

Unemployment insurance of discharged men (e. 29, ss. 25 (1) (2),

29, sch. 5). pp. 215, 217, 261.

Din dings Agreement (Approval) Act; to approve an agreement

with the Sultan of Perak. Ch. 55. p. 620.

Director of Public Prosecutions. See Criminal Law,

Disaffection. Incitement, (c. 56). p. 622.

Disqualification. County court judges (c. 53, s. 6). p. 502.

dog-owners (for cruelty) in Scotland (c. 25). p. 143.

speed limit conviction (driving licence) (c. 50, ss. 5, 6 (3) (4) ).

pp. 435, 437.

Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee membership and

House of Commons (c. 29, sch. 3, para. 3). p. 254.

District Council. See Local Authorities.

Dogs. See Betting and Lotteries Act (Part I, racing); Protection

of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (S.) Act.

Dominions, Self-Governino. See Colonial Stock Act: Newfoundland:Whaling Industry (Regulation) (s. 15 of Act).

Dyestuffs (Imtort Regulation) Act. Ch. 6. p. 19.

5 1. Act of 1920, aa amended, to be permanent, p. 19.

2. Amended description of goods prohibited to 1* imported, p . 19.

3. Constitution or udviaory commit tee. p. 20.

4. Representations to the Import Duties Advisory Committee, p. 21,

5. Printing of principal Act as amended, p. 21.

G. Short title, p. 21.

Ivi Index to the Public General Acte 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

E.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners. See Cathedrals (Amendment)

Measure.

Education. Authorised course (U.L Act) deemed a school (c. 29.

ss. 31 (1) (4), 32 (9) ). pp. 218, 220, 222.

courses of instruction, to be provided by education authority (U.I.

Act) (c. 29, bs. 13-5, 31 (1), 32). pp. 202, 218, 221.

effect of earlier age for entry into unemplo\’ment insurance (c. 29,

s. 1, sell. 1). pp.191, 251.

grants, expense of increased (U.I. Act) (c. 29, s. 30)- P- 218.

race track proximity (c. 58, ss. 6 (4), 7 (1) (a) (i), 31 (4).) pp. 633-4, 656.

scholarships, &c, for architecture (c. 38). p. 327.

training courses, &c. f for insured contributors (c. 29, ss. 6 (2), 7,

29, 37, 43, Bch. 5). pp. 196, 217, 227, 233, 263.

imemployment assistance administered by education authorities

(c. 29, ss. 42 (2), 54 (1). ' pp. 233, 243.

young persons employed in spells (c. 42, s. 2). p. 340.

Education, Scotland (see also Education).

duties of Scottish Education Department undci U.I. Act (c. 29,

ss. 1 (3), 13 (1), 32 (1) ). pp. 192, 202, 221.

training of poor persons to fit them for work (c. 52, s. 7). p. 495.

poor law settlement (detention in approved school excluded) (c. 52,

a. 14). p. 498.

Electricity. Special orders (companies supplying electricity with

gas or water) (c. 28, s. 15 (2) ). p. 165.

Employment (see also Cotton Manufacturing Industry:Trade

Dispute:Unemployment Act (Part I, insurance:Part II,

assistance, &c.): Workmen’s Compensation).

employers to notify when person under IS leaves (c. 29, s. 16). p. 205.

labour conditions on works facilitated by Palestine Loan guarantee

(c. 33, s. 2 (2) (a) ). p. 316.

poor law relief in Scotland to able-bodied unemployed, training to

fit for work, &c. (c. 52, ss. 2, 7). pp. 492, 495.

Shops Act conditions (c. 42). See Shops Act.

vehicle-drivers’ hours on duty. See Road Traffic Act (s. 7).

wages, county court actions (seamen and infants) (c. 53, ss. 56 (1) (/),

77). pp. 528, 538.

young persons in betting business (c. 58, ss. 15 (2)-(4), 20 (1) ).

pp. 642, 646.

Equity. County court jurisdiction (c. 17, s. 7 (superseded); c. 53.

ss. 62-4, 71). pp. 61, 525, 535.

Estate Duty. See Death Duties.

Evidence (see also Affidavit; Witness).

Admiralty proceedings in county court (c. 53, s. 85).

adopted children register entries available for—

Fatal Accidents Acts claims (c. 41, s. 2 (2) ).

workmen’s compensation (e. 34, s. 1 (2) ).

arbitration proceedings (c. 14, ss. 8, 18, sell. 1).

birth, death or marriage certificate. See Births,

Marriages.

p. 540.

p. 337.

p. 318.

42, 47, 49.

Deaths and

PP

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts lvii

and Measures.

Evidence— continued.

Cathedrals Measure scheme as evidence for transfer of 9tock. See

Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure (s. 10).

clerk in holy orders and vacation of deed of relinquishment. See

Clerical Disabilities, &c. Measure.

Cotton Manufacturing Industry, &c. Act board inquiry (c. 30,

s. 5 (4)). p. 282.

county court actions. See County Courts Act (Part III),

county court appeals (judge's note) (c. 53, s. 108). p. 552.

county court records (c. 53, s. 23). p. 510.

county court summons, &c., proof of, and of service (c. 53, ss. 175-6).

pp. 579, 580.

light signals on roads (requirements deemed complied with) (c. 50,

s. 36). p. 461.

motor-vehicle driver’s conviction (c. 50, s. 33 (2) ). p. 460.

prisoner’s evidence (county court) (c. 53, s. 83). p. 540.

Unemployment Assistance Board’s documents (c. 29, s. 35, sch. 6,

para. 11). pp. 224, 269.

Whaling industry licence or permit (c. 49, s. 10 (3) ). p. 425.

Execution. County court provisions. See County Courts Act

(Part VI).

Executors. See Administration of Estates.

Expiring Laws Continuance:An Act to continue certain expiring

laws. Cb. 57. p. 625.

Extortion. County court officer (c. 53, s. 32). p. 514.

F.

Factory and Workshop:

Gas Undertakings Act (inspection of premises) (c. 28, s. 21 (2) ).

p. 16S.

Shops Act and employment (c. 42, ss. 1 (3)-(5), 13 (3), 15 (l) (5) ).

pp. 340, 351-2, 354.

whale-oil factories (c. 49, ss. 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 17 (1) ).

pp. 420-1, 424-5, 428.

False Representation, &r. Sec Fraud.

Fatal Accidents Acts. Saved and amended (c. 41, ss. 1 (5), 2).

pp. 336-7.

money recovered in High Court transferred to county court (c. 53,

s. 164). p. 675.

Finance Act. Ch. 32. p. 292.

Part I.— Customs and Excise.

§ 1. Alteration of customs dut ies on colonial sugar, molat-scs, glucose, Ac.

p. 292.

2. Customs duties on hydroearlxjn oils in refineries, p. 293.

3. Measurement of artificially heated hydrocarbon oils for purpose of

customs duty, Ac. p. 293.

4. Increase of customs duty on arc-lnmp carbons, p. 295.

5. Repeal of customs duty on insulin, p. 295.

6. Customs duty on patent leather, p. 296.

7. Amendments as to drawback of duties under Import Duties Act,

1932. p. 206.

lviii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Finance Act— continued.

Part I— Customs and Excise —continued.

8. Amendment as to relief of certain machinery from duties under

Import Duties Act, 1932. p. 297.

9. Certain goods used in shipbuilding exempted from duties under

Import Duties Act, 1932. p. 297.

10. Goods becoming, or ceasing to be, exempt from general ad valorem

duty. p. 298.

11. Power of Advisory Committee to obtain information and disclosure

of information, p. 299.

12. Restriction of use of certain goods relieved from spirit duty. p. 299.

13. Power to warehouse British compounds in bottles, p. 300.

14. Relief in case of excessive assessment of annual value of premises

for purpose of excise licence, p. 300.

15. Amendment of Finance Act, 1923 (illicit distillation in N.I.). p. 301.

16. Prevention of smuggling in Northern Ireland, p. 301.

17. Payment for excise licences by cheque, p. 302.

18. Amendments as to licences for mechanically propelled vehicles.

p. 302.

Part II.— Income Tax.

19. Income tax for 1934-35. p. 303.

20. Higher rates of income tax for 1933-34. p. 303.

21. Income tax on certain rents, mining royalties, Ac. p. 303.

22. Exemption for Issue Department of Rcsorvo Bonk of India, p. 305.

Part III.— National Debt and Guaranteed Loans.

23. Permanent annual charge for the National Debt. p. 305.

24. Sinking fund of 3 per cent. Funding Loon 1959-69. p. 305.

25. Power of Treasury to guarantee loans issued to redeem oxisting

guaranteed loans, p. 300.

Part IV. —Miscellaneous and General.

26. Amendment as to sum to be paid into Road Fund. p. 307.

27. Repeal of land value tax. p. 307.

28. Estate duty in respect of annuities and other interests, p. 307.

29. Amendment as to stamp duty on loan capital, p. 308.

30. Short title, construction, extent and repeals, p. 308.

Schedules:

1. —Rates of customs duties and drawbacks on certificated colonial

sugar, p. 309.

2. —Goods exempted from duties under Import Duties Act, 1932,

when imported for certain shipbuilding purposes, p. 311.

3. —Amended rates of duty in the case of certain mechanically

propelled vehicles, p. 311.

4. —Enactments repealed, p. 313.

Fines. County court (payment to registrar. Sic.) (c. 53, s. 170). p. 678.

penalties recoverable in county court (c. 53, s. 41). p. 518.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act (disposal) (c. 49, s. 16). p. 427.

Firearms Act (amendment of 1920 Act as to age of persons who may

purchase. See.; altered definition of firearms (smooth-bore shotgun, air gun, &c.) ). (E. S.) Ch. 16. p. 54.

Fisheries. Regulation. See. Illegal Trawling (S.) Act:Whaling

Industry (Regulation).

fish as goods within Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions

Act (c. 31, s. 6 (3) ). p. 290.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts lix

a nd Measures.

Fishery Board fob Scotland. Illegal Trawling (S.) Act (c. 18,

es. 1 (2) (6), 4). pp. 103-5.

Remission, &c., of arrears of Eyemouth Harbour loan (c. 48, ss. 2,

3, sch.). pp. 416-7.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act powers (c. 49, ss. 14 (1), 16).

p. 427.

Foreion Country. See Cattle Industry, Sec. Act (imported

cattle): County Courts Act (s. 82, evidence abroad; s. 94, foreign

law): Customs:Debts Clearing Offices, &c. Act:Foreign

Marriage Act, 1892:Overseas Trade Act.

Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890. Whaling Industry (Regulation)

Act extension under (c. 49, s. 13 (2) ). p. 426.

Foreign Marriage Act, 1892. Amended' (hours) (c. 13, ss. 1 (2), 2).

p. 38.

Forfeiture. Gear and nets (illegal trawling, Scotland) (c. 18, s. 1 (2)).

p. 103.

Illegal lottery money (c. 58, s. 30 (3) ). p. 655.

Forgery. Road Traffic Act licence proceedings (time-limit) (c. 50.

s. 33 (1) ). p. 459.

whaling industry licence, &c. (c. 49, s. 9). p. 425.

Fraud (see also Foroery).

arbitration and dispute involving fraud. See Arbitration Act.

County Courts Act (c. 53) provisions:

bailiff and false statement on summons (s. 175 (2) ). p. 579.

corrupt, &o., of county court officer (ss. 32, 191 (o))pp. 514, 588.

equitable jurisdiction as to fraud (s. 52 (1) (g) (2) ).. p. 525.

issue of fraud (jury) (s. 91 (3) (a), superseding c. 17, s. 17 (2) (a))

pp. 68, 543.

pretending to act under authority of court (s. 177). p. 580.

representing unauthorised document to be issued by court (s. 178).

p. 580.

half-pay declarations, &c. (Appropriation Act) (c. 44, 8. 6 (2) ).

p. 367.

Milk Act statement (c. 51, s. 7 (4) (a) (d) ). pp. 482-3.

Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act, 1922, advertisement, Sec.

(tuberculosis-free) (c. 51, 8. 10 (1) ). p. 487.

public service vehicle licence-holder's record (c. 50, 8. 25 (4)). p. 454.

Shops Act records (c. 42, s. 7 (5) ). p. 346.

truck licence refused for fraud:false statement by applicant (o. 58,

ss. 7, 8 (6), 16 (1) (d )). ‘pp. 634, 637, 643.

Unemployment Assistance Act allowance (c. 29, s. 48). p. 238.

unemployment book or card (false representation) (c. 29, s. 23 (4) ).

p. 214.

Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act certificate (c. 23, s. 2 (2)).

p. 131.

Friendly Society. Sick pay disregarded for—

outdoor relief in England (amdt.) (c. 59, s. 1 (a) ). p. 663.

outdoor relief in Scotland (c. 52, s. 11 (1) (a) ). p. 497.

unemployment assistance (c. 29, s. 38 (3) ). p. 228.

Funeral Expenses. See Death.

lx Index to the Public General Acta 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

G.

Gamino. See Betting and Lotteries Act.

Gas. See Gas Undertakings Act: Petroleum (Production -)

Act (ss. 4, 10). And see Road Traffic Act (s. 23).

Gas Undertakings Act. (E. S.) Ch. 28. p. 147.

Capitol and Renewal Funds.

§ 1. Issue of share capital by undertakers, p. 147.

2. No obligation to issue dobenture stock by public auction or tender.

p. 149.

3. 'Power for certain undertakers to pay underwriting commission.

p. 149.

4. Power for certain undertakers to issue redeemable preference and

dobenture stock, p. 160.

5. Limits of renewal fund. p. 150.

Charges for Gas.

6. Publication of prices by undertakers; consequences, p. 153.

7. Special contracts, p. 155.

8. Repeal of limitation on discounts, p. 156.

Kon-Statutory Undertakers and Undertakers other than

Thermal Unit Undertakers.

9. Imposition of statutory powers and duties on non-statutory undertakers. p. 156.

10. Purity and pressure of gas supplied by certain undertakers, p. 169.

11. Annual return of gas supplied to be furnished by non-statutory

undertakers, p. 160.

Amendments of Gas Regulation Act, 1920.

12. Abolition of offices of chief gas examiner and gas referees, p. 160.

13. Appointment of gas examiners, p. 161.

11. Amendment as to deficiency in calorific value, p. 162.

15. Amendments as to special orders, p. 164.

16. Amendment of 8. 15 (statistics. Ac.) of 1920 Act. p. 165.

Miscellaneous arid General.

17. Further facilities for co-ojteration between undertakers, p. 165.

18. Notice to be given by gas consumers before quitting premises.

p. 166.

19. Consumers quitting premises without paying gas charges, p. 167.

20. Cutting of! supply where occupier in default, p. 167.

21. Kntry on promisee, p. 168.

22. Amendment as to charge for fittings connected with prepayment

motor, p. 169.

23. Erroneous registration of meters, p. 169.

24. Stand-by supplies, p. 170.

25. Use of onti-llurtuntors and volvoa. p. 170.

26. Appointment of officers as directors, p. 172.

27. Avoidance of provisions in leases Ac. preventing supply of gas.

p. 173.

28. Expenses and powers of the Board of Trade, p. 174.

29. Expenses of local authorities, p. 174.

30. Expenses of memlters and officers of local authorities, Ac. p. 175.

31. Minor anil consequential amendments, p. 175.

32. Interpretation, p. 176.

33. Repeals, p. 177.

34. Power to Scottish local authorities to borrow for purposes of special

■ order, p. 178.

35. Application to Scotland. p. 178.

36. Short t-itlo, citation, extent and commencement, p. 179.

A.D. 1933-34. 1 ndex to the Public General Acts lxi

and Measures.

Gas Undertakings Act— continued.

Schedule 1.—Issue and redemption of redeemable and redeemed stock

by companies incorporated by statute, p. ISO.

Schedule 2.-—(Minor amendments)

Tart I.—Amendments operating at commencement of Act (Oct. I,

1031). p. 182.

Part II.—Amendments of 1020 Act operating on Jan. 1, 1935,

p. 184.

Part III.—Provisions substituted as from Jan. 1, 1939, for ss.

6. 6, 8 and 9 of 1920 Act. p. 185.

Schedule 3.—Enactments repealed-—

Port I.—(as from Oct. 1. 1931). p. 189.

Part II.—(as from Jan. 1, 1935). p. 190.

Part III.—(as from Jon. 1, 1939). p. 190.

Geneva Convention. See Whaling Industry (Regulation).

Government Department, proceeding* by, in county court (c. 53,

s. 75). p. 537.

Greenwich Hospital and Greenwich Park. Nat. Maritime

Museum Act provisions (c. 43, a. 1, sell.). pp. 357, 361.

H.

Habeas Corpus. Writ to bring up certain prisoners (Agricultural

Holdings Act arbitration witness) (c. 14, ss. 18-9). p. 47.

county court judge’s powers as under writ (prisoner witness) (c. 53,

s. 83). p. 540.

Hackney Carriage. See London. See also Road Traffic Act.

Health, Minister op:

Gas and water companies (special orders) (c. 28, a. 15 (2) ). p. 165.

Local authorities' various powers. See Local Authorities.

Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act, 1922, orders under, &c. (c. 51,

b. 10). p. 486 n

Poor Law Act (relief) (c. 59). p. 663.

Pure milk arrangements (c. 51, s. 9 (1) (a) ). p. 485.

Unemployment Assistance Act (c. 29, ss. 36 (3), 45 (2) (ii) (3), 49,

50 (5), 61). pp. 226, 235. 239, 240-1.

Water supply. See Rural Water Supplies Act: Supply of

Water rx Bulk Act:Water SurruES (Exceptional Shortage

Orders) Act.

Health, Department of, for Scotland:

Gas and water companies (special orders) (c. 28, ss. 15 (2), 35 (1) (n)).

pp. 165, 178.

Poor law relief, &t\ See Poor Law (Scotland) Act.

Rural Water Supplies Act powers (c. 7, ss. 1 (1) (4) (5), 3 (a) (c) ).

pp. 22-4.

Unemployment Assistance Act (c. 29, ss. 36 (3), 49, 50 (5), 55 (1) ).

pp. 226, 239, 240, 245.

Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act powers (c. 20,

s. 11(1) (9)). pp. 120, 121.

Herring Fisheries, Scotland. Trawling gear to be inboard in

prohibited area (c. 18, s. 4). p. 105.

lxii Index to the Public General Acta 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Highways. Traffic arrangements. See Road Traffic Act (Part III).

See also Streets.

Home Office. See Secretary of State.

Homicide, Culpable. Motorist (c. 50, ss. 34, 37, 41 (11) ).

pp. 461-2, 465.

Hospital. Emergency treatment payments (traffic casualties) (c. 50,

ss. 16, 17 (3)—(6) ). pp. 445-7.

House of Commons (see also Parliament):

disqualification for, of—

county court judge (c. 53, s. 6). p. 503.

Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee member (c. 29,

sch. 3, Part I, para. 3). p. 254.

House of Lords (see also Parliament).

appeal from C.A. restricted (c. 40, a. 1). p. 332.

water supplies exceptional shortage orders appeal restricted (c. 20,

s. 9 (3)). p. 118.

Hydrocarbon Oils. See British Hydrocarbon Oils Production:

Finance Act (Part I).

I.

Illegal Trawling (Scotland) Act (enforcing prohibition against

beam and otter trawling; penalties for other sea fisheries offences,

&c.) (S.). Ch. 18. p. 102.

Illicit Distillation, Northern Ireland. See Finance Act

(P art I).

Import Duties Advisory Committee:

Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act (c. 6, s. 4). p. 21.

* Finance Act powers (c. 32, ss. 7 (2) (4), 8 (1), 9 (2), 10 (2), 11, 30

(2) (6)). pp. 296-9, 308.

Import Restrictions. Board of Trade orders against foreign

countries (c. 31, s. 2). p. 289.

And see Customs:Finance Act:Isle of Man (Customs) Act.

Imported Cattle (marking). See Cattle Industry, &c. Act.

Incitement to Disaffection Act for better prevention and punishment of endeavours to seduce members of H.M. forces from their

duty or allegiance. Ch. 56. p. 622.

Income Tax. See Finance Act (Part II).

India. See Army and Am Force (Annual) Act (s . 7): Indian

Pay, tea. Act:Reserve Bank of India:Whalino (Industry)

Regulation (s . 15).

Indian Pay (Temporary Abatements) Act:to extend the period

under the 1931 Act, subject to a reduction in the percentage of the

abatements. Ch. 8. p. 24.

Industrial Court. Drivers' hours (c. 49, s. 7 (2) ). p. 439.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts lxiii

and Measures.

Infant. County court’s equitable jurisdiction (c. 53, s. 52 (1) (e) (2) ).

p. 525.

money recovered in High Court by (transfer to county court)

(c. 53, s. 164). p. 575.

wages, &c., suit for, in county court (c. 53, s. 77). p. 538.

Injunction, Interim. Arbitrator and (c. 14, s. 8, sch. 1).

pp. 42, 49.

Inland Revenue. See Death Duties:Finance Act (Part H,

income tax): Land (land value tax repealed): Stamp Duties.

Insulin. Duty repealed (c. 32, s. 5). p. 295.

And see Isle of Man (Customs) Act.

Insurance. See Road Traffic Act (Part II, third-party risks);

Workmen’s Compensation (Coat. Mines) Act:Unemployment

Act (Part I).

Intoxicating Liquor. See Finance Act (Part I): Licensing

(Permitted Hours):Shops Act (catering trade). See also

County Courts Act (s. 188).

Irish Free State. Smuggling in N.I. (c. 32, s. 16). p. 301.

And see Isle of Man (Customs) Act (cattle).

Isle of Man. Army and Air Force (Annual) Act (operation) (c. 11,

s. 2 (1) (a) ). p. 32.

cattle removed to U.K. deemed imported (c. 54, a. 5 (1) (c)). p. 019.

customs. See Isle of Man (Customs) Act.

Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act (application)

(c. 37, s. 2 (3) ). p. 327.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act (extension) (c. 49, s. 13 (1) ).

p. 426

Isle of Man (Customs) Act. Ch. 46. p. 409.

§ 1. Increased duty on arc-lamp carbons. p. 409.

2. Repeal of duty on insulin, p. 409.

3. Duty on patent leather, p. 409.

4. Continuation of certain annual duties, p. 410.

0. Goods becoming or ceasing to be exempt from general ad valorem

duty. p. 412.

fl. Amendment as to duties on Irish Free State goods, p. 412.

7. Short title, p. 412.

Schedule.—Irish Free Stole goods, p. 413.

J.

Judgment. County court proceedings, register, See . See. County

Courts Act (Part III).

Judicial Committee of Privy Council. See Privy Council.

Jury. County court juries, trials without jury, &c. (c. 53, ss. 91-4,

superseding c. 17, ss. 17-8 —see p. 68). pp. 543-5.

insulting county court juror (c. 53, s. 139). p. 564.

lxiv Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Justice of the Peace. County court judge as (c. 53, s. 10). p. 505.

Licensing. See Licensing (Pf.rmittkd Hours) Act.

Lottery search warrant (c. 58, as. 27, 31 (8) ). pp. 653, 657.

Swearing of affidavit before (county court) (c. 53, s. 84 (1) (6) ).

p. 540.

L.

Labour. See Employment.

Labour, Minister of. See Cotton Manufacturing Industry:

Unemployment Act.

Lancashire. See. Cotton Manufacturing Industry:Lancaster,

Duchy of.

Lancaster, Duchy of. County court provisions (judge, deputy, Sic.)

(c. 53, ss. 2 (2), 3, 4 (I) (a) (5), 5 (2), 7 (1), 11 (2) (4). 13. 15 (3),

part of which supersede c. 17, ss. 2 (2), 3— see pp. 56-7). pp. 501-3,

500-7.

Land (see also Land Settlement (S.) Act: Landlord and

Tenant).

county court actions for recovery of (c. 53, ss. 40 (1), 48-51, in

part superseding c. 17, s. 6— see p. 59). pp. 518, 523-4.

Land Charges Act, county court jurisdiction (c. 53, s. 52 (3), sch. 2).

pp. 526, 595.

land value tax repealed (c. 32, a. 27). p. 307.

National Maritime Museum (Greenwich). See National Maritime

Museum Act.

Petroleum (Production) Act (right of entry, Sic.) (c. 36, ss. 3, 10 (3) ).

pp. 321, 324.

poor law purposes in Scotland (c. 52, s. 7 (4) ). p. 496.

Settled Land Act proceedings in county court; rules, <fcc. (c. 53,

ss. 53, 99 (3) (d ), sch. 3). ‘ pp. 526, 54S, 600.

Unemployment Assistance Act work centres, &c. (c. 29, ss. 37,

40 (4), 54 (5) ). pp. 227, 232, 244.

Unemployment Assistance Board’s power to acquire (c. 29, s. 35,

sell. 6, para. 10). pp. 224, 269.

Land Settlement (Scotland) Act:to authorise for 3 years from

April 1, 1934, in lieu of sums payable to the Agriculture (Scotland)

Fund under s. 5 of the Small Landholders (S.) Act, 1911, and sch. 6

of the Local Government (S.) Act, 1929, the placing at the disposal

of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland of a sum not exceeding

£275,000 annually out of moneys voted by Parliament. Ch. 35.

p. 319.

Landlord and Tenant:

Agricultural Holdings Act arbitrations (c. 14, s. 18). p. 47,

county court actions to enforce right of re-entry or forfeiture for

non-payment of rent: relief, &c. (c. 53, s. 180, superseding c. 17.

s. 6 (6), sch. 1— see pp. 60, 81). p. 581.

distrain, right to, notwithstanding administration order (o. 53,

s. 153). p. 570.

income tax on certain rents, &c. See Finance Act (Part II).

lessee to notify lessor of county court summons for recovery of land

(c. 53, s. 179). p. 580.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts Ixv

and Measures.

Landlord and Tenant —continued.

rent, claims for, where goods seized in execution (o. 53, ss. 134,

191(1)). pp. 561, 588.

Rent Restriction Acts cases (no jury in county court) (c. 53, s. 91 (1)

(b) ). ' p. 543.

Law of Property Act, Ac., county ecjurt jurisdiction under (c. 53,

s. 52 (3), sch. 2). pp. 526, 593-4.

lease by local authority not to bar supply of gas (c. 28, ss. 27, 32 (1),

35 (1) (b). pp. 173, 176, 178.

Law of Property Act, 1925. Appeals from county court under

s. 194 (2) (c. 40, s. 2 (1), sch.) ‘ pp. 332, 334.

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (amendment of law

as to effect of death in relation to causes of action and as to the

award of interest in civil proceedings) (E.). Ch. 41. p. 335.

Lease. Sec Landlord and Tenant.

Legitimation per subscquen. s malrimonium. Registration provisions

(c. 19, ss. 1, 2). p. 107.

Licensing (Permitted Hours) Act (directions under s. 1 (1) (6) (i)

of the Licensing Act, 1921, for part year only: fixing and validity

of decisions as to permitted hours on week-dayB where such directions

made) (E. 8.). Ch. 26. p. 144.

Light Signals (on roads). See Road Traffic Act (s. 36).

Lighting of Roads (c. 50, ss. 23, 41 (8) ). pp. 451, 465.

Limitation of Time. Arbitration proceedings. See Arbitration

Act.

Road Traffic Act offences (forgery of licence, Ac.) (c. 50, s. 33 (1) ).

p. 459.

search warrant issue. See Search Warrant.

Unemplo 3 Tnent Assistance Act prosecution, Ac. (c. 29, s. 48 (4) (5) ).

p. 239.

Unemployment Fund debts recover}’ (c. 29, s. 24). p. 214.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act prosecutions (c. 49, s. 10 (2) ).

p. 425.

Liquor Licences Duties. See Finance Act (s. 14).

Local Authorities (see also London).

borrowing, under Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders)

Act (c. 20, ss. 4, 10 (1), 11 (6) (8) ). pp. 114, 119, 120.

county court use of town hall, Ac. See County Courts Act

(s. 33).

employment of persons attending training courses (c. 29, ss. 37 (b),

54(1)). pp. 227, 244.

gas undertakers, appointment of gas examiners, Ac. Sec Gas

Undertakings Act.

inferior local court jurisdiction (petition) (c. 53, s. 187). p. 585.

lease not to prevent supply of gas (c. 28, as. 27, 32 (1), 35 (1) (6) ).

pp. 173, 176, 178.

licence, payment for, by cheque (c. 32, s. 17). p. 302.

milk licences (special designations), grant of (c. 51, h. 10 (1) ).

p. 486.

ixvi

Index to the Public General Acte 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Local Authorities— continued.

poor relief. See Poor Law Act; Poor Law (Scotland) Act.

roads, foot-passenger crossings on (c. 50, ss. IS (4)-(7), 41 (5) ).

t* pp. 448, 404.

roads, lighting of, by county councils (c. 50, ss. 23, 41 (8) ).

pp. 451, 465.

rural water supplies (grants). See Rural Water Supplies Act.

Shops Act enforcement (c. 42, ss. 13 (2)-(4), 17 (e)). pp. 351, 355.

speed limit (c. 50, ss. 1 (4) (5) (9) (10), 41 (1) ). pp. 431-3, 463.

supply of water in bulk (c. 15). p. 50.

tracks for sporting events, licensing of. See Betting and Lotteries

traffic signs (c. 50, ss. 1 (7)—(10), 41 (1), sch. 3). pp. 432-3, 463, 472.

unemployment assistance (needs investigation) (c. 29, ss. 38 (5),

54 (1), 55 (5) ). pp. 229, 244, 246.

Unemployment Assistance Fund contributions (c. 29, ss. 45, 55 (3)).

pp. 234, 245.

Unemployment Insurance Act (information as to school attendances)

(c. 29, sch. 1, Part I). p. 252.

water supply. See Rural Water Supplies Act:Supply op

Water in Bulk Act:Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage

Orders) Act.

Local Loans. See Public Works Loans Act.

London:

County Courts Act how far inapplicable (c. 53. ss. 1 (1), 12 (2),

159.' 170 (2), 172). pp. 500, 506, 573, 578.

County Courts Act. Mayor’s and City of London Court how far

within (c. 53, s. 186). p. 584.

County Courts Act rules as to commencement of proceedings, &e.

(c. 53, s. 99 (3) (a) (6) (d)(4), sch. 3 as to s. 84 of 1888 Act).

pp. 547-8, 599.

foot-passenger crossings in London Traffic Area (c. 50, s. 18 (10) ).

p. 449.

hackney and stage carriage drivers’ and conductors’ licences (c. 50,

s. 39). p. 463.

heavy goods vehicle driver’s licence in Metropolitan Traffic Area

(c.‘50, s. 31 (2) ). p. 457.

Mayor's and City of London Court (see also above):

Funds Rules (c. 53, ss. 159, 164 (2), 165-6). pp. 573, 576-7.

jurisdiction in admiralty (c. 53, s. 55 (1)). p. 527.

saving (c. 53, e. 186 (2) ). p. 585.

speed limits order in London Traffic Area (consultation with

Advisory Committee) (c. 60, 8. 1 (4) (10) ). pp. 431. 433.

track racing licences (c. 58, s. 6 (2) (4) ). pp. 632-3.

traffic signs (c. 50, s. 1 (7) (9) (10)). pp. 432-3.

London Passenger Transport Board. Water-pipes on street

crossing line of (c. 15, s. 1 (4)). p. 51.

Lord Chancellor:

county court nppeals to C.A. (operation) (c. 40, s. 2 (1), Bch, ).

pp. 332-3.

county courts (amendment of law (prospective) and consolidating

Act). See County Courts (Amendment) Act:County Courts

Act. ’

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acte lxvii

and Measures.

Lord Chancellor— continued .

funds in county court (rules). See County Courts Act (Part VUI).

gas tests (arbitration) (c. 28, sch. 2, Part III). p. 187.

House of Lords appeals restricted (c. 40, s. 1). p. 332.

Rule Committee of county court (c. 53, ss. 99 (5)-(8), 191 (e) (m) ).

pp. 548, 587-8.

rules for administration orders. See County Courts Act (Part VII).

Supreme Court Rules, &c. See Supreme Court, England.

Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act rules as to deposits

(c. 23, s. 4 (3) ). p. 134.

Lotteries. See Betting and Lotteries Act.

Lunacy, England. County court transfer of money recovered in

High Court by person of unsound mind (c. 53, s. 164). p. 575.

M.

Machinery. Relief from import duty <(c. 32, s. 8). p. 297.

Mandamus:

To county court (order in lieu) (c. 53, s. 114). p. 554.

To education authority (courses of instruction, U.I. Act) (c. 29,

ss. 13 (2), 32 (6) ). pp. 202, 221.

To water undertakers (c. 20, s. 5 (1) ). p. 114.

Mandated Territory. Import restriction orders against foreign

country (c. 31, s. 2). p. 289.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act (c. 49, 8. 11). p. 426.

Manslaughter. Motorist (power to convict of less offence) (c. 50,

88.34, 41 (11)). pp. 461, 465.

Marketing Boards and Schemes. See Agricultural Marketing

(No. 2) Act:Milk Act (s. 2).

Marriage (Extension of Hours) Act:to allow marriages to l>e

solemnized at any time between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. Ch. 13.

p. 38.

Marriages. See Banns of Marriage Measure:Births, Deaths

and Marriages:Marriage (Extension of Hours) Act:

Legitimation.

Married Woman. Unemployment insurance (c. 29, s. 11 (3) ).

p. 199.

Maternity Benefit. Disregarded (E. S.). See Poor Law.

Mayor’s and City of London Court. See London.

Mechanically Propelled Vehicles Duty (c. 32, s. 18, sch. 3).

pp. 302, 311.

Medical Profession. Payments for emergency treatment (traffic

casualties) (c. 50, s. 16). p. 445.

Poor persons’ work in Scotland (medical certificate) (c. 52, s. 7 (2) ).

p. 495.

3D

lxviii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Merchant Shipping:

Admiralty jurisdiction of county court. See County Courts

Act (Part II).

Arbitration under s. 496 (3) of 1894 Act (c. 14, s. 16 (3) (4) ). p. 45.

Fishing boats in Scotland, penalty for non-registration, &c.) (c. 18,

s. 2). p. 104.

North Atlantic Shipping Act (new Cunarder, merger company,

exemption from fees) (c. 10). p. 28.

Salvage vehicles (c. 50, sch. 3). p. 474.

Seamen, wages claims in county court (c. 53, s. 56 (1) (/) ). p. 528.

Whaler crew and gunners (pay) (c. 49, s. 6 (1) ). p. 421.

And see cross-references under Ships.

Metropolitan Police. See Police.

Milk Act. Ch. 51. p.475.

Payments from and to the Exchequer in respect of mitt

used Jor manufacture.

1. Exchequer payments for milk sold for manufacture, p. 475.

2. Exchequer payments for milk used for manufacture by milk marketing boards, p. 476.

3. Exchequer payments for milk converted into cheeso at farms.

p. 477.

4. Definition of " cheese-milk price " and " standard price " and

certification of cheese-milk price, p. 478.

5. Payments to Exchequer for milk used in manufacturing milk

products, p. 479.

6. Exchequer payments to Government of Northern Ireland for milk

used for manufacture, p. 480.

7. Enforcement of payments due to Exchequer, p. 481.

8. Revocation of schemes, p. 483.

Provisions for improving the quality of the milt supply.

9. Payments for securing pure milk supply, p. 485.

10. Amendment of Milk and Dairies (Arndt.) Act, 1922 (special designations, Ac.), p. 486.

Provisions for increasing the demand for milt.

11. Contributions from Exchequer towards expenses of milk marketing

boards, p. 487.

General and supplementary provisions.

12. Extension of functions of milk marketing boards, p. 488.

13. Interpretation, p. 491.

14 Short title and commencement, p. 491.

Mines. See Mines (Working Facilities) Act: Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund) Act:Petroleum (Production) Act (bs. 7, 8)):

Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Minks) Act. And see Finance

Act (s. 21).

Mines (Working Facilities) Act (extension to certain other minerals

of Part II of Mining Industry Act, 1926 (grant of facilities for

searching for and working coal) ((E. S.) Ch. 27. p. 146.

Mining Industry (Welfare Fund) Act (amendment of s. 20 of

Mining Industry Act, 1920, &c.) (E. S.) Ch. 9. p. 25.

Ministers of Agriculture and Fisheries, Health, Labour and

Transport. See Agriculture and Flshkries, Minister of:

Health, Minister of:&c.

Mistake. County court equitable jurisdiction (c. 53, s. 52 (1) (y) (2) ).

p. 525.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts

and Measures.

lxix

Molasses. See British Sugar (Spbsidy):Finance Act (Part. I).

Mortgage. County court equitable jurisdiction (c. 53, s. 52 (1) (c) ).

p. 525.

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts cases (no jury)

(c. 63, s. 91 (1) (b) ). p. 543.

Motor Vehicles. Shops Act and sale of accessories (c. 42, ss. 6, 16,

6ch.). pp. 344, 354, 356.

And see Mechanically Propelled Vehicles Duty:Road

Traffic Act.

Museum. See National Maritime Museum Act.

N.

National Debt:

National Debt Commissioners and—

county court funds (c. 53, ss. 158 (b)(d) (*), 159, 161-3, 166,

superseding c. 17, s. 21 (l) (6) (2) (4), 22 (2)-(4), sch. 3— see

572-6.

p. 415.

!>•

PI>

325.

pp. 70-4, 86).

looal loans issues for public works (c. 48, 8. 1).

trustee savings banks’ special investments (e. 37).

permanent annual charge:

charge for 1934/5 (c. 32, s. 23). p. 305.

interest on money borrowed under Consolidated Fund and Appropriation Acts (c. 3, s. 3 (5); c. 44, s. 2 (5) ). pp. 16, 365.

sinking fund for 3 per cent. Funding Loan 1959-69 (c. 32, ss. 23 (4),

24). p. 305.

Unemployment Fund advances (c. 29. 8. 18). p. 207.

War Loan Act, 1919, raising money under (c. 32, s. 23 (2) (3) ).

p. 305.

National Economy Act, 1931, Orders in Council under, as to—

statutory salaries (power to revoke; restoration of cuts, &c.)

(c. 24). p. 141.

unemployment insurance (c. 29, ss. 5, 33 (1) (6), 58 (2) (b ), 59, 62,

64, sch. 9). pp. 196, 223, 247-8, 250, 277-8.

National Health Insurance. Benefit and—

outdoor relief in England (maternity benefit) (c. 59, s. 1

outdoor relief in Scotland (c. 52, s. 11 (1) ).

unemployment assistance (c. 29, s. 38 (3) ).

National Maritime Museum Act. Ch. 43.

M )•

p. 663.

p. 497.

p. 228.

p. 357.

§ 1. Establishment of National Maritime Museum and addition of certain

Greenwich Hospital land to Greenwich Park. p. 357.

2. Establishment of Board of Nat. Maritime Museum; duties, p. 358.

3. Vosting in Board of objects given or transferred to Museum, p. 359.

4. Power of other institutions to transfer or lend objects to Museum.

p. 360.

5. Staff, p. 360.

6. Financial provisions, p. 360.

7. Exemption from Charitable Trusts Acts. p. 361.

8. Short title, p. 361.

Schedule 1.—Lands to be vested in the Commissioners of Works and

used for purposes of Museum, p. 361.

Schedule 2.—Constitution and proceedings of Board, p. 362.

Schedule 3.—Deeds relating to certain objects transferred from

trustees therein mentioned to Board, p. 362.

3 E

lxx Index to the Public General Ads 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Navigation Authority. Water-pipes and (c. 15, ss. 1 (4), 3).

pp. 51, 53.

W T ater Supply (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act effect (c. 20,

ss. 1 (2) (4), 10 (1)). pp. 111, 119.

Navy'. See Defence Forces.

naval officer as whale fishery inspector (c. 49, s. 8 (4) (b )). p. 425.

Needs Test:

Poor Law Act provisions (E.) (c. 59). p. 663.

Poor Law (Scotland) Act provisions (c. 52, s. 11 (3) (4)). p. 497.

Unemployment Assistance Act provisions (c. 29, s. 38). p. 227.

Newfoundland. Colonial Stock Act provisions (c. 47). p. 414.

Debts Clearing Offices, &c. Act (import restriction) (c. 31, s. 2).

p. 289.

Temporary administration. See Newfoundland Act.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act extension (c. 49, s. 13 (1) ).

p. 426.

Newfoundland Act. Ch. 2. p. 5.

§ 1. Power to issue Letters Patent for the administration of Newfoundland; provision for revocation and amendment, p. 6.

2. Power of Secretary of State to make advances to Newfoundland.

p. 0.

3. Power of Treasury to guarantee certain Newfoundland securities.

p. 7.

4. Power of Treasury to make temporary advances to Newfoundland.

p. 7.

5. Amendment of Colonial Development Act, 1929. p. 7.

6. Short title, p. 7.

Schedule I.—Address presented to H.M. by Newfoundland Legislative

Council and House of Assembly, p. 8.

Schedule 2 .—Loan Act, 1933 (of Newfoundland Legislature), p. 10.

Newspaper. Prize competitions (c. 58, ss. 26, 28 (1) ). pp. 652-3.

New Zealand. Whaling legislation (extra-territorial effect) (c. 49,

s. 15). p. 427.

And see cross-references under Self-Governing Dominions.

Noise. Motor-horns, &c. (c. 50, 8. 9). p. 440.

North. Atlantic Shipping Act (financing construction of large

vessels for North Atlantic shipping trade; merger of certain shipping

interests in that trade, &c.) Ch. 10. p. 28.

Northern Ireland:

adopted children register entries (workmen’s compensation) (c. 34,

8. 1 (2) ). p. 318.

agricultural marketing schemes (c. 1, s. 6 (1) (a) (d) ). pp. 3, 4.

agriculture," appropriate minister " for (Cattle Fund) (c. 54, 8. 1

(1) ). p. 615.

Architects (Registration) Act (application and power to amend)

(c. 38, s. 3 (2) ). p. 328.

Governor's salary (part restoration) (c. 24, a. 1 (3) ). p. 142.

illicit distillation (c. 32, 8. 15). p. 301.

Incitement to Disaffection Act application (c. 56, s. 4 (3)). p. 625.

milk payments (c. 50, s. 6). p. 480.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acte lxxi

and Measures.

Northern Ireland — continued.

Ministry of Labour for N.I. (c. 29, sch. 3, para. 4). p. 254.

smuggling, prevention of (c. 32, s. 16). p. 301.

Unemployment Assistance Act reciprocity (c. 29, ss. 56, 57 (1) ).

p. 246.

0 .

Oath (see also Affidavit:Witness).

county court juror (c. 53, s. 93 (1) ). p. 545.

witness at arbitrations (c. 14, s. 8, sch. 1). pp. 42, 49.

Oceanic Steam Navigation Co. See North Atlantic Shipping

Act.

Oil. See British Hydrocarbon Oils Production Act:Finance

Act (Part I): Whaling Industry (Regulation).

Old Age Pension. Unemployment assistance as advance (c. 29,

s. 49). p. 239.

Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932. Amended (patent leather) and

saved (c. 32, ss. 6 (2), 10 (1) ). pp. 296, 298.

Overseas Trade Act (extension of period for guarantees under

Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1930). Ch. 12. p. 37.

Oxford. University privileges and jurisdiction saved (c. 53, s. 192

(8)). p. 590.

P.

Palestine Loan Act (Treasury guarantee). Ch. 33. p. 314.

Parliament. Acts. See Act of Parliament: House of Commons.

resolutions for giving effect to, or continuing—

Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions Act orders (c. 31,

s. 4 (1)). " p. 290.

speed limits order (c. 50, 8. 1 (3) ). p. 431.

Unemployment Assistance Act draft regulations (needs) (c. 29,

ss. 38 (3), 52 (2H4) ). pp. 228, 242.

Unemployment Insurance Act anomalies regulations (c. 29, s. 11

(4) ). p. 199.

Unemployment Insurance Acts amendments recommended by

Statutory Committee (c. 29, s. 17 (6) ). p. 207.

Partnership. County court equitable jurisdiction (c. 53, s. 52 (1) (/)).

p. 525.

Levy of execution, &c., against member of firm (c. 53, s. 138).

p. 564.

Patent Leather. Customs duty (c. 32, s. 6). p. 296.

And see Isle of Man (Customs) Act.

lxxii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Pension (see also Superannuation).

county court judge, registrar and persons employed (c. 53, ss. 9,

21, 29, 192 (3), sch. 1). pp. 504, 509, 513, 589, 592.

old age pension and unemployment assistance allowance (c. 29,

s. 49). p. 239.

wounds or disability pension, how far disregarded for—

outdoor relief in England (c. 59, ss. 1, 2 (3) (4)). pp. 603-4.

outdoor relief in Scotland (c. 52, ss. 11 (1) \d) (3) (4), 17 (1) ).

pp. 497-9.

unempk> 3 ment assistance (o. 29, ss. 38 (3) (6), 54 (1) ).

pp. 228, 214.

Perak. See Din-dings Agreement (Approval) Act.

Perjury. See Fraud.

Petroleum (Production) Act. (E.S.) Ch. 36. p. 320.

§ I. Property in petroleum and natural gas in G.B. vested in His Majesty,

p. 320.

2. Licences by Board of Trodo to search for and got petroleum, p. 320.

3. Compulsory acquisition of rights to enter on land, &o.; applications

to Railway and Canal Coramn. p. 321.

4. Power to supply naturul gas under licence, p. 322.

(5. Account of receipts and expenditure under Act. p. 322.

6. Power to make regulations, p. 323.

7. Power to inspect plans of mines, p. 323.

8. Exercise of powers and duties of Board of Trade through Socy. for

Mines, p. 324.

9. Definition of minerals in Mining Industry Act, 1920. p. 324.

10. Savings as to national gas supply and other rights and liabilities.

p. 324.

11. Short title, repeal and extent, p. 324.

Schedule of licences in force under 1918 Act. p. 320.

Police:

constable to assist county court execution warrant or committal

order (c. 53, ss. 116 (4), 140 (2) ). pp. 555, 565.

exjienscs of removing'ahandonod vehicles recoverable for police

fund (c. 50, s. 22 (2) ). ' (p. 451.

metropolitan police constables, short-service (unemployment insurance) (c. 29, ss. 17 (3) (a), 26, sch. 3 Part II). pp. 206, 216, 256.

notice to, under—

Betting and Lotteries Act (c. 58, ss. 6 (2), 8 (2) (a) (i), 9 (2), 16 (1),

20 (1) (3), 31 (3) ). pp. 632, 035, 637, 643, 646-7, 656.

Licensing (Permitted Hours) Act (c. 26, s. 2 (2) (3) ). p. 145.

police vehicles (speed limit and third-party risks) (c. 50, s. 3, sell. 3).

pp. 435, 471.

property seized under Incitement to Disaffection Act (c. 56, ss. 2 (4),

4 (2) (b) ). pp. 623, 625.

Road Traffic Act definition of "police authority, " &c. (c. 50, sch. 3).

p. 473.

track licence application (objection) (c. 58, ss. 6 (4), 20 (1) (3), 31 (4)).

pp. 633, 646-7, 656.

See also Criminal Law:Search Warrant.

Poor Law:

amendment of A#ts by Unemployment Assistance Act (c. 29, ss. 53,

61 (3) (4), sch. 8). pp. 243, 249, 271.

outdoor relief and disregard of sick pay, etc. (E.) (c. 59), (S.) (c. 52,

s. 11). ' pp. 497, 663.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acte lxxiii

and Measures.

Poob Law — continued.

Scotland, general provisions (relief, &c.). See Poor Law (S.)

Act.

settlement, time in approved school excluded (S.) (c. 52, s. 14).

p. 498.

unemployment assistance arrangements (o. 29, ss. 40 (2), 41,

50 (1) (2), 55 (2), 61 (3) (4), schs. 5, 7; para. 6 (c), sch. 8).

pp. 231-2, 240, 245, 249, 262, 270-1.

Poor Law Act:to make the law of poor relief in E. uniform with

that of S. as to disregarding sick pay, maternity benefit and wounds

or disability pennons (E.). C’h. 59. p. 663.

Poor Law (Scotland) Act. Ch. 52. p. 491.

§ 1. Certain temporary enactments uncut poor relief made permanent,

p. 492.

2. Amendments of Poor Law Emergency Provisions (S.) Acts of 1921

and 1927. p. 492.

3. Local authority to relieve all poor persons in their area and to recover

expenses from area of settlement, Ac. p. 493.

4. Statement of grounds of refusal of relief, Au., to be furnished on

application, p. 494.

5. Interim relief directed by sheriff to be outdoor relief, p. 494.

0. Department n>uy award interim reliof on complaint of inadequate

relief, p. 494. .

7. Training of and performance of work by poor persons, p. 49o.

8. Classification of indoor poor. p. 496.

9. Regulations as to work in poorimuses. p. 490.

10. Boarding-out of children, p. 497.

. 11. Outdoor relief to motnlsjrs of frieadly societies, Ac. p. 497.

12. Power of Department to make regulations with respect to certain

matters relating to relief, p. 498.

13. Regulations to be lai<J before Parliament. p^4H8.

14. Rosidenco in approved school under Children and Young Persons

(S.) Act, 1932, to be excluded for purposes of ascertaining settlement. p. 498.

16. Adopted child to be treated for purposes of poor reliof os lawful

child of adopter, p. 498.

10. - Mino r and consequential amendments, p. 499.

17. Interpretation, p. 499.

18. Short title, ronstruction, extent and commencement, p. 499.

Schedule.—Minor and consequential amendments, p. 500.

Post Office. Payment of unemployment allowances (c. 29, s. 42

(1) )■ ‘ p. 233.

unemployment insurance stamps (c. 29, s. 29, gch. 5). pp. 217, 260.

Prisoners. Evidence in Agricultural Holdings' Act arbitration

(c. 14, s. 18). p. 47.

ovidence in county court action (c. 53, s. 83). p. 540.

prisons (as ordered by Secretary of State) for county court committals:expense of conveyance (c. 53, ss. 140 (1) (3), 141, 174).

pp. 565. 579.

Privy Council, Committee for Scientific and Industrial Research

(e. 6, e. 3). p. 20.

county court jurisdiction excluding local court (petition, caveat, &c.):

Judicial Committee's report (c. 53, s. 187).* p. 585.

Prize Court. No county court jurisdiction (e. 53, s. 66 (5) ). p. 529.

Probate. »S'e« Administration of Estates:

(Part II).

3 F

County Courts Act

lxxiv Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Procurator Fiscal. Search warrant (disaffection) (c. 56, ss. 2 (2),

4 (2) (a) ). pp. 623-4.

Prohibition, Whit of. To county court (c. 53, 6s. 112-3, 115).

pp. 553-4.

where writ not lodged and notified (costs under County Court

Rules) (c. 53, s. 99 (3) (d ), sch. 3). pp. 548, 604.

Proof. See Evidence.

Protection of Animals Act:to provide further protection to

certain animals (public contests, throwing horse or bull, &c.) (E.S.).

Ch. 21. " p. 125.

Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act:to

enable courts in Scotland to disqualify for keeping dogs persons

convicted of cruelty to them. (S.) Ch. 25. p. 142.

Public Loan. See Newfoundland Act:Palestine Loan Act.

Public Prosecutions. See Criminal Law.

Public Service Vehicles. See Road Traffic Act (Part IV).

Public Trustee. See Trusts.

Public Undertakings. Sec Assessor of Public Undertakings

(S.) Act.

Public Works Loans Act (grants from Local Loans Fund; writing

off certain debts). Ch. 48. p. 415.

Punishment. See Criminal Law:Prisoners.

Q.

Quarter .Sessions, England. Gas examiners (appointment and

reports) (c. 28, 6s. 13 (2)-(4) (6) (5), sch. 2 Part III), pp. 161, 185.

Track licence powers and revocation appeals (c. 58, ss. 5 (1),

16 (2) (3), 20 (1) (2) ). pp. 631, 644, 648-7.

R.

Racecourses. Betting and Control Board. See Betting and

Lotteries Act (Part I).

Railway. Water-pipes at level crossing. &c. (c. 15, s. 1 (4)). p. 51.

And see Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland) Act:

Railway and Canal Commission.

Railway and Canal Commission. Minerals, working facilities for

scheduled (c. 27). p. 146.

Petroleum (Production) Act powers (c. 36, s. 3 (2)). p. 321.

Registrar-General. See Births, Deaths and Marriages,

Registration of Brains, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland)

(Amdt.) Act.

A.D. 1033-31. Index to the Public General Acts Lxxv

and Measures.

REGISTRATION OF BlRTHS, DEATHS AND MaHKIAGES (SCOTLAND)

(Amendment) Act (amendment of Acts as to matters to be inserted

in register of corrected entries; re-registration of births in certain

cases; issue of abbreviated certificates of birth; repeal in part of

s. 28 of the 1854 Act (transmission of entry of birth to registrar of

parents’ parish); &c.). (S.) Ch. 19 (prospective). p. 107.

Bent. Sec Landlord and Tenant.

Replevin. See County Courts Act (Part IV).

Reserve Bank of India. Income tax exemption for Issue Department profits (c. 32, 8. 22). p. 305.

Reserve Forc es. See Am Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers).

See also Defence Forces.

Rivers Pollution Act, 1878. Appeals (c. 40, s. 2 (1), sch.).

pp. 332-3.

Road Fund. Consolidated Fund payments into (c. 32, a. 26). p. 307.

licence fees (heavy goods vehicle drivers) paid into (e. 50, s. 31 (3)).

p. 457.

Road Traffic Act compensation to officers (c. 50, s. 38 (3)). j>. 482.

traffic sign expenses (o. 50, sch. 3). p. 472.

Road Traffic Act (amendment of 1930 Act and of s. 34 of Road and

Rail Traffic Act, 1933, &c.) (E. S.) Ch. 50. p. 430.

Part I. —Rkuci-ation or Motor Veuicuns.

§ I. General speed limit of 30 miliar per hour in huilt up areas, p. 430.

2. Amendments of s. 10 and sell. I of 1930 Act (rate of speed), p. 433.

3. Exemption of tiro engines. Ac., from-speed limits, p. 435.

4. Penalty for reckless or dangerous driving, p. 435.

5. Exceeding speed limits and careless driving (endorsement of licence

und disqualification), p. 435.

0. Teats of competence to drivo of now applicants for licences and of

offenders ordered to be tester!, p. 430.

7. Amendment of s. 19 (3) of 1930 Act (hours of drivers), p. 439.

8. Prohibition of sale of vehicles in. or alteration thereof to, a condition

not complying with regulations as to construction. At; , p. 440.

9. Extension of power to regulate use of appliances for signalling

approach by sound, p. 440.

Part 11.— Amendments ak to Provision against

Third-Party Risks.

10. Duty of insurers to satisfy judgments against persons insured for

third-party risks, p. 440.

11. Bankruptcy, Ac., of insured persons not (o affect certain claims

by third parties, p. 443.

12. Avoidance of restrictions on scope of policies covering third-party

risks, p. 443.

13. Duty of persona against whom claims are made to give information

us to insurance, p. 444.

14. Duty to surrender certificate on cancellation of policy, p. 444.

15. Application of this Part to securities given under Part II of the

principal Act. p. 445.

10. Payments anil insurance in respect of emergency treatment of

injuries arising from ubo of motor vehicles on roads, p. 445.

17. Claims for, ami supplementary provisions as to, payments for

emergency treatment, p. 448.

3 F 2

lxxvi Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Road Tbaffic Act— continued.

Fast HI. —Amendment or Law relating to

Highways.

§ 18. Foot-passenger crossings, p. 447.

19. Reflectors on bicycles, Ac. p. 449.

20. Restrictions on carriage of persons on bicycles, p. 450.

21. Regulations as to brakes on pedal cycles, p. 450.

22. Regulations as to removal from roads of vehicles abandoned, Ac.

p. 450.

23. Power of county councils to light roads, p. 451.

Part IV.— Puulic Service Vehicles and Licences

or Drivers or Heavy Goons Vehicles.

Public Service Vehicles.

24. Classification of public service vehicles, p. 452.

25. Amendment as to use on special occasions for conveyance of private

parties, p. 452.

20. Arrangements between members of societies for carriage in motor

vehicles, p. 455.

27. Amendment as to public sittings of traffic commissioners, p. 455.

28. Road service licences for corridor areas, p. 455.

29. Interpretation and amendment of certain provisions as to charges

for use of parking places, p. 456.

30. Lost property, p. 450.

Drivers' Licences (Heavy Goods Vehicles).

31. Licences of drivers of heavy goods vehicles, p. 456.

32. Transitional provisions os to certain drivers’ licences, p. 459.

Part V. —Legal Proceedings and General.

33. Provisions as to certain legal proceedings, p. 469.

34. Power to convict for reckless or dangerous driving on trial for

manslaughter, p. 461.

35. Power to proceed on charge for careless driving on hearing of charge

for reckless or dangerous driving, p. 461.

36. Light signals (presumption of complianco with statutory requirements). p. 461.

37. Inclusion in indictment in Scotland of certain summary offences.

p. 462.

33. Amendment of s. 116 of 1930 Act (compensation of officers), p. 462.

39. Amendments as to licences of drivers and conductors of hackney

carriages, and of certain stage carriages, in the Metropolis, p. 463.

40. Consequential and minor amendments, p. 463.

41. Application to Scotland, p. 463.

42. Short title, citation, construction, commencement and extent, p. 466.

Schedules :—

1. —Limits of speed, p. 406.

2. —Amendments of section 116 of, and the Fourth Schedule to, 1930

Act. p. 469.

3. —Consequential and minor amendments, p. 470.

Rule Committee (county courts) (c. 53, s. 99). p. 547.

Rules Publication Act, 1893. See, Statutory Rules.

Rural Water Supplies Act (power of Minister of Health, and Department of Health for Scotland, to contribute to local authorities ’

expenses). (E. S.) Ch. 7. p. 22.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Arts lxxvii

and Measures.

s.

Safeguarding of Industries Act. 1021. Arc-lamp carbons duty

increased, insulin duty repealed (c. 32, s^. 4, 6). p. 295.

Savings Banks. See Trustee Savings Banks (Spec ial Investments).

Scientific and Industrial Research, Department of. Petroleum

boring (c. 36, s. 9). p. 321

Scotland:

departmental powers. See Agriculture, Department of, for S.;

Fishery Board for S.; Health, Department of, for S.;

Secretary' of State.

Eyemouth Harbour loan remission (c. 4S, ss. 2, 3, sch.). pp. 416-7.

motoring offences, inclusion of in indictment (c. 50, s. 37). p. 462.

pure milk supply (c. 51, s. 9 (1)). p. 485.

Secretary of State and—

appointment of Assessor of Public Undertakings (e. 22, s. 1).

p. 126.

Cattle Fund (appropriate Minister) (c. 54). p. 615.

cheese-milk price (c. 51, s. 4 (2) (3)). p. 478.

Unemployment Assistance Fund (c. 29, ss. 45, 55 (1) ).

pp. 234, 245.

whaling industry regulations (c. 49, s. 18 (2)). p. 429.

sugar or molasses subsidy payments (c. 39, ss. 3, 5 (2)). pp. 329, 330.

water supply. See Rural Water Supplies Act; Water Supplies

(Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act.

See also Illegal Trawling (S.) Act: Land Settlement (S.)

Act; Poor Law (S.) Act; Protection of Animals (Cruelty

to Dogs) (S.) Act; Registration of Births, Deaths, &c.

(S.) (Amendment) Act.

Search Warrant. Under—

Betting and Lotteries Act (c. 58, ss. 27, 31 (8) ). pp. 653, 657.

Incitement to Disaffection Act (c. 56, ss. 2 (2), 4 (2) (a) (c) ).

pp. 623-5.

Secrecy. See Finance Act (s. 11, import duties).

Secretary for Mines. See Petroleum (Production) Act (s. 8).

Secretary of State:

Air Council. See Air Force Reserve (Pilots and Observers):

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act.

Colonial Office. Palestine loan (c. 33, s. 2). p. 315.

sugar quota certificates (c. 32, s. 1 (2)). p. 293.

Dominions Office. .See Newfoundland and cross-references under

Self-Govern ing Dominions .

Home Office. Unemployment insurance (metropolitan police)

(c. 29, a. 26 (3) ). p. 216

Unemployment Assistance Act powers (e. 29, ss. 45 (2) (3), 51 (1) ).

pp. 235, 241.

And see Betting and Lotteries Act:Criminal Law:Police:

Prisoners:Shops Act:Workmen's Compensation, &c.

lxxviii Index to the Public General Arts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Secretary of State— continued.

India Office. See Indian Pay (Temporary Abatements) Act.

President of Bonn I of Trade, Secretary of State acting for (c. 31,

s. 2 (4)). p. 289.

Scottish Office. See Scotland.

War Office. See Army and Am Force (Annual) Act.

Self-Governing Dominions. See Colonial Stock Act:Nfavfound-

laxd:Whaling Industry (Regulation) (s. 15 of Act).

Session, Court of, Scotland:

Betting Act licence appeal rules (c. 58, s. 31 (5) ). p. G57.

Unemployment Assistance Act apjieals from Department of Health

(c. 29, 88. 30 (3). 55 (1)). pp. 220, 245.

Unemployment Insurance Act and provision of instruction (c. 29,

as. 13‘(2), 32 (0)). pp. 202, 221.

Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act orders (c. 20,

as. 7 (5) (6), 9, 11 (4)). pp. 116-7, 118, 120.

Settled Land Act. See Land.

Sheriff, England. No replevin powers (e. 53, s. 101 (1) ). p. 549.

And . fee, generally, County Courts Act (Part VI, execution, & c .)

Sheriff Court, Scotland:

appeals (cruelty to dogs) (c. 25, s. 1 (2) ). p. 143.

appeals, &c. (Shops Act) (e. 42, as. 10 (6), II, 17 (<») ).

pp. 349, 350, 355.

heavy goods vehicle driver (licence) (c. 50, s. 31 (8), 41 (9) ).

pp. 458, 405.

Poor Relief (S.) Act (sheriff’s direction) (c. 52, s. 5). p. 494.

search warrant granted by sheriff’. See Search Warrant.

tests of driving competence (c. 50, ss. 6 (5) (6), 41 (3) ). pp. 438, 404.

track licence revocation appeal (c. 58, ss. 10 (2) (3), 20 (1) (2), 31

(5) (6) ), pp. 044, 646-7, 057

Ships. See Admiralty (county court jurisdiction): Army and

Air Forc'f. (Annual) Act:Finance Act (s. 9): Illegal

Trawling (S.) Act: Merchant Shipping: North Atlantic

Shipping Act: Whaling Industry (Regulation).

Shops Act. (E. S.) Ch. 42. p. 339.

Employment of Fentons uniter die age of Eighteen Years.

§ 1. Hours of employment, p. 339.

2. Power to regulate employment in spells, p. 340.

3. Restriction ou night employment, p. 341.

4. Extension of foregoing provisions to retail trailing elsewhere tlwn

in shops, p. 341.

5. Special provisions fur catering trade. p. 342.

II. Special provisions for sale of accessories for aircraft, motor vehicles

anil cycles, p. 344.

7. Records, p. 345.

8. Special pft)vision a* to theatres, p. 347.

9. Weekly half-holidays and intervals for meals, p. 347.

Arrangements for Health and Comfort of Shop Worbers.

10. Sanitary, Ac., arrangements in shops, p. 348.

11. Apportionment of expenses, p. 350.

12. Amendment of s. 3 (seats for females) of Shops Art, 1012. p. 350.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acts lxxix

and Measures.

Shops Act— continued.

Supplementary .

13. Enforcement, p. 381.

14. Birth certificates (certified copies), p. 352.

15. Interpretation and saving, p. 352.

16. Temporary modifications of limitations imposed by Act on working

hoars, p. 354.

17. Application to Scotland, p. 355.

18. Short title, citation, extent and repeal, p. 356.

Schedule.—T emporary modification of references to working hours,

p. 356.

Sick Pay. Disregard of, for poor relief. See Poor Law.

Sinking Funds. Newfoundland securities (c. 2, s. 3 (1) and see

sch. 2). p. 7.

obligation modified tinder Water Supply (Exceptional Shortage

Orders) Act (c. 20, a. 8). p. 117.

And see Colonial Stock Act.

Smuggling. See Finance Act (Part I).

Solicitor, England:

arbitration costs. See Arbitration Act (s. 17).

bodies corporate actbtg as. See Solicitors Act.

Coimty Courts Act (c. 53) provisions:

judge not to practise as sobcitor (s. 6 (b) ). p. 503.

lien for costs (set-off) (s. 97 (2)). p. 540.

officers not to practise in court (s. 30). p. 513.

registrar's qualification (as sobcitor) (ss. 18. 27, 191 (t') ).

pp. 508, 512, 588.

right of audience (ss. 86, 185, 191 (v) ). pp. 541, 584, 588.

roll, undertakings, remuneration, &c. (ss. 181-5, superseding

c. 17, ss. 24-5— see p. 75). pp. 583-4.

whole-time registrar required not to practise (s. 17). p. 508.

Solicitor, Scotland. Body corporate (c. 45, ss. 1 (2) (3), 2 (1) ).

p. 408.

Solicitors Act:to prohibit bodies corporate from purporting to act.as

solicitors. (E. S.) Ch. 45. p. 408.

Special Orders. C«as Undertakings Act (c. 28, ss. 9 (4) (7), 15).

pp. 158-9, 164.

Speed Limit. See Road Traffic Act (Part I).

Spirits Duty. See Finance Act (Part I).

Stamp Duties:

agreement not to appeal from county court, no stamp on (c. 53,

s. 107 (2) ). p. 552.

loan capital issues (c. 32, s. 29). p. 308.

North Atlantic Shipping Act exemption (c. 10, s. 2). p. 29.

unemployment assistance allowance receipts (c. 29, s. 50 (4) ).

. p. 240.

Stamps. Unemployment Insurance Act offences (c. 29, s. 23).

p. 213.

Unemployment Insurance Act payment refund (c. 29, s. 29, sch. 5).

pp. 217, 259.

lxxx Index to the. Public General Acte 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Stationeby Office. Re-printing of Acts as amended. See Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act.

Statutory Committek. See Unemployment Act (ss. 17, 19, 20).

Statutory Rules and Orders. Exclusion of s. 1 (prior notice)

of Rules Publication Act, 1893, as to—

Cattle Industry, &c. Act orders (c. 54, s. 5 (2) ). p. 619.

Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions Act orders (c. 31,

s. 4 (2)). p. 290.

Statutory Salaries (Restoration) Act (power to revoke the

National Economy (Statutory Salaries) Order, 1931, and meanwhile

to halve the abatement.) Ch. 24. p. 141.

Straits Settlements. See Bindings Agreement (Approval) Act.

Streets. Breaking up for laving gas-pipes and water-pipes (c. 15,

s. 1 (4); c. 28, s. 17 (4) ). pp. 51, 166.

speed limit in built-up areas, lighting, &c. See Road Traffic

Act (Part I).

Sugar:

Customs duty on colonial. See Finance. Act (Part I).

subsidy period and rates. See British Sugar (Subsidy) Act.

Summary Jurisdiction (see also Criminal Law):

reckless driving or careless driving (c. 50, ss. 35, 41 (10) ).

pp. 401, 465.

tests of driving competence (c. 50, ss. 6 (6) ), 41 (3) ). pp. 438, 464.

Sunday. No track betting (o. 58, ss. 1 (1) (b), 10 (2) ). pp. 628, 639.

Superannuation (see also Civil Service:Pension):

Assessor of Public Undertakings (S.) and staff (c. 22, ss. 2-4).

p. 127.

county court judge, registrar and staff (c. 53, ss. 7 (2), 9, 21, 29,

191 (o) (w) ). pp. 503-4, 509, 513, 588.

Gas Undertakings Acts officers (c. 28, s. 28 (1) ). p. 173.

Unemployment Assistance Act officials (c. 29, ss. 46 (3), 47 (c) ).

pp. 237-8.

Unemployment Assistance Board employees (formerly with local

authorities) (c. 29, s. 51). p. 241.

Supply - of Water nr Bulk Act (power for statutory water undertakers to give and take supplies in bulk). (E.) Ch. 15. p. 50.

Supreme Court, England:

Accountant-General, duties, &c., of, under—

County Courts Act (c. 53, ss. 158 (6) (t) (/), 159, 161-3, 166).

pp. 572-6.

Workmen's Compensation (Coal Mines) Act (c. 23, as. 1 (4),

2 (1), 4). pp. 129, 134.

Arbitration Act provisions. See Arbitration Act.

costs where case fit for county court (c. 53, ss. 47, 59, 73).

pp. 521, 531, 536.

county court registrar as district registrar of High Court (c. 53,

ss. 17, 29 (4), sch. 1 Part II). pp. 508, 513, 592.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acte

lxxxi

and Measures.

Supreme Court, England — continued.

County Courts Act (c. 53) provisions:

admiralty proceedings appeals (s. 100).

p. 551.

appeals to Court of Appeal generally (ss. 105, 109).

pp. 551, 553.

certiorari, prohibition and mandamus (ss. 111-5, 130).

pp. 553, 563.

execution transferred (admiralty) (s. 1?7).

p. 563.

execution, transfer to county court (s. 138).

p. 504.

execution, priority of (s. 131).

p. 559.

judgments removed for execution (s. 136).

p. 563.

money recovered by infant, <&e., transferred from

High Court

(s. 164).

p. 575.

probate proceedings powers (as. 60 (2), 61).

p. 532.

replevin action (ss. 102 (1) (3). 103).

pp. 549, 550.

rule-making powers (s. 192 (6) ).

p. 590.

set-off of High Court and county court cross-judgments (s. 97).

p. 546.

transfer of actions from High Court—

actions of contract or tort (s. 45).

p. 519.

by agreement (ss. 43, 65).

pp. 519, 534.

admiralty proceedings (s. 58).

p. 530.

Crown proceedings (s. 75 (2) ).

p. 537.

equity proceedings (s. 54).

p. 526.

interpleader proceedings (s. 66).

p. 534.

land, recovery of (s. 50).

p. 524.

probate proceedings (s. 61).

p. 532.

transfer procedure (s. 74).

p. 536.

where plaintiff impecunious (s. 46).

p. 520.

transfer of actions to High Court—

admiralty proceedings (s. 57).

p. 529.

Crown proceedings (s. 75 (2) ).

p. 537.

land, recovery of (s. 49).

p. 523.

replevin action, at defendant's instance (s. 103).

p. 550.

where counterclaim, &c., outside jurisdiction (ss. 63-4).

pp. 533-4.

where important point of law (s. 44).

p. 519.

witness examined abroad (s. 82).

p. 539.

Court of Appeal:

county court appeals 4) (c. 40, s. 2 (1); c. 53, ss.

105-6, sch. 4

Part III para. 9). pp.

332, 551, 611.

restricted appeal from, to House of lords (c. 40, s. 1;

0.53, 8.110).

pp. 332, 553.

Divisional Court, county court appeals not to go to (c. 40, s. 2 (1)

sch.).

pp. 332-3.

Incitement to Disaffection Act search warrant (c. 56

s. 2 (2) ).

p. 023.

special case, statement of, by arbitrator, &c.—

generally (c. 14, s. 9).

p. 42.

under Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act (c. 20,

s. 7 (5) (6) ).

p. 116.

Unemployment Assistance Act appeals from Minister of Health

(c. 29, s. 36 (3) ).

p. 226.

Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act (vires, tcv.)

(c. 20, ss. 7, 9).

pp. 116, 118.

lxxxii Index to the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Suk-tax. See Finance Act (h. 20).

Sweepstakes. See Betting and Lotteries Act (Part II).

T.

Taxation. See Customs:Death Duties: Finance Act:Income

Tax:Isi.k ok Man (Customs) Act:Land (land value tax re-

ln-aled): Mechanically Propelled Vehicles Duty: Stamp

Duties.

Theatres. Shops Act and employment in (c. 42, ss. 8, 15 (1)).

pp. 347, 353.

Third Party Risks. See Road Traffic Act (Part II).

Tithe Act, 1891. Appeals under s. 7 (c. 40, s. 2 (1), sch.). pp. 332-3.

Totausator. See Betting and Lotteries Act.

Town and Country Planning. Race tracks and amenities (c. 58,

ss. 0 (2) (4), 7 (1), 20 (1), 31 (2) (3) ). pp. 632-4, 646, 655-6.

Trade, Board ok:

art union lottery (c. 58, 8. 25). p. 652.

British hydrocarbon oils production (information) (c. 4, a. 2). p. 17.

county court administration orders (rules) (c. 53. s. 157 (l)). p. 571.

Debts Clearing UlTices and Import Restrictions Act. (c. 31, ss. 2. 3, 5).

pp. 289, 290.

Dyestuffs (Import Regulation) Act (c. 6, ss. 3, 4). pp. 20-1.

Finance Act (e. 32. s. 9 (2)). p. 298.

gas undertakings. See Gas Undertakings Act.

Illegal Trawling (Scotland) Act (c. 18, s. 1 (6)). p. 104.

import duties. See Finance Act (Part I).

import restrictions (order against foreign countries) (c. 31, s. 2). p. 289.

Mines Department powers under Petroleum (Production) Act

(c. 30, s. 8). p. 324.

Mines (Working Facilities) Act (e. 27, s. 1 (I)). p. 146.

Mining Industry (Welfare Fund) Act*(c. 9, ss. 2, 3). pp. 25-6.

mutual indemnity association (workmen’s compensation) (c. 23,

s. 6(1)). p. 135.

North Atlantic Shipping Act (c. 10, ss. 1 (1), 3 (1)). pp. 28, 30.

Overseas Trade Acts guarantees (c. 12). p. 37.

petroleum production licences, &c. See Petroleum (Production)

Act.

ship-building materials arid import duties (c. 32, s. 9 (2)). p. 298.

Secretary of State acting for President—

art union lotteries (c. 58, s. 25 (2) ). p. 652.

import restrictions (c. 31, s. 2 (4) ). p. 289.

whaling industry licences (c. 49, s. 7, 8 (2) (4) (a). 14, 16-8).

pp. 423-5, 427-9.

See also Bankruptcy.

Trade Dispute. Poor relief in S. to dependents (c. 52. a. 2 (2)). p. 492.

unemployment assistance (c. 29, s. 36 (1) (3)). p. 225.

See also Industrial Court.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Arts lxxxiii

and Measures.

Trade Union - . Outdoor relief to member (E.) (e. 59, s. 1 (a) ), (S.)

(o. 52, s. 11 (1) (a)). pp. 497, 663.

Transport, Minister ok. Sec Road Fond; Road Traffic Act.

Treasury:

Appropriation Act (c. 44)., p. 354.

British Hydrocarbon Oils Production Act (c. 4, s. 3 (2)). p. 17.

British Sugar (Subsidy) Act (c. 39, sell.). p. 330.

Cattle Fund (c. 54, ss. 1, 2 (2). 4 (2)-(4), 5 (3) ). pp. 615-9.

Colonial Stock Act (Dominion stocks) (c. 47). p. 414.

Consolidated Fund Act and charges. See Consolidated Fund.

Cotton Manufacturing Industry, &c. Act board fees, &e. (c. 30, s. 6).

p. 283.

County Courts Act matters (c. 53):

buildings (s. 34). p. 515.

fees, money in hands of officers, &o. (ss. 107. (1), 170 (2), 171-3,

191 (o ))'. pp. 577-9, 588.

funds (ss. 158, 161). pp. 571, 574.

judge’s pay and pension, deputy’s and registrar’s pay. See. (sS. 8 (2)

(?) (3) 9, 14, 17, 19, 20, 21 (4), 24, 25 (I), 28-9). '

pp. 504-5, 500. 508-13.

judgments register (inspection fees) (s. 98 (4) (5)). p. 547.

local court’s jurisdiction, compensation on exclusion of (s. 187 (5)).

p. 586.

Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions Act (e. 31). p. 286.

Finance Act matters. See Finance Act.

Gas Undertakings Act (officials’ pay, &c.) (c. 28, ss. 12 (3), 28(1)).

pp. 161, 173.

guarantee of conversion loans (c. 32, s. 25). p. 300.

land value tax repealed (c. 32, s. 27). p. 307.

Milk Act (c. 51, ss. 6, 7 (1), 8 (3), 9 (1) (3), 11 (2), 13 (1)).

pp. 480-1, 484-6, 488, 491.

national debt arrangements. See National Debt.

National Maritime Museum (c. 43, ss. 2 (3), 4, 5, C (2). sob. 2).

pp. 358, 360 2.

Newfoundland Act (o. 2, ss. 2-4). pp. 6, 7.

North Atlantic Shipping Act (new Cunarder) (c. 10, ss. 1, 3).

• pp. 28, 30,

Overseas Trade Acts guarantees (e. 12). p. 37.

Palestine Loan Act (guarantee) (c. 33). p. 314.

Petroleum (Production) Act (c. 36. ss. 2 (2), 5). pp. 320, 322.

Public Works Loans Act (c. 48). p. 415.

Road Traffic Act licence fees (c. 50, s. 31 (3)). p. 457.

Rural Water Supplies Act (e. 7. s. 1 (1)). p. 22.

Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act (c. 37, s. 1 (I) ).

p. 325.

Unemployment Act (transitional payments, prevention of anomalies)

(c. 29, ss. 60, 63). pp. 249.250.

Unemployment Assistance Act (c. 29, ss. 35 (3). 37. 44. 45 (2) (ii) (0),

46-7, 51). ' pp. 224, 227, 234 6.233, 241.

Unemployment Fund (advances) (c. 29, s. 18). p. 207.

Unemployment Insurance Act (c. 29. ss. 1 (3), 2 (1). 13 (I) (3)-(f>),

15. 18, 25 (2), 26 (2) (3), *27, schs. 3, 5. 6. 7).

pp. 192, 202-4, 207, 215-7, 254. 259, 264-6, 269, 270.

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act (c. 49, s. 8 (2)). p. 424.

lxxxiv Index in the Public General Acts 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Tbkasoby Biliks. Appropriation Act powers (<•. 44. s. 2). p. 304.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act powers (c. 3. s. 3). p. 15.

Trustee Savinas Banks (Special Investments) Act. Ch. 37. p. 325.

Trusts:

county court jurisdiction—

under Trustee Act (c. 53, s. 52 (1) (b) (3), sch. 2, superseding c. 17.

s. 7 (2) (3), sch. 2— see pp. 01, 83). pp. 525, 593.

under Workmen’s Com [>ensiition (Coal Mines) Act (c. 23, s. 5 (2) ).

p. 135.

compensation trusts (workmen’s compensation, coal mines) (c. 23.

s. 5. sch.). pp. 134, 137.

museum or other institution authorised to lend or transfer objects

to National Maritime Museum (c. 43, s. 4). p. 300.

payments into county court (funds rules) (c. 53, s. 165). p. 570.

trustee securities, trustee savings banks’ investment in (e. 37). p. 325.

Public Trustee and money recovered by infant or insane person

(c. 53, s. 164 (4) ). p. 576.

u.

Unemployment Act (amendment of Unemployment Insurance Acts,

1920 to 1933; further provision for training and assistance of

persons who are capable of, and available for, work but have no

work or onlvpart-time or intermittent work, &c.). (E. S.) Ch. 29.

p. 191.

Part I. —Amendment or Unemployment Insurance

Acts.

Insured Persons.

§ 1. Age for entry into insurance, and contributions, for persons under

lt>. p. 101.

2. Power to enlarge or restrict excepted employments, p. 192.

Benefit.

3. Right to, and durution of, benefit, p. 193.

4. Definition of benefit year. p. 19;".

5. Rates of benefit, p. 106.

6. Amendments as to disqualifications for benefit and as to third

statutory condition, p. 196.

7. Amendments as to fifth statutory condition, p. 190.

8. Period of disallowance of benefit in certain cases, p. 107.

9. Definition of dependent child, p. 197.

10. Amendments as to increase of lionefit in respect of dependants.

p. 108.

11. Amendments as to anomalies regulations, p. 199.

Determination of Claims and Questions.

12. Determination of claims and questions, p. 200.

Instruction and Training.

13. Authorised courses and other courses of instruction and training;

payments to persons attending, p. 202.

14. Power to require attendance of persons under 18 at authorised

courses, p. 203.

15. Power to make grunts out of Unemployment Fund towards expenses

of ottendonce. p. 204.

16. Power to require notification by employers when persons under

18 leave their employment, p. 205.

A.D. 1933-34. Index to the Public General Acte lxxxv

and Measures.

Unemployment Act— continued .

Part I.—Amendment or Unemployment Insurance Acts — could.

Financial Provisions.

§ 1'7. Establishment of U.I. Statutory Committeo; duties of Committee

os to Unemployment Fund. p. 205.

18. Treasury advances to Unemployment Fund. p. 207.

Miscellaneous and General.

19. Duties of U.I. Statutory Committeo as respects regulations, orders

and advice, p. 210.

20. Duty of U.I. Statutory Committeo as to insurance of parsons employed in agriculture, p. 211.

21. Amendments os to arrangements with associations of employed

persons, p. 212.

22. Amendments as to schemes, p. 212.

23. Amendments as to offences, p. 213.

24. Amendment as to summary recovery of sums due to Unemployment

Fund. p. 214.

25. Amendment of s. 41 of 1920 Act; application of Acts to officers

of reserve forces, p. 215.

2(1. Extension of 1920 Act to short service constables of metropolitan

police force, p. 21(1.

27. Power of Minister to assist schemes for promoting greater regularity

of employment, p. 217.

28. Continuation of 1930 Act. p. 217.

29. Minor amendments, p. 217.

30. Payments out of moneys provided by Parliament, p. 218.

Supplementary.

31. Interpretation of Part I and construction of references, p. 218.

32. Application of Part I to Scotland, p. 221.

33. Supplemental provisions consequent on date of commencement of

Part I. p. 223.

34. Commencement, construction, extent and citation of Part I. p. 223.

Part II.— Unemiu-oyment Assistance.

onstitution and Functions of Unemployment Assistance

Board.

35. Unemployment Assistance Board and advisory committees, p. 224.

36. Application of Part II of Act. p. 225.

37. Provision and maintenance of training courses, p. 227.

Allowances and Training.

38. Persons to whom, and circumstances in which, allowances may be

granted, p. 227.

39. Determination of applications for allowances and questions relating

thereto, p. 229.

40. Method of dealing with cases of special difficulty, p. 231.

41. Suspension from application of this Part of this Act. p. 232.

42. Issue of allowances, p. 233.

43. Power to permit training to persons over 18 who are not in need.

p. 233.

Financial.

44. Unemployment Assistance Fund. p. 234.

45. Contributions of local authorities to Unemployment Assistance

Fund. p. 234.

46. Pavment of expenses out of Unemployment Assistance Fund.

p. 236.

47. Expenditure out of moneys provided by Parliament, p. 238.

lxxxvi Index to the Public General Ads 24 &■ 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Unemployment Act— coniintied .

Past U.—Unemployment Assistance— contd .

Miscellaneous and General.

§ 4S. Penalty for fraudulently obtaining allowance and recovery of overpayments. p. 1’38.

4. Allowances j>aid to persons entitled to old ago pensions. p. 239.

80. Miscellaneous. p.

51. Superannuation rights of officers of local authorities entering service

of Unemployment Assistance Board, p. 2-11.

52 . Rules and regulations, p. 242.

53. Modification of enactments and saving, p. 243,

Supplementary.

54. Interpretation of Part fl nod construction of references, p. 243.

55. Application of Part II to Scotland, p. 245.

56. Power to make reciprocal arrangements relating to Northern Ireland.

p. 246.

57. Extent and citation of Part II. p. 246.

PaKT III.-Sl.l'i-LEMENTAKV.

Transitory Provisions.

58. Transitory provisions aa to benefit, p. 246.

59. Temporary continuation of transitional payments, p. 218.

66. Prevention of anomalies during transitory period, p. 249.

61. Trmisitory provisions as to allowances, p. 249.

62. Transitory provisions as to moneys provided by Parliament, p. 250.

Supplementary.

63. Definition of appointed day. p. 250.

64. Short title and repeals, p. 250.

Schedule 1.—Crediting of contributions for persona continuing education. p. 251.

Part I.—Making of regulations, p. 251.

Part II.—Reckoning of credited contributions, p. 252.

Schedule 2.—Weekly rates of unemployment benefit, p. 253.

Schedule 3.—Unemployment Insurance Statutory Committee, p. 254.

Part I.—Constitution anil proceedings, p. 254.

Part. II.-—Provisions of Unemployment Insurance Acts of which

amendments may lie recommeniled by Committee, p. 255.

Schedule 4.—Publication of draft regulations and objections thereto,

p. 257.

Schedule 5.—Minor amendments, p. 257.

Schedule 6.—Constitution and proceedings of Unemployment Assistance

Board, p. 209.

Schedule 7.—Constitution and proceedings of Appeal Tribunals, p. 270.

Schedule 8.—Modification of enactments relating to the relief of the

poor. p. 271.

Part I.—Provisions applying to England, p. 271.

Part II. —Provisions applying to Scotland, p. 273.

Schedule 9.—Repeals, p. 275.

Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934 ’(Part II of Unemployment.

Act, q.v.) (c. 29, s. 57 (2) ). p. 240.

V

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1934 (Part I of Unemployment

Act, q.v.) (c. 29, a. 34 (3) ). p. 224.

Universities. Rights saved (County Courts Act) (c. 53, 8. 192 (8) ).

. ' P- 5 W-

A.D. 1933-34. Index lo the Public General Jets lxxxvii

and Measures.

V.

Valuation, Scotland. Sec Assessor of Public Undertakings

(S.) Act.

Vehicles. See Mechanically Propelled Vehicles Duty: Road

Traffic Act.

w.

Wages. See Cotton Manufacturing Industry: Infant: Merchant Shipping.

War Loan Act, 1919. Extended to raising money for—

National Debt permanent annual charge (c. 32, s. 23 (2) (3) ).

p. 305.

North Atlantic Shippinga Act advance* (c. 10, s. 1 (2) ). p. 29.

Water Supply. See Rural Water Supplies Act: Supply of

Water in Bulk Act:Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage

Orders) Act.

Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act (power for

Minister of Health, Secretary of State and Department of Health

for S. to make orders and give directions for meeting deficiencies

in water supplies due to exceptional shortage of rain. &c.). (E. S.)

Ch. 20. p. 109,

§ 1. Power to make orders; duration, variation and revocation ctf orders.

p. 109.

2. Power to authorise execution of works, and ontry on, and use of,

land. p. 112.

3. Power to authorise taking of water for indotinile period and purchase

of land. p. 112.

4. Power to uuthnriae raising of money, p. 114.

5. Penalties, p. 114.

H. Compensation, p. i 15.

7. Making and determinat ion of claims for compensation, p. 110.

8. Power to give directions us to sinking funds and borrowing to bring

reservoirs into immediate use. p. 117.

9. Validity of orders, p. 118.

10. Interpretation, p. 118.

11. Application to Scotland, p. 120.

12. Short title, duration and extent, p. 122.

Scliodule.—Procoduro for making orders, p. 122.

Westminster, Statute of. See Newfoundland Act and ctw.-.-

reference* under Self-Governing Dominions.

Whaling Industry (Regulation):an Act to enable effect to lio

given to a Convention for the Regulation of Whaling, signed at

Geneva on behalf of H.M. on September 24th, 1931; to prohibit

the taking or treating of whales within the coastal waters of the

U.K., &c. Ch. 49. p. -IIS,

I. Description of wholes to which the Act applies, p. 418.

2. Prohibition of catching or treating wholes within United Kingdom

waters, p. 419.

3. Protection for certain dosses of whales, p. 419.

4. Whaling ships and whale-oil factories to be licensed, p. 420.

5. Grant of licenoee. p. 420.

6. Conditions attached to licences, p. 421.

lxxxviii Index to the Public General Ada 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

and Measures.

Whaling Industry (Regulation)— continued.

§ 7. Permits to toko and treat whales for scientific purposes, p. 423.

8. Powers of whale fishery inspectors, p. 424.

9. Forgery of documents, p. 425.

ID. Legal proceedings, p. 425.

11. Application to non-British ships registered in colonies, Ac. p. 426.

12. Exemption of whaling operations carried on in coastal waters of

certain British possessions. Ac. p. 426.

13. Extension to British possessions, Ac. p. 426.

14. Exercise of Board of Trade's powers by other persons, p. 427.

15. Powers of certain Dominions and India to legislate extrn-territorially

ns respects their ships, p. 427.

16. Expenses, and application of foes and fines, p. 427.

17. Interpretation and saving for certain enactments, p. 428.

18. Incidental provision as to regulations and orders, p. 429.

19. Short title and commencement, p. 429.

Schedule. —Names of whales, p. 429.

Witness. Agricultural Holdings Act arbitrations (c. 14, s. 18). p. 47.

arbitration proceedings (c. 14, s. 8, sch. 1). pp. 42, 49.

county court provisions. See County Courts Act (Part III),

examination abroad in county court action (o. 53, s. 82). p. 539.

Water Supplies (Exceptional Shortage Orders) Act inquiry (o. 20,

8. 11 (9), sell. para. 5). pp. 121, 124.

See also Evidence:Prisoners.

Workmen’s Compensation:

adopted children (c. 34). p. 317.

coal-mine owners and insurance (c. 23). p. 127.

county court funds rules (c. 53, s. 158 (m) ). p. 573.

money paid into court (c. 53, s. 165). p. 576.

payments and unemployment assistance (c. 29: es. 38 (3) (c), 54 (1)).

pp. 228, 243.

Workmen’s Compensation (Coal Mines) Act: to provide that,

coal-mine owners in G.B. shall insure against, or otherwise ensure

discharge of, their liabilities under the Workmen’s Compensation

Act, 1925; to enable certain mutual indemnity associations to

make deposits with the Accountant General of the Supreme Court;

and for purposes incidental, &c. (E. S.) Ch. 23. p. 127.

Works, Commissioners of. County court buildings (c. 17, s. 4—

see now c. 53, 8s. 34, 192 (9) ). pp. 58, 515, 591.

National Maritime Museum land (c. 43, s. 1 (2)-(5), sch.).

pp. 357, 361.

Wounds or Disability Pension, See Pension.

Printed by Erne and SromawooDE Limited

fob

William Richabd Codling, Ewp, C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E., the King's Printer of

Acts of Parliament

00110307

Mr. N. B. Daruwala

on 25 February, 2019

