THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

and the

Church Assembly Measures

of

1941

Being those which received the Royal Assent

in the

Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty

King George The Sixth

In the Sixth and Part of the Seventh Session of the Thirty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

with

Tables of the Short Titles and of The Effect of Legislation and an Index

Printed by His Majesty’s Stationery Office and Published by THE PROPRIETORS OF THE LAW JOURNAL REPORTS at 119 & 120, Chancery Lane, London

CONTENTS

Page

Table I. — Chronological List of Short Titles of the Public General Acts of 1941 - c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1941 —

4 & 5 Geo. 6, cc. 6-50 - 1

5 & 6 Geo. 6, cc. 1-4 - 440

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURE OF 1941 (4 & 5 Geo. 6, No. 1) - i

Table II. — Effect of Legislation - vii

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measure of 1941 - xix

c

TABLE I.

A CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE SHORT TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1941

Chapter of 4 & 5 Geo. 6.* - Page

6 The Consolidated Fund (No. i) Act, 1941 - 1

7 The Diplomatic Privileges (Extension) Act, 1941 - 2

8 The House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941 - 4

9 The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1941 - 5

10 The Air Raid Precautions (Postponement of Financial Investigation) Act, 1941. - 7

11 The Determination of Needs Act, 1941 - 7

12 The War Damage Act, 1941 - 14

13 The Land Drainage (Scotland) Act, 1941 - 113

14 The Public Works Loans Act, 1941 - 119

15 The National Service Act, 1941 - 123

16 The Isle of Man (Detention) Act, 1941 - 136

17 The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1941 - 137

18 The National Loans Act, 1941 - 141

19 The Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941. - 142

20 The Public and Other Schools (War Conditions) Act, 1941 - 143

21 The Allied Powers (Maritime Courts) Act, 1941 - 147

22 The Fire Services (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1941 - 162

* The following chapters of the session 4 & 5 Geo. 6 were printed in the volume of Public General Acts of 1940 :—

1. The Scottish Fisheries Advisory Council Act, 1940 (p. 494);

2. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1940 (p. 494);

3. The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940 (p. 497);

4. The Naval and Marine Forces (Temporary Release from Service) Act, 1940 (p. 499);

5. The Railways Agreement (Powers) Act, 1940 (p. 501).

d Chronological List. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Chapter of 4 & 5 Geo. 6. - Page

23 The Temporary Migration of Children (Guardianship) Act, 1941 - 165

24 The Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941 - 167

25 The Rating (War Damage) (Scotland) Act, 1941 - 194

26 The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1941 - 195

27 The Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941 - 196

28 The Trustee (War Damage Insurance) Act, 1941 - 198

29 The Naval Discipline (Amendment) Act, 1941 - 199

30 The Finance Act, 1941 - 199

31 The Goods and Services (Price Control) Act, 1941 - 245

32 The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1941 - 264

33 The Local Government (Financial Provisions) Act, 1941 - 266

34 The Repair of War Damage Act, 1941 - 268

35 The Colonial War Risks Insurance (Guarantees) Act, 1941 - 272

36 The Financial Powers (U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941 - 274

37 The War Damage (Extension of Risk Period) Act, 1941 - 278

38 The Appropriation Act, 1941 - 280

39 The National Health Insurance, Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941 - 327

40 The War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1941 - 340

41 The Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941 - 345

42 The Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941 - 364

43 The Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1941 - 381

44 The India and Burma (Postponement of Elections) Act, 1941 - 384

45 The Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1941 - 385

46 The Solicitors Act, 1941 - 386

47 The Marriage (Members of His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1941 - 413

48 The Prolongation of Parliament Act, 1941 - 418

49 The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941 - 418

50 The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941 - 421

Chapter of 5 & 6 Geo. 6. - Page

1 The Arthur Jenkins Indemnity Act, 1941 - 440

2 The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1941 (session 2) - 441

3 The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1941 - 442

4 The National Service (No. 2) Act, 1941 - 444

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-one and one thousand nine hundred and forty-two.

[12th February 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled; towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Issue of £600,000,000 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1941.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, the sum of six hundred million pounds.

[Issue of £1,000,000,000 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1942.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, the sum of one thousand million pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand, six hundred million pounds.

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.]

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

2 Ch. 6, 7. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to extend to certain other persons the immunities and privileges accorded to envoys of foreign Powers accredited to His Majesty.

[6th March 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty," by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Extension of diplomatic privileges to members of foreign governments.]

1. — (1) While any person is recognised by His Majesty to be—

(a) a member of the government of any foreign Power or of a provisional government, being a government for the time being allied with His Majesty and established in the United Kingdom; or

(b) a member of any national committee or other foreign authority for the time being established in the United Kingdom and recognised by His Majesty as competent to maintain armed forces for service in association with His Majesty’s forces;

then, for the purpose of any enactment, rule of law or custom relating to the immunities and privileges of an envoy of a foreign Power accredited to His Majesty,

1941. Diplomatic Privileges (Extension) Act, 1941. Ch. 7. 3

and of the retinue of such an envoy, that person shall be treated as if he were such an envoy and his official staff shall be treated as if they were his retinue:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as extending to any person any immunity or privilege by reason that he is employed on the official staff of any person recognised as aforesaid, unless the person so employed is recognised by His Majesty to be performing duties no less responsible than those of a Diplomatic Secretary.

(2) The Secretary of State shall—

(a) as soon as may be after the commencement of this Act, compile a list of the persons to whom immunities and privileges are extended under this section, and cause that list to be published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes; and

(b) whenever immunities and privileges cease or begin to be so extended to any person, amend the list, and cause a notice of amendment, or, if he thinks fit, an amended list, to be published as aforesaid.

With every list or notice so published there shall be included a statement of the date from which the list or amendment takes or took effect; and the fact that any person is or was included or not included at any time among the persons to whom immunities and privileges are so extended may be conclusively proved by producing the Gazette containing the list, or, as the case may be, the last list taking effect before that time, together with the Gazettes (if any) containing notices of the amendments taking effect before that time, and by showing that the name of that person is or was at that time included or not included in the said list.

[Extension of diplomatic privilege to envoys accredited to allied foreign Powers.]

2. While any person is recognised by His Majesty to be—

(a) the envoy of a foreign Power accredited to any such foreign Power or provisional government as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of the foregoing section; or

(b) the representative of any such provisional government as aforesaid accredited to any such foreign Power as aforesaid;

4 Ch. 7, 8. Diplomatic Privileges (Extension) Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

he shall be treated, for the purpose of any enactment, rule of law or custom relating to the immunities and privileges of an envoy of a foreign Power accredited to His Majesty, and of the retinue of such an envoy, as if he were such an envoy.

[Short title and duration.]

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Diplomatic Privileges (Extension) Act, 1941.

[2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.]

(2) This Act shall continue in force so long as the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, continues in force.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to make temporary provision for enabling persons required in the public interest to be employed for purposes connected with the war in offices and places under the Crown to be so employed without being disqualified for membership of the House of Commons.

[6th March 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Prevention of disqualification.]

1. — (1) If it is certified by the First Lord of the Treasury that the appointment of any person being a member of the Commons House of Parliament to any office or place under the Crown is required in the public interest for purposes connected with the prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged, that person shall not be deemed to be a person incapable of being elected as a member of that House, or incapable of sitting or voting as such a member, by reason only of his holding that office or place at any time during the present war period.

(2) A copy of any certificate issued for the purposes of the foregoing subsection shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament.

(3) Any person who, since the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and before the passing of this Act, has been appointed to any office or place under the Crown, not being an office mentioned in

[9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 2.]

the Schedule to the Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919, or a judicial office, shall not be deemed to have been or to be a person incapable of being elected as a member of the Commons House of Parliament, or incapable of sitting or voting as such a member, by reason only of his having held or holding that office or place at any time during the present war period.

1941. House of Commons Disqualification temporary Provisions) Act, 1941. Ch. 8, 9. 5

(4) In this section the expression "the present war period" means the period beginning with the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the expiry of

[2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.]

the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect any powers exercisable by virtue of the prerogative of the Crown with respect to the employment of persons in His Majesty’s service.

[Short title and duration.]

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

(2) This Act shall continue in force for the period of one year after the passing thereof and shall then expire:

Provided that upon the expiry of this Act subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of

[52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.]

the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals) shall apply as if this Act had then been repealed, and the provisions of this Act shall, notwithstanding such expiry, continue to apply with respect to the holding by any member of the Commons House of Parliament of any office or place then held by him.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-one and one thousand nine hundred and forty-two.

[26th March 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled; towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Issue of £4,020,383 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1941.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and

6 Ch. 9. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

forty-one, the sum of four million, twenty thousand, three hundred and eighty-three pounds.

[Issue of £192,055,400 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1942.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, the sum of one hundred and ninety-two million, fifty-five thousand, four hundred pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and ninety-six million, seventy-five thousand, seven hundred and eighty-three pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and section six of

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.]

the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1941.

1941. Air Raid Precautions (Postponement of Financial Investigation) Act, 1941. Ch. 10, 11. 7

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to postpone the investigation to be made under section ten of the Air Raid Precautions Act, 1937, until the year nineteen hundred and forty-one.

[26th March 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Amendment of 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 6, s. 10.]

1. Section ten of the Air Raid Precautions Act, 1937 (which requires an investigation to be made into the working of the financial provisions of that Act within the period of three years from the passing thereof) shall have effect as if for the word "three" there were therein substituted the word "four."

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Air Raid Precautions (Postponement of Financial Investigation) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to abolish the requirement that in determining the need and assessing the needs of applicants for unemployment assistance or supplementary pensions the resources of all members of their households must be taken into account, to make further provision for the determination of need and the assessment of needs in the case of such applicants and in connection with financial assistance to blind persons, and to provide for the winding-up of the Unemployment Assistance Fund.

[26th March 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Repeal of requirements as to resources of household.]

1. On and after the appointed day so much of subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of

[24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 29.]

the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, as requires that in the case of an applicant for an allowance under that Act, or of an applicant for a supplementary pension under

[3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 13.]

the Old Age and Widows’ Pensions Act, 1940, the resources of the applicant taken into account shall include the resources of all members of the household of which he is himself a member, shall cease to have effect.

8 Ch. 11. Determination of Needs Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

[Provisions as to regulations for determining need and assessing needs of applicants who are members of households.]

2. — (1) On and after the appointed day the regulations made under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, for the purposes of determining the need and assessing the needs of applicants for allowances under that Act, and the regulations made under the provisions of that Act applied by the Old Age and Widows’ Pensions Act, 1940, for the like purposes in the case of applicants for supplementary pensions under that Act, shall, in particular, provide for the need of an applicant who is a member of a household being determined and his needs assessed in conformity with the rules set out in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) Within one month from the passing of this Act, draft regulations for the purpose of complying with the requirements of the foregoing provisions of this section shall be prepared, submitted, and made, in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2) of section fifty-two of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, and as soon as may be after such draft regulations have been made the provisions of subsections (3) and (4) of that section (which relate to the laying of such drafts and of documents relating thereto before Parliament and to the making of regulations after approval by Parliament) shall be complied with in relation thereto.

[Treatment of war savings.]

3. — (1) In computing the resources of any person whose resources are taken into account in determining the need or assessing the needs of an applicant for an allowance under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, or of an applicant for a supplementary pension under the Old Age and Widows’ Pensions Act, 1940, or the needs of any person for the purposes of subsection (1) of section two of

[10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 49.]

the Blind Persons Act, 1920, any money and investments treated as capital assets of that person shall up to the following amount, that is to say:

(i) in relation to any period after such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council determine, the amount of his war savings on that date;

(ii) in relation to any period before that date, the amount of his war savings at the date on which his resources are computed,

be disregarded in addition to any money or investments treated as capital assets which would be disregarded apart from the provisions of this subsection so, however, that the total amount of the money and investments of any person disregarded by virtue of this subsection shall not exceed three hundred and seventy-five pounds:

Provided that the provisions of this section shall not apply to the war savings of any person in relation to any period after the date so determined unless there is produced to the appropriate authority a certificate in the prescribed form certifying

1941. Determination of Needs Act, 1941. Ch. 11. 9

that, within such period after that date as may be prescribed, application has been made in the prescribed manner claiming that the provisions of this section shall continue to apply to those savings or that authority is satisfied that within that period application has been made for such a certificate.

(2) Where any investments are to be disregarded under subsection (1) of this section, the requirement that they shall be disregarded shall be construed as extending to any income receivable therefrom.

(3) References in this section to the amount of the war savings of any person at any date shall be construed as references to an amount ascertained in accordance with the provisions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(4) The Treasury shall make regulations for the purposes of this section and such regulations may in particular authorise or require the Postmaster-General and his officers and any officers of a savings bank to make such disclosure of holdings of Government stock on the Post Office register and National Savings Certificates and of deposits in the bank as may appear necessary for the purposes of this section or of any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, notwithstanding that such disclosure is prohibited by or under any Act or by the rules of the bank in question.

(5) If any person, in furnishing any information as to his war savings or the war savings of any other person for the purposes of this section, makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction thereof to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(6) In this section the expression "the appropriate authority" means in relation to the computation of resources for the purposes of any of the enactments specified in subsection (1) of this section the authority whose function it is under that enactment to determine questions in connection with the computation of such resources, and the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made under this section.

(7) This section shall come into force on the appointed day.

[Transitory provisions.]

4. Where an allowance under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, or a supplementary pension under the Old Age and Widows' Pensions Act, 1940, is payable to a person under a determination granting such an allowance or supplementary pension in force immediately before the appointed day, then, at any time during the two months beginning on that day an allowance or supplementary pension may be paid to him in

10 Ch. 11. Determination of Needs Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

accordance with that determination until a further determination as to his need can be made.

[Meaning of "the appointed day."]

5. In this Act the expression "the appointed day" in relation to allowances under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, means the date on which regulations made under that Act for the purpose of complying with the requirements of subsection (1) of section two of this Act take effect, in accordance with the provisions of subsection (4) of section fifty-two of the first mentioned Act; in relation to supplementary pensions, means the date on which the like regulations made under the provisions of that Act applied by the Old Age and Widows' Pensions Act, 1940, take-effect in accordance with the provisions of the said subsection (4); and in relation to subsection (1) of section two of the Blind Persons Act, 1920, means such date as may be appointed as respects England and Wales by order of the Minister of Health and as respects Scotland by order of the Secretary of State.

[Closing of Unemployment Assistance Fund.]

6. — (1) The Unemployment Assistance Fund shall in accordance with directions given by the Treasury be wound up and closed.

(2) After such date as the Treasury by order declare to be the date on which the said fund is to be closed, all sums received by the Assistance Board shall be paid into the Exchequer and all expenses of the Board (including the amount of the allowances issued under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934) shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament:

Provided that the amount to be so defrayed for the purposes of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, shall not in any year exceed such sum as may be approved by the Minister of Labour and National Service after consultation with the Assistance Board, with the consent of the Treasury.

(3) As soon as may be after the date declared by the Treasury in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the Assistance Board shall in accordance with directions given by the Treasury prepare a final account of the fund and submit it to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine the account and make a report thereon, and the account and report shall be laid before Parliament.

[Consequential amendments of enactments.]

7. — (1) In subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934 there shall, on and after the appointed day, be substituted for the words from "the resources of an applicant" to "whose resources are taken into account" the words "due regard shall be had to the personal requirements of all persons whose resources are taken into account".

(2) Sections forty-four and forty-six and paragraph (b) of section forty-seven of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, and subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Old Age and Widows’

1941. Determination of Needs Act, 1941. Ch. 11. 11

Pensions Act, 1940, are hereby repealed from the next day after the date declared by order of the Treasury to be the date on which the Unemployment Assistance Fund is to be closed.

[Short title and construction of enactments.]

8. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Determination of Needs Act, 1941.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment or provision shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment or provision as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

[Section 2.]

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rules to be complied with in the Making of Regulations for Determining the Need and Assessing the Needs of Applicants who are Members of Households.

1. Whether or not the applicant is the householder, the resources of members of the household, other than the applicant, the husband or wife of the applicant, and any member of the household dependent on the applicant, shall not be regarded as resources of the applicant.

2. Where the applicant is the householder or the husband or wife of the householder the resources of the applicant shall, unless exceptional circumstances are shown, be deemed to include such contributions as may be prescribed towards the expenses of the household from members of the household who are not dependent members.

3. Where the applicant is not the householder,—

(a) if the householder is the father or mother of the applicant and the income of the father and mother is of such amount as may be prescribed, or if the householder is the son or daughter of the applicant and the income of the householder is of such amount as may be prescribed, and if in either case there are no members of the household dependent on the applicant, the needs of the applicant shall, unless exceptional circumstances are shown, be deemed not to include the need of making contributions towards the cost of his board and lodging or the other expenses of the household;

(b) if the provisions of the last foregoing sub-paragraph are inapplicable, then, unless the applicant has not attained the age of eighteen years, the needs of the applicant shall, unless exceptional circumstances are shown, be deemed to include the need of making such contributions by way of rent as may be prescribed.

12 Ch. 11. Determination of Needs Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

---

1ST SCH.—

coni.

Section 3.

4. In this Schedule the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say,—

"Dependent member" means, in relation to an applicant, a member of the household who is a person dependent on or ordinarily supported by the applicant, not being a member in whose case the qualifications set out in subsection (1) of section thirty-six of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, are fulfilled, and the expression " member of the household dependent on the applicant " shall be construed accordingly;

"Prescribed" means prescribed by the regulations made in conformity with the requirements of section two of this Act;

and other expressions have such meanings as may be prescribed.

5. Save as therein expressly provided, nothing in these Rules shall be construed as affecting any power to make regulations for determining the need and assessing the needs of applicants for allowances under the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, or for supplementary pensions under the Old Age and Widows’ Pensions Act, 1940, or as restricting the discretion of any authority having power to determine questions in connection with such applications.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Meaning of the Expression "War Savings."

1. There Shall first be ascertained, with respect to the person whose war savings are to be computed, as on the date at which they are to be computed, the aggregate of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount of Government stock held on the Post Office register issued after the second day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, to which he is entitled either by reason of having subscribed therefor at the time of the issue thereof, or by inheritance;

(b) the amount of National Savings Certificates and Ulster Savings

Certificates to which he is entitled;

(c) the amount of money which he has on loan to the Treasury

without interest; and

(d) the amounts to which he is entitled which are standing to the

credit of any account in the Post Office savings bank or a trustee savings bank or in any other savings bank specified in that behalf in regulations of the Treasury.

2. If the amount ascertained under the foregoing paragraph represents in whole or in part any such stock, certificates or amounts as aforesaid which were acquired with the proceeds of the realisation after the fourteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty, of

I941- Determination of Needs Ch. 11.

Act, 1941.

any investments of that person, not being investments acquired by him by inheritance after the said fourteenth day of August, there shall be deducted from that amount the sum applied out of the said proceeds of realisation in acquiring the said stock, certificates or amounts:

Provided that in so far as the investments realised consisted of such stock, certificates or amounts as are mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph, a deduction shall only be made under this paragraph in so far as a deduction would have been required to be made thereunder if the person in question had not realised the said stock, certificates or amounts but had continued to retain them.

3. There shall then be ascertained the aggregate amount of the National Savings Certificates, Ulster Savings Certificates and amounts standing to the credit of an account in any such savings bank as aforesaid to which the person in question was entitled immediately before the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and the amount of the war savings of the person whose war savings are to be computed as on the date at which they are to be computed shall be taken to be the aggregate amount ascertained under paragraph 1 of this Schedule (as reduced in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2 thereof) less the aggregate amount ascertained under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph.

4. For the purposes of this Schedule a person shall be deemed to be entitled to any stock, certificates or amounts if and only if he is absolutely entitled in possession to the whole beneficial interest therein; and—

(a) the expression " investment" includes any deposit or loan,

being a deposit or loan bearing interest;

(b) .the expression " Government stock " has the same meaning

as in the Savings Bank Act, 1893;

(c) the expression " trustee savings bank" means a bank in the

United Kingdom or the Channel Islands certified under the Trustee Savings Bank Act, 1863;

(d) the expression " by inheritance" means as a beneficiary under

a will, intestacy or the nomination of a deceased person;

(e) references to amounts standing to the credit of an account in

a trustee savings bank include any sums received in respect of special investments; and

(f) references to the amount at any date of any Government stock or National or Ulster Savings Certificates shall be treated as references, in the case of any such stock, to the amount originally subscribed therefor, and, in the case of any such certificates, to the amount for which those certificates could be encashed on that date.

13

2ND SCH —

coni.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 69.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 87.

14

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Buildings and other Immovable Property.

The War Damage Commission.

Section.

1. Constitution and functions of War Damage Commission.

Payments. Nature, amount, and provisions for securing the public interest.

2. Payments under Part I and hereditaments that are to be units for

purposes thereof.

3. Nature and amounts of payments.

4. Cases in which payments of cost of works and value payments respec-

tively are to be made.

5. Additional payments in respect of temporary works.

6. Determination of questions as to works and value.

7. Provisions for securing the public interest in the making of payments.

Provisions as to rights to receive payments.

8. Time when payments may be made.

9. Destination and apportionment of payments.

10. Notification of damage and claims for payments.

11. Commission not to be required to entertain claims for payments of

under five pounds.

12. Provision for deduction from payment, &c., for failure to minimize

damage.

13. Wages and conditions of employment for works the subject of pay-

ments under Part I.

Additional provisions as to payments in certain cases.

14. Power to increase amount of value payments on Commission's report

as to altered circumstances.

15. Payments in respect of tenancies in hereditaments of exceptional

site value.

16. Payments in respect of land compulsorily acquired whilst in a damaged

condition.

17. Payments in respect of land sustaining repeated damage.

Contribution towards expense of making payments.

18. Contribution to be made towards expense of making payments.

19. Properties liable to contribution.

20. Amount of contribution and time for payment thereof.

21. Temporary use or occupation of land to be disregarded.

22. Increase or reduction of contribution.

Persons liable for contribution.

23. Persons primarily liable for instalments.

24. Rights over against landlords and tenants.

25. Rights over against mortgagees in certain cases.

26. Liability for instalments in case of shooting, fishing, and other rights.

27. Recovery of instalments from mortgagees in possession.

28. Deduction of indemnities from rent and mortgage payments.

L*

1941.

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Miscellaneous provisions as to contribution.

Section.

29. Properties in divided ownership at relevant date.

30. Alteration during risk period in area or condition of properties.

31. Provisions as to instalments of contribution for 1941.

32. Power to pay contribution in advance.

33. Provisions as to recovery of contribution on properties rendered unfit.

34. Indemnities payable and recoverable notwithstanding agreements to

contrary.

35. Rights enforceable notwithstanding transmission of interest.

36. Commissioners of Inland Revenue to collect contribution.

Special provisions as to certain classes of land.

37. Crown land.

38. Land belonging to foreign States and Sovereigns, &c.

39. Land held for charitable purposes.

40. Land occupied for purposes of certain undertakings.

41. Highways.

42. Air-raid shelters.

43. Land belonging to National Trust.

44. Requisitioned land.

Special provisions as to land held in trust, &c.

45. Definition of " owner " in relation to proprietary interests.

46. Destination of payments in certain cases.

47. Liability of trustees, &c., in respect of instalments of contribution.

48. Power to raise capital for defraying contribution.

49. Repairs to land of ecclesiastical corporations.

50. Liability to repair chancels, &c., not to extend to war damage.

Miscellaneous provisions relating to Part

51. Amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 73.

52. Amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 74.

53. Disposal of salvage.

54. Payments to be made out of moneys provided by Parliament and

contributions to be paid into Exchequer.

55. Expenses of Public Works Loan Commissioners as mortgagees.

56. Annual statement of payments and receipts under Part I.

57. Power of Commission to obtain information.

58. Power of Commission to inspect damaged premises.

Part II.

Goods.

The Insurance Schemes.

59. Insurance schemes.

60. Goods insurable under the schemes.

61. Time for payment of losses under the schemes.

Special provisions as to business scheme.

62. Insurance under business scheme to be compulsory.

63. Power of Board of Trade to obtain information.

Special provisions as to private chattels scheme.

64. Graduated premiums under private chattels scheme.

65. Limitation of indemnity provided under private chattelsTscheme.

66. Rights under insurance on goods of members of household or servants.

67. Power to refuse applications for insurance under private chattels

scheme.

i6

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Power to make payments otherwise than under policies.

Section.

68. Power of Board of Trade to make payments otherwise than under

policies.

Miscellaneous.

69. Employment of agents by Board of Trade.

70. Annual statement of receipts and payments under Part II.

71. Definition of owner in relation to goods affixed to land.

72. Orders of Board of Trade for purposes of Part II.

Part III.

Amendments of Part II of War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

73. Amendment of Part II of War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

74. Insurance of certain goods under Part II of War Risks Insurance

Act, 1939.

75. Provisions in policies limiting indemnity.

76. Extension of power to exempt goods from compulsory insurance.

77. Exclusion of certain goods from commodity insurance scheme.

78. Miscellaneous amendments.

79. Application of Part III to Isle of Man. '

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

Miscellaneous.

80. Definition of " war damage

81. Avoidance of duplication of payments in respect of war damage.

82. Contributions and premiums to be treated as capital outgoings.

83. Payments under Parts I and II to be subject to conditions in case of

non-residents.

84. Certain expenses not to be a deduction for income tax, national defence

contribution or excess profits tax.

85. Set-off of certain payments under Parts I and II against loams under

s. 2 of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 74.

86. Set-off of certain payments under Parts I and II against loams out of

Vote of Credit.

87. Provision as to certain mutual insurance schemes.

88. Amendments by Defence Regulations.

89. Information as to Schedule A assessment and rating valuation.

90. Restriction on disclosure of information.

91. Expenses.

92. Provisions as to Board of Trade.

93. Provisions as to regulations and orders.

General.

94. Assignment of proceedings arising under this Act to special judges.

95. Interpretation.

Application to Scotland and Northern Ireland.

96. Application to Scotland.

97. Application to Northern Ireland.

98. Liability of Northern Ireland Government departments as mortgagees.

99. Repeal in part of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 32 (N.I.).

1941. War Damage Ch. 12. 17

Act, 1941.

Section.

100. Amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 34 (N.I.).

101. Set-off of certain payments under Parts I and II against loans under

s. 3 of 2 &3 Geo. 6. c. 34 (N.I.).

Short Title and Repeal.

102. Short title and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Constitution and Procedure of the War Damage Commission.

Second Schedule.—Provisions as to Appeals and References under Part I to a Referee.

Third Schedule.—Payments under Part I in cases of Repeated Damage.

Fourth Schedule.—Ultimate Incidence of Liability to Contributions.

Fifth Schedule.—Part I.—Enactments Repealed.

Part II.—Northern Ireland Enactments Repealed.

An Act to make provision with respect to war damage to immovable property and to goods.

[26th March 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Buildings and other Immovable Property.

The War Damage Commission.

1. — (1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be constituted Constitution a Commission, to be called the War Damage Commission (in this *nd func-Act referred to as " the Commission ") consisting of persons appointed of

by the Treasury in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act, Damage which shall be charged with the duty of executing the provisions Commis-of this Part of this Act relating to the making of payments in respect si°n. of war damage to land, and shall exercise such other functions as are conferred upon them by this Act.

(2) The Commission shall, as respects such matters as may be specified in regulations made by the Treasury, exercise their functions under this Act (including any discretionary power exercisable by them) subject to and in accordance with the provisions of regulations so made:

Provided that any regulations made for the purposes of this subsection shall be of a general character, and nothing in this subsection shall be construed as authorising the making of any regulations requiring the Commission to exercise any of its functions in a manner inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

B

i8

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Payments under Part I and hereditaments that are to be units for purposes thereof.

Nature and amount of payments.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution and procedure of the Commission.

Payments. Nature, amount and provisions for securing the public

interest.

2. — (1) Payments shall be made by the Commission, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, in respect of war damage to land occurring during the risk period.

(2) For the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to such payments, land sustaining war damage as aforesaid shall, subject to the provisions of the next succeeding subsection, be dealt with in such units as the Commission may determine, and land which is to constitute a unit for those purposes is in this Part of this Act referred to as a " hereditament ",

(3) Hereditaments shall be of two kinds consisting respectively of—

(a) buildings (excluding buildings the use of which is acces-

sory to the use of other land and which would not be readily marketable apart from that other land) or parts of such buildings, and the sites of such buildings or of parts thereof; and

(b) land other than as aforesaid:

Provided that there shall be included in a hereditament that comprises a building falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection, or a part of such a building, any land (including a building) which, though not falling within that paragraph, might be expected ordinarily to be occupied with the first-mentioned building or part and is so situated that war damage thereto, if not made good, would be likely to affect substantially the value of the first-mentioned building or part.

A hereditament that comprises a building falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection, or a part of such a building, is in this Part of this Act referred to as a " developed hereditament ".

3. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a payment to be made thereunder shall be of one or other of two kinds, in this Part of this Act referred to respectively as a " payment of cost of works " and a " value payment".

(2) The amount of a payment of cost of works shall be computed as follows:—

(a) If the war damage is made .good by reinstating the hereditament in the form in which it existed immediately before the occurrence of the damage, the amount of the payment shall be an amount equal to the proper cost of the works executed for the making good thereof:

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

19

Provided that if the reinstatement of any part of the hereditament could have been omitted without detracting from its value, or the omission thereof would have increased the value of the hereditament, the amount of the payment shall be reduced to what it would have been if that part had not been reinstated.

In this Part of this Act the expression " the permissible amount " means, in relation to a payment of cost of works, the amount that is payable by virtue of this paragraph or that would have been payable if this paragraph had had effect in relation to the payment.

(6) If the war damage is made good by works which include alterations or additions to the hereditament, the amount of the payment shall be an amount equal to so much of the proper cost of the works executed for the making good of the damage as falls within the permissible amount.

(3) In this Part of this Act the expression " proper cost " means, in relation to any works, such cost as is reasonable, having reganl to the prices of materials and rates of remuneration for services current when the works are executed and to all other relevant circumstances, and in computing the proper cost of any works the cost of the necessary employment of an architect, engineer, surveyor, land agent, or other person in an advisory or supervisory capacity, in connection with the execution of the works, shall be treated as part of the cost of the works.

(4) The amount of a value payment shall be an amount equal to the amount of the depreciation in the value of the hereditament caused by the war damage, that is to say, the amount by which the value of the hereditament in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the damage is less than its value in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage.

(5) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, the value of a hereditament in the state in which it was at any time shall be ascertained by reference to prices current at the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and shall be taken to be the amount which the fee simple in the hereditament in that state might have been expected to realise on a sale thereof made in the open market on the said day with vacant possession, subject to any restrictive covenant, easement, quasieasement, or other right inuring for the benefit of other land, any public right of way, right of common, or other right inuring for the benefit of the public or of any section thereof, and any restriction or liability imposed by or under an enactment, to which the hereditament was subject at that time, but free from any other incumbrance:

Part I.

—cont.

20

Part I. —coni.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

Cases in which payments of cost of works and value payments respectively are to be made.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Provided that provision may be made by regulations made by the Treasury for the valuation by reference to such matters as may be therein specified of hereditaments consisting of or comprising premises of a kind not normally the subject of sales in the open market, or having a value which could not be fully realised on such a sale.

(6) The amount of a payment of cost of works shall be reduced by an amount equal to the value, ascertained in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, of any articles which formed part of the hereditament and become available as materials in consequence, whether directly or indirectly, of the war damage, and in computing the amount of a value payment the value, ascertained as aforesaid, of any such articles shall be included in the value of the hereditament in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the war damage:

Provided that—

(a) where any such articles are removed in exercise of emergency powers, otherwise than pursuant to a requisition, the amount of the payment shall be computed as if they had been wholly destroyed on the occurrence of the damage; and

(b) where any such articles are requisitioned, the amount of the payment shall be computed as mentioned in the preceding proviso and then'reduced by the amount of the sum payable under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, or under any such agreement as is mentioned in section fifteen of that Act, in respect of the requisition, or which would have been so payable if a claim therefor had been duly made under that Act.

4. — (1) Subject as provided by subsection (2) of this section, the question whether a payment under this Part of this Act is to be a payment of cost of works or a value payment shall be determined as follows, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a developed hereditament the payment shall be a payment of cost of works unless the damage involves total loss, that is to say, is such that the making good thereof would be likely to require works costing more than the difference between the value which the hereditament would have after the execution of the works and the value which the hereditament, with the damage not made good, would have as ‘a site;

(b) in the case of a hereditament not being a developed hereditament the payment shall be a payment of cost of works in a case only in which the permissible amount of that payment would be likely to be less than the amount of a value payment in respect of the damage.

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(2) The preceding subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of section seven of this Act for securing the public interest in the making of payments under this Part of this Act, and subject also to the following provisions, that is to say—

[a) in a case in which the appropriate payment would, apart

from this provision, be a payment of cost of works, if the Commission are satisfied that it is the wish of the owners of proprietary interests in the hereditament and of any mortgagee of any such interest, or of any of the persons aforesaid whose wish ought in the opinion of the Commission to prevail, that the damage should not be made good, or if they are satisfied that the circumstances are such that the damage will not in fact be made good, they may, if they think fit, make a value payment in respect of the damage, so however that the amount of a payment made by virtue of this paragraph shall be such amount as the Commission think proper, not exceeding either the amount that would have been permissible for the payment of cost of works or the amount that would have been payable if a value payment had been the appropriate payment; and

(b) in a case in which the appropriate payment would, apart

from this provision, be a value payment, the Commission may make a payment of cost of works in respect of the damage if it appears to them to be expedient so to do having regard to the effect that the making good of the damage would have in relation to the value of another hereditament.

5. Where a payment of cost of works or a value payment is Additional made in respect of war damage to a hereditament, there shall be payments made, in addition to that payment, a payment (in this Part of jj this Act referred to as a " temporary works payment ") of an porary" amount equal to the proper cost of any works reasonably executed works, for temporarily meeting the circumstances created by the damage, being—

(a) where a payment of cost of works is made, works, other than those taken into account in computing the amount of that payment, executed between the occurrence of the damage and the time when it is made good;

(b) where a value payment is made, works executed between the occurrence of the damage and the time when the Commission’s determination to make that payment, and not a payment of cost of works, has been notified to all persons having an interest in the hereditament who have made a request in writing to the Commission to be notified thereof, or, if no such request has been made, the time of their determination.

21

Part I.

—cont.

22

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I. —coni.

Determination of questions as to works and value.

9 Edw. 7. c. 8.

Provisions for securing the public interest in the making of payments.

6. — (1) Subject to the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section, any question arising in giving effect to the provisions of the three last preceding sections shall be determined by the Commission.

(2) An appeal shall lie from a determination of the Commission—

(a) as to the value of a hereditament in respect of which a value payment is to be made, at the instance of the person who is entitled to receive the payment in question or any share thereof or who would be so entitled but for the subsistence of a mortgage; or

(b) as to the value which a hereditament would have in the

circumstances specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section four of this Act, at the instance of the owner of any proprietary interest in the hereditament, of any mortgagee of any such interest, or of any other person who has incurred cost which would be the subject of the payment of cost of works if it were made;

to one of the panel of referees appointed under Part I of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, and the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any such appeal.

(3) If any person is aggrieved by a determination of the Commission of any question which is under this section to be determined by them, other than a determination from which an appeal lies under subsection (2) of this section, he may appeal therefrom on any question of law to the High Court.

Provision may be made by rules of court for regulating appeals under this subsection, and those rules shall provide for limiting the time within which such an appeal may be brought, for the determination thereof in a summary manner, and for requiring notice thereof to be given to the Commission, and may provide for the hearing and determination of any such appeal by a single judge, and the Commission shall be entitled to appear and be heard on any such appeal.

7. — (1) The Treasury shall give directions to be observed by the Commission for securing that the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the making of payments in respect of war damage shall be executed in conformity with the public interest, as respects town and country planning, the provision of housing accommodation, the development of industries and services and of agriculture, the preservation of amenities, the consumption of supplies of building materials for the time being available, the building requirements of persons engaged in work of public importance, and such other matters as may be prescribed.

(2) For the purpose of giving effect to any such directions, the Commission may, by notice published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes or such of them as may be appropriate in

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

23

the case of the notice in question, and in such other manner as they think best for informing persons likely to be affected, specify any particular area or class of hereditaments or of works, and impose on any person who proposes to execute works (other than temporary works) for making good war damage to hereditaments in the specified area or to hereditaments of the specified class, or who proposes to execute for making good war damage any works of the specified class, an obligation to inform the Commission of the proposal and to furnish to them such particulars of the proposed works as they may require, and the Commission shall have power, where such a notice has been published—

(a) to impose, as a condition of the right to receive so much

of any payment of cost of works as would be payable in respect of any such works executed after the publication of the notice, requirements as to the nature of the works, the materials to be used therefor or the time for the execution thereof, or any other requirements relating thereto; or

(b) if the Commission are satisfied that the directions given

by the Treasury require that the damage should not be made good, to make a value payment in respect thereof in lieu of any payment of cost of works that would otherwise have been appropriate.

(3) For the purpose of giving effect to any such directions, the Commission shall have power, whether such a notice as aforesaid has been published or not,—

(a) to require the person to whom a value payment in respect of war damage to a developed hereditament or any share of such a payment is to be made to enter into an undertaking with the Commission to observe conditions as to the application of the payment or share, or of any part thereof, to the construction, alteration or acquisition of a building to be used in substitution for the building comprised in the damaged hereditament;

(b) where war damage in respect of which a value payment

would otherwise be appropriate is made good in the public interest, to make a payment of cost of works in respect thereof; or

(c) to make an addition to a payment of cost of works in consideration of the omission, by agreement between the Commission and the owners of proprietary interests in the hereditament and any mortgagee of any such interest, of any works for the making good of the damage the cost of which would otherwise have been payable, so however that the amount of the payment with the addition thereto shall not exceed the amount permissible by virtue of subsection (2) of section three of this Act:

Part L

—cont.

24 Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Part I. Provided that the power conferred by paragraph (a) of this sub-

—cont. section shall not, except in relation to a sum paid during the period

2 & 3 Geo. 6. whilst the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, continues in c. 62. force, extend to the imposition of any condition as to the location

of any substituted building.

(4) Where a value payment is made by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, section five of this Act shall have effect in relation to any works appearing to the Commission to have been reasonably executed before the publication of the notice referred to in that subsection, notwithstanding that they may not have been of a temporary character.

(5) If default is made in the observance of an undertaking entered into for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of this section, the sum paid shall be recoverable as money had and received to the use of His Majesty, and the right to receive the value payment or share thereof, or, if the condition related to a part only thereof, the right to receive that part, shall be forfeited.

15 & 16 (6) The provisions of the Land Charges Act, 1925, shall apply

Geo. 5. c. 22. to a notice published under subsection (2) of this section specifying a particular area (in this subsection referred to as " the specified area ") as if the notice were a local land charge, and the notice shall be registered accordingly by the proper officer of the council of any county borough or county district the area of which comprises the specified area or any part thereof, or, if the specified area or any part thereof is comprised in the City of London or any other part of the administrative county of London, by the proper officer of the Common Council or of the London County Council, as the case may be.

It shall be the duty of the Commission, as soon as may be after they have published any such notice as aforesaid, to inform the proper officer of any such council as aforesaid, the area of which comprises the specified area or any part thereof, of that fact, and to furnish to him any information relating to the notice requisite for enabling him to discharge his functions under this subsection.

(7) In determining whether, and the manner in which, any of the powers conferred upon the Commission by this section is to be exercised in cases in which it appears to them that an exercise of the power would be likely to affect the exercise by a local or public authority of any of their functions, the Commission shall afford to the authority, or, where the matter in question is one in which a number of such authorities are concerned, to such representative body as appears to the Commission to be appropriate, an opportunity of making representations to them, and the Commission shall consider any representation made to them by any such authority or body with respect to the exercise by the Commission of any of the

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

25

said powers, and any such authority shall at the request of the Commission furnish them with any information in the possession of the authority which the Commission may reasonably require in connection with the exercise by them of any of the said powers.

Provisions as to rights to receive payments.

8. — (1) The times when payments may be made under this Part of this Act shall, except in such cases as may be determined by the Commission in accordance with directions given to them by the Treasury, be the following, that is to say—

(a) in the case of payments of cost of works, and in the

case of temporary works payments, the time of the completion of the works, or, where payment is to be made by instalments, of the relevant parts thereof, or the expiration of such period thereafter as may be reasonably requisite for enabling the Commission to ascertain whether they have been duly completed and what was the proper cost thereof;

(b) in the case of value payments, such time or times as

may be specified' in regulations made by the Treasury either generally or as respects payments to be made in different circumstances.

(2) Interest at the rate of two and a half per cent, per annum shall accrue on a value payment from the time of the occurrence of the war damage, and shall be payable when that payment is discharged.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, where the Commission are satisfied that a person who will in due course become entitled to receive a value payment or a payment of cost of works or a share of such a payment (not being a person so entitled in a fiduciary capacity only or in the capacity of a mortgagee), or a beneficiary or borrower to whom a person so entitled in such a capacity as aforesaid will be liable to account, is at a time before the payment can be made in need of funds required—

(a) where he or his family was maintaining a residence in the

damaged hereditament immediately before the damage occurred, in order to secure housing accommodation for himself or his family, or

(b) where he was then carrying on a trade or business therein,

in order to secure premises for the carrying on of a trade or business,

the Commission may pay to him, on account and in part satisfaction of the payment or share, any sum or sums not together exceeding such amount as they are satisfied will fall within the

Part I.

—cont.

Time when payments may be made.

26

CH. 12.

War Damage

Act Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Destination

and

apportionment of payments.

amount of that payment or share and not together exceeding eight hundred pounds, or, in the case of a person as to whom the requirements both of paragraph (a) and of paragraph (b) of this subsection are satisfied, eight hundred pounds for each of the purposes therein mentioned.

(4) Where any sum or sums is or are paid under the last preceding subsection by reference to the needs of such a beneficiary or borrower as is therein mentioned, the amount thereof shall not in the aggregate exceed such amount as the Commission are satisfied, after such consultation with other persons concerned as they think requisite, can be paid without prejudice to the rights of any other* person concerned, and payment of the sum or sums in question may be made either to the beneficiary or borrower himself or to any other person, as may appear to the Commission to be requisite in order to give effect to the purposes of that subsection and to the rights of all persons concerned.

(5) Any sum or sums to be paid under subsection (3) of this section may be paid subject to any conditions which the Commission think requisite for the purposes aforesaid, and, if any conditions imposed under this subsection are not complied with, the sum in question shall be recoverable as money had and received to the use of His Majesty.

(6) When any sum is paid on account of a value payment or of a share of such a payment, interest on the amount of the sum paid shall cease to accrue.

9. — (1) A payment of cost of works, and a temporary works payment, shall be made to the person by whom the cost of executing the works is incurred or, if such cost is incurred partly by one person and partly by another, shall be divided amongst them in such manner as may be determined by agreement between them, or, in default of agreement, in such manner as may be determined by the Commission.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, a value payment and the interest thereon shall, if no proprietary interest other than the fee simple was subsisting in the damaged hereditament or in any part thereof immediately before the occurrence of the war damage, be paid to the person who was then the owner of the fee simple therein, and in any other case shall be paid to the persons who were then the owners of the several proprietary interests then subsisting therein, or in any part thereof, which suffer depreciation in value by reason of the war damage, in shares proportionate to the amount of the depreciation in value which they respectively suffer by reason thereof, that is to say, the amount by which the value of those interests respectively immediately after the occurrence of the damage is less than the value thereof respectively immediately before the occurrence of the damage.

1941- War Damage Ch. 12. . 27

Act, 1941.

(3) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, the value Part I. that a proprietary interest in a hereditament had immediately —cont. before the occurrence of war damage and the value (if any) that

it had immediately thereafter shall be taken respectively to be the amount that the interest might have been expected to realise on a sale thereof in the open market on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, if it had been subsisting on that day with the like incidents in all respects (other than its being subject to any charge or lien for securing money or money’s worth) as it had, and the hereditament had been on that day in the state in which it was, immediately before the occurrence of the damage, or immediately thereafter, as the case may be, so, however, that—

(a) in determining the value that the interest had immediately

after the occurrence of the damage, regard shall be had

to what in fact happens as respects any surrender by

virtue of the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act, 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

1939, of any tenancy in the hereditament or in a part c- 72-

thereof (including that interest if it is a tenancy), and

the amount that the interest might have been expected

to realise on the assumed sale shall accordingly be

determined as if any such tenancy surrendered by virtue

of that Act (including that interest if it is a tenancy and

is surrendered) had been for a term limited to expire on

the date on which the surrender takes effect, and had

been held free from any obligation as to repairs to which

it was subject; but

(b) subject as aforesaid, the amount that the interest might

have been expected to realise on the assumed sale shall be determined without regard to the provisions of the said Act. 4

(4) Where a proprietary interest in a hereditament was subject to a mortgage immediately before the occurrence of the war damage, and the mortgage is subsisting at the time when a value payment in respect thereof is discharged, in the absence of agreement to the contrary between the mortgagee and the person entitled to that interest subject to the mortgage the payment and the interest thereon shall, as to the whole or as to the share thereof apportioned to that proprietary interest, as the case may be, be paid to the mortgagee, and the mortgagee shall be liable to account therefor as if the payment or share and the interest thereon had been respectively proceeds of sale of that proprietary interest arising under a power of sale exercisable by the mortgagee and interest on such proceeds, except that the mortgagee shall not be entitled to credit for any costs incurred by him in connection with the claiming, ascertainment, apportionment or making of the payment.

28

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Notification of damage and claims for

payments.

(5) The value which a proprietary interest in a hereditament is to be taken by virtue of subsection (3) of this section to have had immediately before the occurrence of war damage, or immediately thereafter, shall be such as may be determined by agreement between the owners of proprietary interests in the hereditament, together with any mortgagee of any such interest, or, in default of agreement, by reference to one of the panel of referees appointed under Part I of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, and the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to any such reference.

(6) Where any sum has been paid under the last preceding section on any date on account of a share of a value payment, there shall, on the discharge of the payment, be brought into hotchpot and accounted for accordingly, in addition to that sum, an amount equal to any interest which would have accrued thereon after that date if it had not been so paid.

(7) The right to receive a payment under this Part of this Act in respect of war damage or a share of such a payment shall be transmissible by assignment or by operation of law as a personal right, but an assignment in whole or in part of any such payment or share, made either before or after the commencement of this Act, whether absolutely or by way of charge, other than an assignment which does not affect any beneficial interest in the payment or share or in any part thereof, shall be of no effect until it has been approved in writing by the Commission.

10. — (1) Regulations may be made by the Treasury—

(a) as to the notification of the occurrence of war damage to land, and of particulars of such damage and of the land affected thereby; and

(b) as to the making of claims for payments under this Part

of this Act, and the information to be furnished for the purpose of the investigation thereof and of the determination and ascertainment of the kind and the amount of the payment to be made in respect of any war damage and of the person entitled to receive the payment or any share thereof, and as to the manner in which such information is to be verified.

(2) Regulations made under this section may specify limits of time for the giving of such notification as aforesaid, for the making of such claims as aforesaid, or for the observance of the requirements of the regulations as to any other matter:

Provided that the Commission shall have power in their discretion to extend any limit of time so specified in particular cases.

(3) Regulations made under this section may provide for rendering the right to receive a payment under this Part of this

1941.

War Damage Ch. 12. 29

Act, 1941.

Act, or a share of such a payment, conditional on the requirements Part I. of the regulations having been duly observed : —cont.

Provided that the Commission shall have power to waive any of the said requirements in particular cases, and to make payments under this Part of this Act notwithstanding that any of them have not been observed.

(4) The power to make regulations as to the matters specified in the preceding provisions of this section shall include power to make regulations as to any of those matters in relation to war damage sustained before the coming into force of the regulations, and provision shall be made by the regulations for securing, so far as may be, that action taken before the coming into force of the regulations in relation to any of those matters shall not be required to be repeated after the coming into force thereof.

11. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions Commission of this Part of this Act, the Commission shall not be required to enter- not >be tain a claim by any person for a payment in respect of war damage to a hereditament, being damage in respect of which a payment of for

cost of works is the appropriate payment, if the total cost of payments of executing works on the hereditament in relation to such war damage under five which was incurred by him and which would apart from this provision P°unds* be the subject either of a payment of cost of works or of a temporary works payment is less than five pounds:

Provided that, in the case of a person who has incurred such cost as aforesaid in relation to war damage sustained by the same hereditament on two or more occasions, or in executing works on two or more developed hereditaments in the same area, the whole of such cost shall be taken into account together for the purposes of this subsection.

In this subsection the expression " area" means the area of

a local authority for the purposes of Part II of the Housing Act, 26 Geo. 5- & I9s6 i Edw. 8.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, the Commission shall not be required to entertain a claim for a payment in respect of war damage to a hereditament not being a developed hereditament, being damage in respect of which the appropriate payment is a value payment, if the total amount of the depreciation in the value of the hereditament caused by the war damage, and of the cost of executing works on the hereditament in relation to such war damage which apart from this provision would be the subject of a temporary works payment, is less than five pounds:

Provided that, in the case of such a hereditament which sustains war damage on two or more occasions, the said depreciation and cost attributable to the war damage occurring on those occasions respectively shall be taken into account together for the purposes of

30

Part I.

— con.

Provision

for

deduction from payment, &c., for failure to minimize damage.

Wages and conditions of employment for works the subject of payments under Part I.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

this subsection, and, if the hereditament also sustains war damage in respect of which a payment of cost of works is the appropriate payment, the amount of that payment shall be included in the said total for those purposes.

12. — (1) If war damage to a hereditament is increased by failure on the part of the owner of, or any person interested in, a proprietary interest in the hereditament or any part thereof (including a mortgagee of such an interest) to take any steps for preserving the hereditament or that part thereof which he might reasonably have been expected to take after the happening of the event from which the damage results, the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) Where a value payment is to be made in respect of the war damage, both the actual depreciation in the value of the hereditament caused thereby and the depreciation that would have been caused if the damage had not been increased as aforesaid shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of sections three and six of this Act and the difference shall be deducted from the payment, or, if it is payable in two or more shares, from the share apportioned to the relevant proprietary interest:

Provided that where the person in default was a mortgagee, if the mortgage is subsisting when the payment is discharged, the mortgagee shall be liable to account as if the payment or share had been paid in full, and, if it is not then subsisting, the payment or share shall be paid in full and an amount equal to the said difference shall be recoverable as a debt due to his Majesty from the person in default.

(3) Where a payment of cost of works is to be made in respect of the war damage the amount by which the proper cost of the works executed for making it good is increased by reason of the failure shall be determined by the Commission and that amount shall be deducted from so much (if any) of the payment as would otherwise have been payable to the person in default, and, so. far as not so deducted, shall be recoverable as a debt due to His Majesty from him.

13. — (1) The Commission may specify requirements as to contracts for the execution of works, the cost of which may be the subject of a payment of cost of works or the execution of which may be the subject of. an undertaking required in relation to the receipt of a value payment by virtue of section seven of this Act, and requirements as to the engagement of employees by persons undertaking directly the execution of such works, for securing that the wages and conditions of employment of persons employed in the execution thereof are regulated in like manner as those of persons employed in the execution of works under contracts made by Government departments.

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

31

(2) Such requirements as aforesaid shall be observed, as a condition of the right to receive the payment of cost of works or as a term of the undertaking, as the case may be, in such cases as the Commission may specify generally by notice published in such manner as they think best for informing persons likely to be affected and in any other cases in which the Commission require observance thereof by notice given or sent to the claimant for the payment in question.

Additional provisions as to payments in certain cases.

14. — (1) If, when the discharge of value payments generally or in substantial volume has become permissible, it appears to the Commission that, having regard to any circumstances arising since the passing of this Act, the amounts of any such payments computed as provided by section three of this Act are inadequate, the Commission shall make a report to the Treasury stating that they are of that opinion, the circumstances to which they have had regard in forming it, and the deductions which they draw therefrom.

(2) On receipt from the Commission of any such report the Treasury shall consider the report, and shall have power by order to direct that the amounts of value payments which would otherwise be computed as provided by section three of this Act shall, either in all cases or in such classes of cases as may be specified in the order, be increased by a sum equal to such proportion of the amount computed as aforesaid as may be specified in the order.

(3) An order under this section as to any value payments shall have effect in relation to any such payment whether made before or after the coming into force of the order.

(4) The Treasury shall publish in such manner as they think fit any report made to them under subsection (1) of this section as soon as may be after they have made an order in pursuance thereof or have determined to make no order thereon.

(5) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by any subsequent order made by the Treasury:

Provided that no person shall be liable in consequence of an order made by virtue of this subsection to repay any sum paid to him before the coming into force thereof.

(6) An order under this section may make provision for any such modification of the provisions of this Act relating to the discharge of value payments, or to the computation of the interest thereon, as may appear to the Treasury to be requisite in consequence of the making of the order.

(7) An order made under this section shall be of no effect until it has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

Pari I.

—cont.

Power to increase amount of value payments on Commission's report as to altered circumstances.

32

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—coni. Payments in respect of tenancies in hereditaments of exceptional site value.

Payments in respect of land compulsorily acquired whilst in a damaged condition.

15. — (1) Where a developed hereditament sustains war damage in respect of which the appropriate payment would be a value payment, but, owing to the value as a vacant site of land comprised in the hereditament, the value of the hereditament in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the damage is no less than its value in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage, if a tenancy being a proprietary interest was then subsisting in the hereditament and the Commission are satisfied that the time which it then had to run was sufficiently short to render it probable that the hereditament would have remained in its existing form during that time apart from war damage, they may, if they think fit, make in respect of the tenancy a payment of such kind and amount as appears to them to be reasonable in view of the value thereof.

(2) Paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section seven of this Act, section eight thereof, and subsection (4) of section nine thereof, shall have effect in relation to a payment to be made under this section as they have effect in relation to a value payment, and a payment to be so made shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of section nine of this Act, be made to the person who. was, immediately before the occurrence of the damage, the owner of the tenancy.

16. — (1) If any land constituting or forming part of a hereditament which has sustained war damage in respect of which a payment of cost of works would be the appropriate payment, but which has not been fully made good, is acquired compulsorily by virtue of an enactment passed before the passing of this Act, and compensation for the acquisition falls to be determined by reference to the value of the land in its damaged state (without regard to the prospective right of a purchaser to payment of the cost of making the damage good), the payment to be made under this Part of this Act in respect of the damage to the land acquired shall be of an amount equal to what would have been permissible for the payment of cost of works (so far as attributable to the land acquired if it is part only of the hereditament), and shall be made in the form of—

(a) a payment of cost of works in respect of any works for making

good the damage executed before the date of the notice to treat or other the date on which the acquisition became obligatory, in so far as the proper cost thereof falls within the said permissible amount; and

(b) a value payment of an amount equal to the residue of the

said permissible amount, or, if no such works were so executed, to the whole thereof.

(2) In a case in which the preceding subsection has effect, section five of this Act shall have effect in relation to works reasonably executed for temporarily meeting the circumstances created by the damage to the land acquired, being works, other than those taken

1941. War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

into account under paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, executed between the occurrence of the damage and the date mentioned in that paragraph, and in relation to such works only.

(3) Any question arising in giving effect to this section shall be determined by the Commission.

17. The preceding provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect, in relation to war damage occurring on two or more occasions during the risk period and affecting the same hereditament, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, and the provisions of that Schedule relating to physical changes not directly due to war damage, but affecting the determination of the amount of a payment in respect of such damage, shall have effect.

Contribution towards expense of making payments.

18. Contributions towards the expense of making payments under this Part of this Act in respect of war damage shall be made in respect of the properties, at the rates and in the manner specified in the following provisions of this Part of this Act.

19. — (1) The properties liable to the said contributions (hereinafter referred to as " contributory properties") shall, save as otherwise provided in this Part of this Act, be every property—

(a) the full annual value of which was ascertained for the

purposes of an assessment under Schedule A in force at any time during the risk period; or

(b) which, not being a property to which paragraph (a)

of this subsection applies, was, at any time during the risk period, the subject of a valuation shown in a valuation list for the time being in force under the Rating and Valuation Acts, 1925 to 1940, or the Rating and Valuation (Metropolis) Acts, 1869 to 1940, as the case may be:

Provided that a property shall not be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as a contributory property—

(i) if the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph

(b) of this subsection are satisfied as respects the property by reason only of the use of any land for the exhibition of advertisements, or for the erection of any hoarding, frame, post, wall or structure used for the exhibition of advertisements; or

(ii) if the property consisted of a fishery; or

(iii) if the property consisted of any corn-rent or other rent-charge issuing out of land,

so, however, that nothing in paragraph (ii) of this proviso shall affect any liability to the said contributions in respect of properties

C

33

Part I.

—cont.

Payments in respect of land

sustaining

repeated

damage.

Contribution to be made towards expense of maldng payments.

Properties liable to contribution.

34

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part L consisting of or including such fishing rights as are mentioned —coni‘ in section six of the Rating Act, 1874.

37 3

Vict. c. 54. (2) The amount on which the contribution is to be calculated

in respect of each contributory property (hereinafter referred to as " the contributory value ") shall be—

(a) in the case of a property to which paragraph (a) of the

preceding subsection applies, the amount of the net assessment for the purposes of Schedule A on the first day during the risk period on which an assessment for those purposes was in force;

(b) in the case of a property to which paragraph (b) of the

preceding subsection applies, the net annual value shown in the valuation list during the risk period, or, where that value varies, the first such value:

Provided that, where the net annual value and the rateable value are not separately shown, the references in paragraph (b) of this subsection to the net annual value shall be taken to be references to the rateable value, except in the case of properties which were in the risk period industrial hereditaments in the occupation of the Crown, where the said references shall be taken to be references to such multiple of the rateable value as the Treasury may determine to be the net annual value.

(3) Where, apart from the provisions of this subsection, the contributory value of any contributory property would, under either paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection, be computed by reference to an amount corresponding to the value of the property for any period less than a full year, it shall be computed as if the said amount were increased so as to bear to the actual amount thereof the same proportion as a full year bears to the said period.

(4) Where—

(a) a property which was throughout the risk period, used

mainly or exclusively for the purpose of open air games, open air racing or open air recreation, comprised, at the beginning of that period, buildings or works the cost of which amounted to five thousand pounds or more, or

(b) a property which in the opinion of the Minister of Agricul-

ture and Fisheries consisted throughout the risk period of waste land or land valuable only for the purpose of taking fish, game or other animals fit for human consumption or land whose value for other purposes is small in comparison with its value for the said purpose, comprised a dwelling-house, the buildings or works and the site thereof or, as the case may be, the dwelling-house and its offices (if any) and the site thereof, on the one hand, and the remainder of the property on the other

1941*

War Damage v

Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

35

hand, shall be treated as separate properties and the contributory values of each ascertained by apportioning what would have been the contributory value of the whole property.

Any such apportionment shall be made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, but any person who is aggrieved by any such apportionment may appeal to the Special Commissioners.

(5) In this section, the expression " net assessment" means the full annual -value as ascertained for the purposes of an assessment under Schedule A, less any sums on which relief was allowed under Rules 1, 4 and 7 of No. V of Schedule A or subsection (6) of section thirteen of the Tithe Act, 1936, and less any sums on which relief would have been allowable in respect of an annuity under section four of the Tithe Act, 1918, or of payments in respect of the redemption or reduction of an annuity under the Tithe Act, 1936, if relief in respect of so much of such an annuity or such payments as represents interest were in all cases given by way of reduction of an assessment under Schedule A in lieu of being given by a right of deduction of tax.

(6) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) an assessment under Schedule A shall be treated as having been in force during the period as respects which it has effect; and

(b) a valuation shown in a valuation list shall be treated as having been shown in the list during the period as respects which the valuation has effect.

20. — (1) The contribution in respect of any contributory property shall be payable by five annual instalments becoming due in the year nineteen hundred and forty-one’and each of the four subsequent years.

« l

(2) The instalment for each of the said years shall become due on the first day of July in that year, but in relation to any such instalment regard shall be had, in so far as the provisions of this Part of this Act and of the Fourth Schedule thereto expressly so provide, to the circumstances prevailing on the first day of January in that year (hereinafter referred to as " the relevant date ").

(3) The amount of each instalment shall be two shillings in every pound of the contributory value of the contributory property:

Provided that in the case of a contributory property—

(a) which consisted throughout the risk period of agricultural

land or agricultural buildings; or

(b) which consisted throughout the risk period of land used

mainly or exclusively for the purpose of open air games, open air racing or open air recreation; or

Part I.

—cont.

26 Geo. 5.

& 1 Edw. 8. c. 43.

8 & 9 Geo.5. c. 54.

Amount of contribution and time for payment thereof.

36

Part I.

—cont.

Temporary use or occupation of land to be disregarded.

Increase or reduction of contribution.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(c) which in the opinion of the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries consisted throughout the risk period of waste land or land valuable only for the purpose of taking fish, game or other animals fit for human consumption, or land whose value for other purposes is small in comparison with its value for the said purpose; or

(d) which falls as to part thereof within any of the preceding paragraphs and as to the remainder thereof within any other of those paragraphs; or

(e) which consisted of such rights as are mentioned in section

six of the Rating Act, 1874 (which relates to shooting, fishing and other rights) or of any other incorporeal rights,

the amount of each instalment shall be sixpence in every pound of the contributory value, but nothing in paragraph (e) of this proviso shall be construed as affecting the amount of an instalment in respect of a property which was the subject of a valuation for rating purposes by virtue of the occupation of land.

The reference in this subsection to land used mainly or exclusively for the purpose of open air games, open air racing or open air recreation does not include any buildings, works or sites which are by virtue of the last preceding section to be treated as a separate property as being comprised in a property used mainly or exclusively for the purpose mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of that section; and nothing in the proviso to this subsection shall apply to a dwelling-house which is by virtue of the said section to be treated as a separate property as being comprised in such a property as is referred to in paragraph (b) of the said subsection (4).

21.—Where the normal use or occupation of any land is such that it would fall within paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (3) of section twenty of this Act, then if and so long as it is temporarily diverted from such use or occupation by reason of circumstances arising from war, the land shall be deemed for the purposes of sections nineteen and twenty of this Act to be used or occupied as it is normally used or occupied.

22. — (1) The Treasury may from time to time (whether during, or after the expiration of, the risk period) make estimates of the expected net receipts of the Exchequer under this Part of this Act on the one hand and the expected payments under this Part of this Act on the other hand.

(2) If on any such estimate it appears that the said expected net receipts fall short of half of the said expected payments, the

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

37

Treasury may (whether or not any previous order has been made under this section) by order—

(a) increase the number of instalments;

(b) increase the proportion which each remaining instalment

is to bear to the contributory value; or

(c) increase both that number and that proportion, to such extent as will in their opinion make good the deficiency:

Provided that an order increasing the said proportion shall be so made as to secure that the proportion in the case of properties to which the proviso to subsection (3) of section twenty of this Act applies is always one-quarter of the proportion in the case of other properties.

(3) An order under this section shall be of no effect until it has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(4) If on such an estimate as aforesaid the said expected net receipts exceed the said expected payments, such provision shall be made for the reduction of the receipts as Parliament may determine.

(5) In estimating net receipts and payments under this section—

(a) there shall be left out of account contributions and payments made in accordance with section thirty-nine, forty or forty-one of this Act;

(ft) any sums which, in accordance with any of the provisions of this Act, are discharged by a credit in account in lieu of being paid by the Commission, shall be included among the payments;

(c) where a value payment is reduced by any amount in respect of instalments of contribution, the net receipts shall be calculated as if that amount had been actually received, and the payments shall be computed as if the reduction in the value payment had not been made.

Persons liable for contribtUton.

23. — (1) An instalment of contribution becoming due in any year in respect of any contributory property shall, save as otherwise provided in this Part of this Act—

(a) if there is at the relevant date only one proprietary interest subsisting in the whole of that property, be payable by the owner at that date of that interest;

(ft) if there is then subsisting therein more than one such interest, be payable by the owner at that date of that one of those interests which as against the owners of the remainder of those interests carries the right to possession of the whole of the property.

Part I.

—cont.

Persons primarily liable for instalments.

38

Part I. —coni.

Rights over against landlords and

tenants.

Rights over against mortgagees in certain cases.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(2) The person who is liable as aforesaid in respect of any instalment on any property is hereinafter referred to as a " direct contributor".

24. The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for determining the ultimate incidence of the liability for instalments of contribution as between the direct contributor and other persons having proprietary interests in the contributory property.

25. — (1) Where the interest of a direct or indirect contributor in respect of a contributory property to which this section applies is at the relevant date subject to a mortgage to which this section applies, and the amount secured by the mortgage at the relevant date is more than one third of the price of acquisition of that interest, he shall be entitled to be indemnified by the mortgagee to the following extent, that is to say—

(a) if the amount secured by the mortgage at the relevant date

does not exceed one half of the said price, against one sixth of his net liability;

(b) if the said amount exceeds one half, but does not exceed

two thirds, of the said price, against one third of his net liability;

(c) if the said amount exceeds two thirds, but does not exceed

three quarters, of the said price, against half his net liability;

(d) if the said amount exceeds three quarters of the said price, against two thirds of his net liability.

In this section and in the following provisions of this Act—

(1) the expression " indirect contributor" means a person who is liable under any of the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act to give an indemnity;

(ii) the expression " net liability " means, in relation to a direct contributor, the liability of the contributor for the instalment in question reduced by the gross amount of any indemnities to which he is entitled under the said provisions, and, in relation to an indirect contributor, the amount of the indemnity which, under the said provisions, he is bound to give, less the gross amount of any indemnities which, under the said provisions, he is entitled to receive.

(2) Where the interest of a direct or indirect contributor in respect of a contributory property to which this section applies is at the relevant date subject to successive mortgages to which this section applies, then, in considering whether the contributor is entitled to any and, if so, what indemnity against the mortgagee under any such mortgage other than the first mortgage of the

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

39

interest, subsection (1) of this section shall be construed as if for the references therein to the net liability of the direct or indirect contributor there were substituted references to his net liability reduced by the aggregate of the gross amounts of any indemnities to which he is entitled under this section in respect of any such prior mortgages as aforesaid.

(3) Where the interest of a direct or indirect contributor in respect of a contributory property to which this section applies is at the relevant date subject to a mortgage to which this section applies, but is not the only property subject to that mortgage, then, in considering whether, in accordance with subsection (1) and subsection (2) of this section, the contributor is entitled to any, and if so, what indemnity against the mortgagee under that mortgage, the said subsection (1) shall be construed as if for the references therein to the amount secured by that mortgage at that date there were substituted references to an amount which bears to that amount the same proportion as the price of acquisition of that interest bears to the aggregate of the price of acquisition of the interest and of the value of all the other property (whether real or personal) then subject to that mortgage.

(4) This section applies to a contributory property the contributory value of which does not exceed one hundred and fifty pounds and which consists of or comprises premises used or suitable for use for residential purposes, and to a contributory property the contributory value of which does not exceed five hundred pounds and which consists solely or mainly of agricultural land or agricultural buildings or of such land and such buildings:

Provided that this section shall not apply to a contributory property by virtue of its comprising premises used for residential purposes if their use for those purposes is connected with, and subsidiary to, the use for other purposes of those premises or of some other part of the property.

(5) This section applies to a mortgage of the interest of a direct or indirect contributor which was created to secure a capital sum (whether with or without interest) on the occasion of, and in connection with, the acquisition of that interest by the contributor or a predecessor in title of his, or on the occasion of, and in connection with, the execution of any works of construction or improvement for the benefit of the contributory property, or was substituted for a mortgage so created:

Provided that this section does not apply to a mortgage which was created on the occasion of, and in connection with, the acquisition by a person of an interest in, or on the occasion of, and in connection with, the execution of any such works as aforesaid for the benefit of, more than one contributory property, or was substituted for a mortgage so created.

Part I.

—cont.

40

Part I.

—cont.

Ch. 12. t War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(6) In relation to a case-*

(a) where the mortgage was created on the occasion of, and in connection with, the execution of any such works as aforesaid, or was substituted for a mortgage so created; or

(1 b)where the mortgage was created on the occasion of, and in connection with, the acquisition of the interest at any time before the first day of January nineteen hundred and thirty-two, or was substituted for a mortgage so created, and (in either case) the value of the interest is at the relevant date less than four fifths of the price of acquisition of the interest; or

(c) where the mortgage was created on the occasion of, and in connection with, the acquisition of the interest, or was substituted for a mortgage so created, and at the time of the acquisition of the interest the person acquiring the interest was entitled to a tenancy which on the acquisition merged in the interest acquired,

the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if any reference to the price of acquisition of the interest were a reference to the value of the interest.

(7) Where a claim for indemnification under this section is made by a direct or indirect contributor in respect of a contributory property to which this section applies, as being a property which consists of or comprises premises used, or suitable for use, for residential purposes, and a dispute arises as to the value of the interest of the contributor or of any other property subject to the mortgage, then, if a request in that behalf is made to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue by the contributor and the mortgagee, the Commissioners may certify the value of the interest or other property in question, and the determination of the Commissioners shall be final and conclusive for the purpose of this section as between the contributor and the mortgagee.

(8) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the price of acquisition of an interest of a direct or indirect contributor which is subject to a mortgage which was created on the occasion of, and in connection with, the acquisition of the interest, or was substituted for a mortgage so created, shall be taken to be the amount of any capital sum paid as consideration for the acquisition in question;

(b) the amount secured by a mortgage at any date shall be

taken to be the capital sum secured thereby, together with any costs or arrears of interest so secured;

(c) the value of any property (including the interest of a direct or indirect contributor) which is subject to a mortgage

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

to which this section applies shall be taken to be the value which that property would have had in the open market at the end of March nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, if it had then been subsisting with the like incidents in all respects as it had on the relevant date, other than its being subject to that mortgage;

(d) a mortgage shall be deemed to have been substituted for another mortgage if it was substituted for a mortgage which itself was substituted therefor.

26. — (1) An instalment of contribution becoming due in any year in respect of a contributory property consisting of such rights over any land as are mentioned in section six of the Rating Act, 1874, or of any other incorporeal rights over any land, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, in all cases be paid by the direct contributor in respect of the instalment of contribution for that year on the contributory property comprising the land, and the provisions of this Act relating to the recovery and ultimate incidence of instalments of contribution shall apply as if the instalment on the rights formed part of the instalment on the land:

Provided that where the land is comprised in more than one contributory property—

(a) if the same person is not the direct contributor in respect of all the contributory properties comprising the land, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, in consultation with the rating authority for the area in which those properties are situated, shall apportion to each property or group of properties having a separate direct contributor such proportion of the instalment on the rights as, having regard to the contributory values of the properties, they may determine;

(b) the said Commissioners, in consultation with the authority aforesaid, shall, on the application of any person interested as, or as a mortgagee of, a direct or indirect contributor in respect of any of the properties, certify the proportion of the instalment on the rights which, having regard to the contributory values of the properties, is apportionable to the property in question,

and the provisions of this subsection, other than the proviso thereto, shall apply as if the proportion of the instalment on the rights apportioned, or certified to be apportionable, to any of the properties were an instalment in respect of such rights as aforesaid over land wholly comprised in that property.

(2) Where a direct contributor in respect of a contributory property comprising land who would be under a liability under the last preceding subsection to pay an instalment, or an apportioned part of an instalment, on any such rights over the land as are mentioned in that subsection proves that the contributory value of the

41

Part I.

—cont.

Liability for instalments in case of shooting, fishing, and other rights.

42

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I. property took into account the value of all or any of the rights, or —cont’ fell to be computed by reference to an assessment or valuation in

force at a time when the rights were not subsisting, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall give to the contributor such relief, by way of reducing or discharging the said liability, as appears to them just having regard to the extent to which the rights were taken into account as aforesaid or, as the case may be, to the fact that the contributory value of the property fell to be computed as aforesaid.

(3) Where a direct contributor in respect of a contributory property who would be under a liability under subsection (1) of this section to pay an instalment, or an apportioned part of an instalment, on any such rights over any land as are mentioned in section six of the Rating Act, 1874, proves that the fee simple in the contributory property comprising the rights was severed from the fee simple in the contributory property comprising the land, the liability in respect of the rights shall be discharged.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the two last preceding subsections, an instalment of contribution on a contributory property consisting of such rights as aforesaid shall be payable notwithstanding that at the relevant date the rights no longer subsist, or, in the case of sucft rights as are mentioned in section six of the Rating Act, 1874, are no longer severed from the occupation of the land.

(5) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section shall be construed as affecting any liability for an instalment of contribution in respect of a property which was the subject of a valuation for rating purposes by virtue of the occupation of land.

Recovery of instalments from

mortgagees

in

possession.

27. Where at the relevant date in any year—

(a) the proprietary interest in the whole of any contributory

property; or

(b) if there is then subsisting in the property more than one

such interest, that one of them which as between them carries the immediate right to possession of the whole of the property,

is subject to a mortgage, and under the mortgage the mortgagee is in possession of the property or the mortgagee or a receiver is in receipt of the whole of the rents and profits incident to the mortgaged interest, the instalment of contribution becoming due in that year in respect of the property shall be payable by the mortgagee, and—

(i) the mortgagee shall be entitled to the like rights against any

landlord or tenant of the mortgagor, and against any other mortgagee of the interest, as the mortgagor would have had if the instalment had been payable by him, and

(ii) the amount of the instalment, reduced by the aggregate of any amounts which the mortgagee is entitled to recover by virtue of paragraph (i) of this section and of any amount

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

43

which the mortgagor would have been entitled by virtue of section twenty-five of this Act to recover from the mortgagee if the instalment had been payable by the mortgagor, shall be treated, except for the purpose of computing what amount, if any, the mortgagor would have been entitled to recover as aforesaid in respect of the instalment in question, as an addition to the capital sum secured by the mortgage.

28. — (1) Where a direct or indirect contributor in respect of a contributory property who is a tenant of the property or whose interest therein is subject to a mortgage is entitled to an indemnity under the Fourth Schedule to, or this Part of, this Act from any person as being at the relevant date his landlord or mortgagee, he may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, deduct the amount of the indemnity from any instalment of rent or any payment (whether of interest or capital) under the mortgage, as the case may be, falling due to the said person on or after the date on which the contributor became entitled to recover the said amount.

(2) Where, in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, any person makes a deduction from any instalment of rent or payment under a mortgage, so much of the instalment or payment as is represented by the deduction shall be treated as having been actually paid and the said person shall be acquitted and discharged thereof accordingly.

Miscellaneous provisions as to contribution.

29. — (1) If, in the case of any contributory property comprising land, there is at the relevant date in any year no proprietary interest subsisting in respect of the whole of the property, the instalment for that year for that property shall be apportioned among such parts of the property, and in such proportions, as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may determine, and the provisions of this Part of this Act and of the Fourth Schedule thereto relating to the recovery and the ultimate incidence of instalments of contributions shall apply in relation to the parts of the property in question, and of the instalment apportioned thereto, as if each of those parts were a separate contributory property and as if the apportioned part of the instalment were an instalment in respect thereof.

(2) Any person who is aggrieved by any apportionment made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this section may appeal to the Special Commissioners.

30. — (1) Where, by reason of an alteration in the areas of any units of land as respects which annual values are ascertained for the purposes of Schedule A, assessments for those purposes which have been in force at any time during the risk period cease to be in force and are replaced by other assessments

Part I.

—cont.

Deduction of indemnities from rent and mortgage payments.

Properties in divided ownership at relevant date.

Alteration during risk period in area or condition of properties.

44

Part I.

—cont.

Provisions as to instalments of contribution for 1941.

Power to pay contribution in advance.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

for those purposes in force at any such time as aforesaid, the replaced assessments shall be disregarded for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) Where, by reason of any alteration in the condition of a unit of land the annual value of which is ascertained for the purposes of Schedule A, an assessment for those purposes in respect of that unit which has been in force at any time during the risk period ceases to be in force and is replaced by another assessment for those purposes in force at any such time as aforesaid, then—

(a) if the amount of the new assessment is less than the

amount of the assessment replaced, the new assessment;

(b) in any other case, the assessment replaced,

shall be disregarded for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(3) In relation to the instalments of contribution falling due in any year, references in this Part of this Act and in the Fourth Schedule thereto to an interest at the relevant date in that year in a contributory property shall be construed as references to an interest in the site of the property together with any buildings or works thereon at that date, and references to an interest in part of a contributory property shall be construed as references to an interest in any part of the site, buildings or works.

References in this subsection to the site of a property include references to the space occupied by the property, and references to buildings or works on the site include references to buildings or works occupying the whole or any part of that space.

31. In considering, in relation to the instalments of contribution falling due in the year nineteen hundred and forty-one—

(a) whether any property is a contributory property,

(6) what is the contributory value of any contributory property,

(c) for what purposes a contributory property was used, or of what kind of land or buildings it consisted, throughout the risk period,

the risk period shall be deemed to have ended with the first day of January nineteen hundred and forty-one.

32. — (1) Any person may pay in advance to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue any sum on account of so much of the contribution as is still outstanding in respect of any property, and the sum paid, together with the proper interest thereon, shall be applied in or towards the discharge of the instalment next falling due after the payment, and, in so far as the said sum and interest exceed the amount of that instalment, the balance, together with the proper interest thereon, shall be applied in or towards

1941. War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

the discharge of the next instalment, and so on; and where the amount of any instalment is reduced by reason of any payment in advance under this section the provisions of this Part of this Act and of the Fourth Schedule thereto shall apply in relation thereto as if the reduced amount were the whole of the instalment.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the proper interest on any sum paid under this section is

an amount equal to one halfpenny for each complete pound of the sum paid for each complete month in the period beginning with the date of the payment and ending with the day before the date of the instalment next falling due;

(b) the proper interest on the balance remaining after the

discharge of any instalment is an amount equal to one halfpenny for each complete pound of the balance for each complete month of the period beginning with the date on which that instalment fell due and ending with the day before the date of the instalment next falling due.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, the full amount of any interest allowed under this section shall be allowed without deduction of income tax; but the person to whom the interest is allowed shall be assessed and charged to income tax under Case III of Schedule D on the full amount of the interest.

33. — (1) Where a value payment is made in respect of any hereditament, the amount of the payment shall be reduced by so much of any contribution in respect of any property comprised wholly within that hereditament as has not been paid (which, in so far as it consists of instalments which have not become due at the time when the value payment is made, shall be treated for the purpose of the last preceding section as one instalment then becoming due), and no person shall be under any liability to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in respect of so much of the contribution as has not been paid, or, save as provided by subsection (2) of this section, to give any indemnity in respect thereof.

(2) Where the preceding subsection has effect in the case of a contributory property to which section twenty-five of this Act applies, and a proprietary interest in the hereditament was subject immediately before the occurrence of the war damage to a mortgage to which that section applies and which is subsisting when the value payment is discharged, the owner of that interest shall be entitled to the like indemnity from the mortgagee against the reduction of the value payment, or of his share thereof, as the case may be, which results from the operation of the preceding subsection as he would have been entitled to have from the mortgagee if the amount of that reduction had been a net liability

45

Part I.

—cont.

Provisions as to

recovery of contribution on properties rendered unfit.

46

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I. —ccmt.

Indemnities payable and

recoverable notwithstanding agreements to contrary.

Rights enforceable notwithstanding transmission of interest.

Commissioners of Inland Revenue to collect contribution.

of his as a contributor for an instalment and the date of the discharge of the value payment had been the relevant date.

(3) Where the Commissioners of Inland Revenue receive notice from the Commission that it is likely that a value payment will fall to be made in respect of any hereditament, the Commissioners shall take no steps to recover the whole or any part of any instalment of contribution falling due in respect of any property comprised wholly within that hereditament unless and until they receive notice from the Commission that a value payment will not be made in respect of the hereditament.

(4) Where the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied that a property is unfit by reason of war damage, they shall take no steps to recover the whole or any part of any instalment of contribution falling due in respect thereof (notwithstanding that they may have received notice that a value payment will not be made in respect of a hereditament comprising it) unless and until they are satisfied that it has been rendered fit.

In this subsection the expressions " unfit " and " fit " have the same meanings as in the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act, 1939.

34. The provisions of this Part of this Act and of the Fourth Schedule thereto relating to the payment and recovery of indemnities in respect of the liability of a direct or indirect contributor for an instalment of contribution shall have effect notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, whether made before or after the instalment became due.

35. Where by the provisions of this Part of this Act or the Fourth Schedule thereto a right is conferred against or on any person on or against the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or any other person, and is so conferred by virtue of the first mentioned person being at any date the owner of any interest, or the landlord, tenant or mortgagee of any such owner, the right shall be enforceable notwithstanding that the first mentioned person has, since that date, died or otherwise ceased to be the owner, or the landlord, tenant or mortgagee of the owner, of the interest in question.

36. — (1) An instalment of contribution under this Part of this Act shall be assessed and collected by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(2) The said Commissioners may make regulations with respect to the assessment and collection of instalments and any such regulations may in particular apply with modifications any of the enactments relating to the assessment and collection of income tax (including enactments relating to the assessment and collection of tax in the case of incapacitated persons, deceased persons and persons not resident in the United Kingdom and in

1941*

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

47

the case of property under the direction and control of a receiver appointed by the court) and provide for the assessment and collection of instalments by officers appointed by the Commissioners for that purpose.

(3) Any appeal to the Special Commissioners under this Part of this Act shall be brought and heard in accordance with the provisions of regulations made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this section.

(4) Any person authorised in that behalf by the said Commissioners may, for the purposes of assessing or collecting contributions under this Part of this Act, give notice to any person who is entitled to any rent or other annual payment in respect of any land, or is in receipt of any rent or other annual payment belonging to any other person, or is in possession of, or entitled to the possession of, any land, requiring him to deliver within the time limited by the notice, and in such form as may be prescribed by the said Commissioners, such particulars relating to the land and to the interests of persons therein, as may be prescribed by those Commissioners.

(5) Any person who fails to comply with the requirements of a notice given under this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(6) Any person who, being required under this section to furnish any information, makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, shall be guilty of an offence and, unless indicted therefor, liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

Special provisions as to certain classes of .

37. — (1) Except in the following case, that is to say, where at the relevant date in any year there belongs to His Majesty in right of the Crown, or belongs to a Government department or is held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, every proprietary interest in a contributory property (other than a property, or a property of a class, designated for the purposes of this subsection by the Treasury), instalments of contribution and indemnities in respect thereof shall be paid and given by and to the Crown in respect 6f any proprietary interest belonging to His Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belonging to a Government department or held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, as if that interest had belonged to a subject of the realm.

Part I.

—cont.

Crown

land.

48

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I. —cont.

Land belonging to foreign States and Sovereigns, &c.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 7.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 4.

(2) No payment shall be made under this Part of this Act in respect of war damage occurring to a hereditament wherein, immediately before the occurrence of the damage, every proprietary interest belongs to His Majesty in right of the Crown, or belongs to a Government department or is held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, not being a hereditament, or a hereditament of a class, designated for the purposes of this subsection by the Treasury.

38. — (1) No claim for any instalment of contribution in respect of any contributory property or for any indemnity in respect of any such instalment shall be maintained by or against a foreign State, the Sovereign of a foreign State, the envoy of a foreign State accredited to His Majesty, a member of the retinue of such an envoy, a person to whom immunities and privileges are for the time being extended under section one or two of the Diplomatic Privileges (Extension) Act, 1941, the High Commissioner for a Dominion (as defined for the purposes of the Statute of Westminster, 1931), India or Southern Rhodesia, or the Agent-General for a state or province forming part of a Dominion (as so defined).

(2) Where at the relevant date in any year any such State or person as aforesaid is the owner of a proprietary interest in the whole or any part of any contributory property, and but for its or his special character as such it or he would have been both—

(a) under a liability as a direct or indirect contributor

in respect of that property in respect of the instalment of contribution for that year; and

(b) entitled by virtue of this Part of this Act to any indemnity

from any landlord or tenant in respect of the said instalment,

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or other person to whom it or he would have been under that liability shall be entitled to the same rights against that landlord or tenant (and that landlord or tenant against his landlord or tenant, and so on) as the State or person (or, as the case may be, the landlord or tenant) would have been entitled to if the State or person had not been entitled to any special treatment in respect of the instalment by reason of its or his special character as such and had duly discharged its or his liability as a direct, or, as the case may be, an indirect, contributor. 3

(3) Where at the relevant date in any year any such State or person as aforesaid is the owner of a proprietary interest in the whole or any part of a contributory property, and under the foregoing provisions of this section the amount of the indemnities which any other person having a proprietary interest in the property or any part thereof is entitled to claim in respect of the instalment of contribution for that year is reduced by reason

1941* War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

of the special character as such of the State or person aforesaid, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall give to that other person such relief, whether by repayment or otherwise, as will make good the amount of the reduction.

References in this Part of this Act and the Fourth Schedule thereto to any indemnity to which any person is, or would have been, entitled in respect of an instalment of contribution shall be construed as including a reference to any relief to which he is, or would have been, entitled under this subsection.

(4) Where a proprietary interest in the whole or any part of a contributory property is held upon trust for the benefit of any such State or person as aforesaid only, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that interest and (so far as regards that interest) in relation to the person by whom it is so held as they have effect in relation to a proprietary interest in the ownership of such a State or person and to such a State or person.

39. — (1) Where at the relevant date in any year the following conditions are satisfied as respects any land which constitutes or forms part of a contributory property, that is to say,—

(a) that a proprietary interest in the land is held for charitable purposes to which this section applies, or for ecclesiastical purposes, and for such purposes only; and

(b) that the land, as distinct from rents and profits thereof, is used in any manner (including use in a manner involving the beneficial occupation of the land by any person) for or in connection with the carrying out of the purposes for which that interest is held, and not otherwise,

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall give such relief, by repayment or otherwise, to the owner of the said proprietary interest as is necessary to reduce his net liability in respect of that interest to nil, or, if the purposes for which the said interest is held are the advancement of education, learning, science or research only, or, if they include such purposes and the use of the land is solely or mainly for or in connection with the carrying out of such purposes, to one-third of its amount. 2 (б)

(2) The charitable purposes to which this section applies are

charitable purposes of any of the following kinds, that is to

say,—

(a) the relief of poverty;

(b) the making of provision for the cure or mitigation or

prevention of, or for the care of persons suffering from or subject to, any disease or infirmity or disability affecting human beings (including the care of women before, during, and after childbirth);

D

49

Part I.

—cont.

Land held for charitable purposes.

50

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

(c) the advancement of religion;

(d) the advancement of education, learning, science or research.

(3) No relief given under this section shall affect the existence or amount of any liability under this Part of this Act or the Fourth Schedule thereto of any person other than the owner of the proprietary interest in question.

(4) Where immediately before the occurrence of war damage to a hereditament the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (6) of subsection (1) of this section are satisfied as respects land which constitutes or forms part of the hereditament—

(a) if apart from this provision a value payment or a share of such a payment would be payable in respect of the damage under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act to the owner of the proprietary interest held for charitable purposes or to any other person in right of that interest, that payment or share, as the case may be, shall not be paid, but the Commission may if they think fit make, in Heu of that payment or share, a payment of such amount, to such person and subject to such conditions, as they may in their discretion determine after consultation with such persons or bodies (including, in the case of an interest in respect of which there is a one-third net liability for contribution, the owner thereof) as appear to them to be appropriate having regard to the nature of the purposes for which that interest is held;

(b) if apart from this provision a payment of cost of works

would be payable in respect of the damage under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, the Commission may in their discretion after such consultation as aforesaid, and, if the proprietary interest held for charitable purposes was not the only proprietary interest in the hereditament, after consultation with the owners of the other proprietary interests therein, determine either to make the payment, or to make in lieu thereof, or of any part thereof, a payment of such amount, to such person and subject to such conditions as they may determine, or not to make any payment in respect of the damage;

(c) in respect of the cost of any works reasonably executed for temporarily meeting the circumstances created by the damage as to which, in consequence of the preceding provisions of this subsection, the provisions of section five of this Act do not have effect, the Commission may make to the person by whom such cost is incurred such payment as appears to them to be requisite in order to confer upon him the like benefit as he would have had under the provisions of that section.

D

I941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(5) If and so long as land normally used as mentioned in

paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section is temporarily diverted

from such use by reason of circumstances arising from war, the land shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be used as it is normally used.

(6) A proprietary interest held—

(a) by a body having power to levy a rate or to issue a precept to a rating authority, for purposes for which it has that power;

(b) by a Government department, for purposes, for which public moneys may be applied; or

(c) by any person, if the expense of executing repairs on the land is defrayed wholly out of moneys being either moneys raised by rates or public moneys,

shall not be treated for the purposes of this section as held for charitable purposes.

(7) Any question arising in giving effect to the provisions of this section as to whether the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (6) of subsection (1) of this section are satisfied as respects any land at any time, or as to whether, or as to the extent to which, a proprietary interest is held for, or land is used for or in connection with, the purposes of the advancement of education, learning, science or research, shall be determined by the Commission:

Provided that the provisions of subsection (3) of section six of this Act as to appeals to the High Court on questions of law shall have effect in relation to a determination of the Commission under this subsection as they have effect in relation to a determination of the Commission under that section.

(8) If any conditions subject to which any sum is paid by the Commission under this section are not complied with, the sum paid shall be recoverable as money had and received to the use of His Majesty.

40. — (1) If at the relevant date in any year any contributory property is occupied mainly or exclusively for the purpose of the carrying on of an undertaking to which this section applies, no instalment of contribution shall be payable for that year in respect of that property.

(2) Such contributions towards the expense of making payments in respect of war damage shall be made in respect of properties to which subsection (1) of this section applies as Parliament may hereafter determine. 3

(3) If immediately before the occurrence of war damage to a hereditament the hereditament is occupied mainly or exclusively for the purpose of the carrying on of an undertaking to which this

51

Part I.

—cont.

Land occupied for purposes of certain undertakings.

52

Part 1.

—cont.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

section applies, no payment shall be made in respect of the damage under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, but—

(a) such payments shall be made in respect of war damage to hereditaments as respects which this subsection has effect as Parliament may hereafter determine; and

(b) the Commission may make to the persons carrying on the

undertakings in question payments towards the cost of works certified by the appropriate department to be urgently required for meeting the circumstances created by war damage to hereditaments in respect of which this subsection has effect, and any payments so made shall be taken as made in part satisfaction of the payments to be made as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(4) The undertakings to which this section applies are—

(a) public utility undertakings;

(b) except in so far as Parliament may hereafter determine, any undertaking of such a character that the valuation for rating purposes of hereditaments in which the undertaking is carried on is made by reference to the accounts, receipts, profits or output of the undertaking;

(c) any other undertaking to which Parliament may hereafter determine that this section shall apply.

(5) In this section the expression " public utility undertaking" means any of the following undertakings the carrying on of which is authorised by any enactment, scheme or order, that is to say any railway, light railway, tramway, trolley-vehicle, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, quay, pier, lighthouse, gas, electricity, hydraulic power, sewerage, sewage disposal, refuse disposal or water undertaking in the United Kingdom, and the undertaking of any drainage authority, except that any undertaking carried on by undertakers who carry on a railway undertaking being a public utility undertaking shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be part of their railway undertaking.

(6) In this section, the expression " appropriate department " means—

(a) in relation to any railway, light railway, tramway,

trolley-vehicle, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, quay or pier undertaking, the Minister of Transport;

(b) in relation to any gas or hydraulic power undertaking,

and in relation to any mining or quarrying undertaking, the Board of Trade;

(c) in relation to any lighthouse undertaking, the Minister

of Shipping;

(d) in relation to any electricity undertaking, the Electricity Commissioners;

1941*

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

53

(e) in relation to any sewerage, sewage disposal, refuse disposal or water undertaking, the Minister of Health;

(f) in relation to the undertaking of a drainage authority, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

(g) in relation to any other undertaking, such Government department as the Treasury may determine;

and the expression " drainage authority " has the same meaning as in the Land Drainage Act, 1930.

41. — (1) No payment shall be made under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act in respect of war damage to a highway maintainable at the public expense.

(2) Parents shall be made by the Commission to highway authorities in accordance with, and subject to the provisions of, a scheme to be made by the Treasury, after consultation with such associations of local authorities as appear to them to be concerned, in respect of war damage to such highways as aforesaid occurring during the risk period, and contributions towards the expense of making such payments shall be made by the councils of counties and county boroughs at such rates and in such manner as may be provided by the scheme.

The contributions aforesaid shall be expenses for general county purposes as well in the case of the London County Council as of the councils of other counties.

(3) The contributions aforesaid shall be payable by five interim annual instalments, becoming due in the year nineteen hundred and forty-one and each of the four subsequent years, and a final instalment.

(4) The provision to be made by the scheme in relation to the contributions aforesaid shall be such as to secure, as nearly as may be, by reference to estimates of the relevant amounts—

(a) that the aggregate of the contributions shall bear to the payments made under subsection (2) of this section the same proportion as the net receipts of the Exchequer under the provisions of this Part of this Act (calculated in accordance with paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (5) of section twenty-two of this Act) bear to the payments in respect of war damage made under the provisions of this Part of this Act (calculated as aforesaid); and

(b) that each interim instalment, and the final instalment, to

be paid by the council of any county or county borough shall bear to the aggregate of the corresponding interim instalments, or of the final instalments, as the case may be, to be paid by all such councils, such proportion as may be prescribed by the scheme.

Part I.

—cont.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44. Highways.

54

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—coni

(5) The scheme may provide for the payment by the Minister of Transport, with the approval of the Treasury, to the councils of counties and county boroughs in Great Britain of grants in respect of the contributions to be made by them under this section not exceeding in the aggregate in the case of any council one half of the contributions to be made by that council.

Any grants paid by the Minister of Transport under any provision made by the scheme under this subsection shall be defrayed out of the Road Fund.

(6) The scheme may provide for the making by the Commission to highway authorities of payments in respect of war damage to roads, not being highways maintainable at the public expense, in cases in which works for the making good of war damage thereto are executed by such authorities; and where a payment has been, or is to be, made under the scheme in respect of any such works, the cost thereof shall not be the subject of a payment under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act.

(7) Nothing in the three last preceding subsections shall be construed as limiting the generality of the power conferred on the Treasury by virtue of subsection (2) of this section to make by the scheme such provision as to the payments and contributions therein mentioned as appear to them to be requisite.

(8) A scheme made under this section may be amended by a subsequent scheme made thereunder.

(9) A scheme made under this section shall be embodied in an order which shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament as soon as may be after it is made and shall be of no effect until it has been approved by a resolution of that House.

(10) The fact that works hg.ve been executed on a road by a highway authority as mentioned in subsection (6) of this section, or that a payment in respect of such works has been made under the scheme, shall not be treated as relevant for the purposes of the determination of any question arising as to whether the road is maintainable at the public expense.

(11) In this section—

the expression " highway authority " does not include the Minister of Transport;

the expression " highway maintainable at the public expense" means a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large or by a highway authority, and includes any bridge, viaduct or tunnel carrying a highway, and any pedestrian subway or pipe subway, being a bridge, viaduct, tunnel or subway which is repairable by the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough or county district, by the Common Council of the City of London, by the

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

55

mayor and commonalty and citizens of the City of Part 1. London acting as trustees of the Bridge House Estates, —conL

or by the inhabitants of any locality;

the expression " road " includes a footway and a bridle path, and includes any bridge or viaduct carrying a road;

the expression " bridge " and " viaduct " respectively include the approaches thereto and the abutments thereof, and any works connected with, or ancillary to, the bridge or viaduct;

the expression " tunnel " includes the approaches thereto and the abutments of such approaches, and any lifts or other works connected with, or ancillary to, the tunnel;

the expression " pedestrian subway " includes the stairways thereof, the approaches thereto, any public convenience constructed therein, and any works connected with or ancillary to the subway;

the expression " pipe subway" means any passage or covered way under a road constructed or adapted for the reception of, and affording convenient access to, any mains, pipes, tubes, cables, wires or apparatus, and includes any works connected with or ancillary to the subway.

(12) For the purposes of this section—

(a) any embankment, embankment wall or retaining wall

supporting a highway, and the sides of, and any retaining wall supporting, any cutting enclosing a highway; and

(b) a place of refuge in a highway, a lamp, lamp post, or other

materials or apparatus affixed on or near a highway for the purpose of illuminating it, and a traffic sign (as defined by subsection (9) of section forty-eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1930) placed on or near a highway 20 & 21 either by a highway authority or in accordance with the Geo. 5-c- 43* provisions of a scheme under section eighteen of the & 25 Road Traffic Act, 1934; Oeo’5•c* 5°*

shall be deemed to form part of the highway.

(13) For the purposes of this section, the London County Council shall be deemed to be a highway authority as respects any highway repairable by the Council and as respects any bridge, viaduct, tunnel or subway repairable by the Council, whether the highway thereon or therein is or is not repairable by the Council. 14

(14) References in this section to councils of counties shall be construed as including references to the Council of the Isles of Scilly, but contributions made under this section by the said Council shall be general expenses.

le

56

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I, —coni. Air-raid shelters.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 6.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 31.

42. — (1) Works executed by a local authority for making good war damage to an air-raid shelter (in this section referred to as " a shelter "),shall not be the subject of a payment of cost of works or of a temporary works payment—

(a) if the shelter is a building or structure erected by a local

authority as a shelter, in respect of the erection whereof a grant was payable to the local authority either under the Air Raid Precautions Act, 1937, or by the Minister’of Home Security out of moneys provided by Parliament (otherwise than under section twenty-two of the Civil Defence Act,

1939); or

(b) if the shelter is comprised in a building and there were

executed by a local authority works (being works in respect of the execution whereof a grant was payable as aforesaid) for the purpose of the provision of the shelter, so far as regards works the purpose of the execution whereof is the provision of a shelter.

(2) Works executed by a local authority for making good war damage to a shelter shall not be the subject of a payment of cost of works or of a temporary works payment if the shelter is a building or structure which was erected by any person wholly or mainly with materials provided on behalf of His Majesty under the Air Raid Precautions Act, 1937, free of charge.

(3) No value payment shall be made in respect of a hereditament consisting of any such building or structure as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section or in subsection (2) thereof, or which consists of a building or structure erected, wholly at the expense of the Board of Education, for the purpose of affording air raid shelter to pupils attending a school or educational institution, and so much (if any) of the value of a hereditament as is attributable to its comprising or being in the vicinity of—

(a) a building or structure as to which the conditions specified in

paragraph (a) or (6) of the said subsection (1) or in the said subsection (2) are satisfied; or

(b) a building or structure erected, wholly at the expense of the

Board of Education, for the purpose aforesaid; or

(c) a shelter comprised in a building, being a shelter the works

necessary for the provision whereof were executed wholly at the expense of the Board of Education,

shall be disregarded.

(4) Any question arising in giving effect to the provisions of this section shall be determined by the Commission:

Provided that the provisions of subsection (3) of section six of this Act as to appeals to the High Court on questions of law shall

1941*

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

57

have effect in relation to a determination of the Commission under this subsection as they have effect in relation to a determination of the Commission under that section.

(5) In this section—

the expressions " air raid shelter " and " an air raid shelter " have the same meanings as in the Civil Defence Act, 1939;

the expression " local authority" means the Common Council of the City of London, the council of a metropolitan borough, the council of a county, county borough or county district, or the Council of the Isles of Stilly.

43. — (1) If at the relevant date in any year the fee simple absolute in possession in any contributory property belongs either—

(a) to the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907; or

(6) to the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic

Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated under the National Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act,

1935;

and is held inalienably by them, whether subject to any tenancy or not, no instalment of contribution shall be payable for that year in respect of that property.

(2) If immediately before the occurrence of war damage to a hereditament the fee simple absolute in possession in the hereditament belongs to either of the bodies mentioned in the preceding subsection and is held inalienably by them, whether subject to any tenancy or not, no payment shafl be made under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act in respect of the damage.

44. — (1) Where, in the exercise of emergency powers during the period beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the thirty-first day of August nineteen hundred and forty-one possession of any land (hereinafter referred to as " the requisitioned land ") has been taken on behalf of His Majesty, the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act relating to contributions and the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the land—

(a) as if throughout the period during which possession of the requisitioned land under the said powers continued, that land had continued to be in the form in which it was immediately before the time of taking possession thereof and to be used or occupied for the purposes for which it was used or occupied immediately before that time;

Part I.

--COflt.

Land belonging to National Trust.

7 Edw. 7. c. cxxxvi.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. ii.

Requisitioned land.

58

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 ■& 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

(b) where—

(i) the full annual value of the requisitioned land was ascertained (either separately or together with other land) for the purposes of an assessment under Schedule A in force immediately before that time, or

(ii) the requisitioned land was (either separately or together with other land) the subject of a valuation shown in a valuation list in force immediately before that time under the Rating and Valuation Acts, 1925 to 1940, or the Rating and Valuation (Metropolis) Acts, 1869 to 1940, as the case may be,

as if that assessment, or, as the case may be, the net annual value (or, where the proviso to subsection (2) of section nineteen of this Act has effect, the rateable value) shown in that valuation list immediately before that time, had continued in force throughout the period during which possession of the requisitioned land under the said powers continued;

(c) where the assessment or value related also to other land,

as if the requisitioned land were a separate contributory property having a contributory value of such amount as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may determine to be just, having regard to the amount of the assessment or value and the relative values of the requisitioned land and the other land;

(d) where possession of the requisitioned land was taken before the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, as if the risk period had begun immediately before possession of the land was taken.

Any person who is aggrieved by a determination of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under paragraph (c) of this subsection may appeal to the Special Commissioners.

(2) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall affect any liability of any person under this Part of this Act or the Fourth Schedule thereto in respect of any land other than the requisitioned land.

(3) Where, at any time during the period during which possession of the requisitioned land under emergency powers continues, a hereditament comprised wholly within the land sustains war damage such that a value payment becomes payable, then—

(a) in the application of section three of this Act to the computation of the amount of the payment, the depreciation in the value of the hereditament caused by the war damage shall be taken to be the amount by which the value of the hereditament in the state in which it was immediately

CH. 12.

59

War Damage Act, 1941.

after the occurrence of the damage is less than its value in the state in which it was immediately before the time of taking possession of the requisitioned land;

no sum shall be payable under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939 (which provides for payment of compensation for damage, other than wear and tear or damage caused by war operations, occurring to requisitioned land during the period of requisition) in respect of damage occurring to the hereditament.

Special provisions as to land held in trust, &c.

45. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, references in this Part of this Act to the owner of a proprietary interest shall be construed as references to the person in whom the legal estate in respect of the interest is vested, or if the interest is a tenancy under an agreement for a lease or under-lease, to the person entitled to have vested in him the legal term agreed to be created.

(2) Where the legal estate or the title to the legal term, as the case may be, in respect of a proprietary interest is vested in the official trustee of charity lands or other trustee on or for charitable, ecclesiastical or public trusts or purposes not entitled to act in the trust, or in the Public Trustee holding in circumstances in which he is not entitled to act in the trust, then,—

(a) in the case of a trustee on or for charitable, ecclesiastical

or public trusts or purposes, the managing trustees or committee of management shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be the owner of the interest; and

[b) in the case of the Public Trustee, the person in receipt of

the rent incident to the Public Trustee’s estate, or, if there is no rent incident thereto, the person in occupation of the land, shall be deemed for those purposes to be the owner of the interest.

In relation to land of which possession has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise, during the period beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one, of emergency powers, the reference in paragraph (b) of this subsection to rent shall be construed as including a reference to compensation payable under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, or under any such agreement as is mentioned in section fifteen of that Act, and the reference in the said paragraph (b) to the person in receipt of rent shall be construed

1941.

(»>

Part I.

—cont.

Definition of " owner in relation to proprietary interests.

6o

Part I. —coni.

15 & 16

Geo. 5.C. 23.

Destination of payments in certain cases.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

as a reference to the person who is, or, if a claim therefor had been duly made under that Act, would have been, in receipt of such compensation as aforesaid.

(3) Where under section nine of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, the estate of a person who died intestate is vested in the Probate Judge, that judge shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be the owner of any proprietary interest comprised in the estate, but upon administration being granted the administrator shall be deemed for those purposes to have been the owner thereof as from the date of the death.

46. — (1) Where immediately before the occurrence of war damage to a hereditament a proprietary interest therein is subject to a settlement or is otherwise held in such manner that the owner of the interest would not be competent to give an effective discharge for the proceeds of a sale thereof, the right to receive any value payment or share of such a payment, or any payment under section fifteen of this Act in respect of that interest, shall vest and devolve as if, for the references in sections nine and fifteen of this Act to the owner of a proprietary interest as the person to whom payment is to be made, there had been substituted references to the person competent to give an effective discharge for the proceeds of a sale thereof.

(2) A devise or bequest of an interest in, or in the proceeds of sale of, land which sustains war damage in respect of which a value payment is made, or in, or in the proceeds of sale of, a tenancy in respect of which a payment is made under section fifteen of this Act, contained in a testamentary disposition made before the occurrence of the war* damage shall, in the absence of any contrary intention expressed therein or in any other testamentary disposition made by the testator, have effect as if it had included a bequest of any such payment, or of any part of any such payment, to which the testator might become entitled in respect of that interest.

(3) Where a hereditament sustains war damage at a time when an interest therein is the subject of a contract of sale or of a notice to treat served under an enactment authorising the compulsory acquisition thereof, any value payment in respect of the damage, or share of such a payment, or payment under section fifteen of this Act, payable to the vendor in respect of that interest, shall, unless the contract is rescinded or the notice ceases to have effect, be held by him upon trust for the purchaser:

Provided that any lien upon that interest to which the vendor is entitled by virtue of the contract shall extend to that payment or share.

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(4) Where a value payment is to be made in respect of war damage to a hereditament and immediately before the occurrence of the damage a person had a right to remove from the hereditament an article comprised therein to which he would have been entitled on removing it, and either—

(a) there was subsisting in the article a proprietary interest owned otherwise than by that person or owned by him otherwise than in the capacity in which he had the right to remove the article (being an interest against which his right to remove it was exercisable); or

(b) the article was included in a mortgage of a proprietary

interest in the hereditament, and that person’s right to remove it was exercisable against the mortgagee;

then, for the purposes of section nine of this Act the article shall be dealt with as a separate part of the hereditament, and

(i) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection, the

said section nine and the other provisions of this Act as to the vesting and devolution of the right to receive a share of a value payment shall have effect as if the proprietary interest mentioned in that paragraph had been owned by the person who had the right to remove the article, or owned by him in the capacity in which he had the right to remove it, as the case may be; and

(ii) in a case falling within paragraph (6) of this subsection, subsection (4) of the said section nine shall not have effect in relation to the share of the value payment attributable to the article.

(5) If the right to receive a payment under this Part of this Act in respect of war damage, or a share of such a payment, is claimed by two or more persons adversely to each other, or the Commission are unable to ascertain in whom such a right is vested, or if it appears to the Commission to be expedient for them so to do in order to safeguard the rights of persons beneficially interested in any such payment or share or for any other special reason, they may make payment thereof to the proper officer of the Supreme Court or, if the amount thereof does not exceed five hundred pounds, of the county court, in accordance with rules of court.

47. — (1) Where, in proceedings taken against any person for the enforcement of a personal liability as, or as a mortgagee of, a direct or indirect contributor in respect of an instalment of contribution becoming due in any year, the said person proves that the proprietary interest or, as the case may be, the mortgage of such an interest by virtue of which he incurred the liability was at the relevant date in that year vested in him as a trustee, and that his

6l

Part I.

—cont.

Liability of trustees, &c., in respect of instalments of contribution.

62

Part I.

—cont.

Power to raise capital for defraying contribution.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 20. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

rights of indemnification out of the trust estate are, otherwise than by negligence or default on his part, insufficient to provide for his reimbursement in respect of the liability, the court may give such directions for the limitation or release of the liability as the court thinks just and equitable.

In this subsection any reference to a trustee includes a reference to a personal representative, and any reference to the trust estate shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Where at the relevant date in any year a proprietary interest, or a mortgage of such an interest, in a contributory property is vested in any person as the trustee of the property of a bankrupt, any sum paid by that person in discharge of his liability as, or as a mortgagee of, a direct or indirect contributor in respect of the instalment of contribution becoming due in that year in respect of the contributory property shall be treated as part of the costs of administration of the property of the bankrupt.

48. — (1) The purposes—

(a) authorised for the application of capital moneys by section seventy-three of the Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied by section twenty-eight of the Law of Property Act, 1925, in relation to trusts for sale, and by section twenty-six of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925; and

(b) authorised by section seventy-one of the Settled

Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied as aforesaid, and by section thirty-one of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925, as purposes for which moneys may be raised by mortgage,

shall include the discharge of any liability as, or as a mortgagee of, a direct or indirect contributor.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the Commissioners of Crown Lands in discharging any liability as a direct or indirect contributor may, with the approval of the Treasury, be charged as a principal sum to the account of the capital of the land revenues of the Crown; but any sum so charged in pursuance of this subsection shall, if the Treasury so direct, be repaid out of the income of the said revenues within such time and by such number of instalments of such amounts respectively as may be specified in the directions.

(3) The purposes authorised by section twenty-five of the Act of the fifty-seventh year of King George the Third, chapter ninety-seven, for the application of moneys arising by any such sale of annuities standing in the name or to the account of the Duchy of

m*•

PFar Damage

Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

6*3

Lancaster as is therein mentioned, shall include the discharge of any liability as a direct or indirect contributor.

(4) The purposes authorised by section eight of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, as amended by section one of the Act of the thirty-first and thirty-second years of Queen Victoria, chapter thirty-five, for the advancement of parts of such gross sums as are therein mentioned, shall include the discharge of any liability as a direct or indirect contributor.

(5) Where a proprietary interest in any contributory property belongs to an ecclesiastical corporation—

(a) the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne's Bounty

may apply any money or securities held by them respectively for the corporation in discharging any liability as a direct or indirect contributor arising in respect of an instalment of contribution on that property;

(6) if the interest belongs to a benefice as defined by section forty-seven of the Tithe Act, 1936, Queen Anne’s Bounty may make grants out of their corporate funds for or towards the discharge of any such liability as aforesaid:

(c) the purposes for which a loan under the Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776, or the Acts or Measures amending that Act may be made by Queen Anne’s Bounty shall include the discharge of any such liability as aforesaid.

(b) Any expenses incurred by the Admiralty in discharging any liability as a direct or indirect contributor arising in respect of lands vested in them by virtue of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, or the Naval Knights of Windsor (Dissolution) Act, 1892, or as mortgagees of a direct or indirect contributor arising by reason of an exercise of the powers conferred on them by section forty of the said Act of 1865, may be defrayed out of cash standing to the credit of the Greenwich Hospital capital account; and for that purpose the Admiralty may from time to time convert into money any securities for the time being held by them for the benefit of Greenwich Hospital, and all money produced by any such conversion shall be paid into the Bank of England to the cash account of His Majesty’s Paymaster General who shall carry it to the Greenwich Hospital capital account.

49. Where war damage occurs to any land, and any interest in the land belongs to an ecclesiastical corporation, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty may apply money or securities held by them respectively for the corporation in discharging the cost of any works executed as a matter of urgency for meeting the circumstances created by the damage.

Part I.

—cont.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 49.

17 Geo. 3. c. 53.

28 & 29 Vict, c. lxxxix. 55 & 56 Vict, c. xxxiv.

Repairs to land of ecclesiastical corporations.

64

Part 1. —coni. Liabilities to repair chancels, &c., not to extend to war

damage.

Amendment of 2 &3 Geo. 6. c. 73.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

50. — (1) A liability to which this section applies to repair a chancel of a church or to repair any other ecclesiastical building or any part thereof shall not extend to any repairs required for making good war damage.

(2) Where war damage occurs to a chancel of a church or to any other ecclesiastical building in respect of which such a liability exists, then, in so far as the discharge of that liability, as modified by the provisions of the preceding subsection, is, having regard to the extent of the war damage—

(a) impracticable, or only practicable at a cost which is unreasonable in view of all the circumstances; or

(ft) of no substantial advantage;

the liability shall be suspended until the war damage is made good to such an extent that the discharge thereof is practicable at a reasonable cost and is of substantial advantage.

(3) Where under the preceding provisions of this section a liability is modified or suspended, all rights and remedies arising out of the non-discharge of the liability shall be modified or suspended accordingly.

(4) The preceding provisions of this section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

(5) Where war damage occurs to a chancel of a church or to any other ecclesiastical building in respect of which such a liability exists, or to the church of which such a chancel forms part or to premises of which such a building forms part, the Commission shall, in exercising the powers conferred on them by subsection (4) of section thirty-nine of this Act in relation to that damage, have regard to the circumstances affecting the church or those premises as a whole, and may make provision under that subsection in relation to the church or to those premises as a whole.

(6) This section applies to a liability arising as mentioned in section thirty-one of the Tithe Act, 1936, or in any other manner whatsoever except by virtue of a contract providing expressly for the execution of repairs required for making good war damage or by reason of a person’s holding property upon trusts which authorise its application in the execution of such repairs.

Miscellaneous provisions relating to Part I.

51. — (1) Subsection (3) of section two of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939 (which relates to the recovery of expenses incurred by local authorities in making fit for housing purposes buildings damaged by war) is hereby repealed.

(2) A charge to which any building has become subject by virtue of the said subsection (3) is hereby discharged.

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, so much of any payment under this Part of this Act as consists of the proper cost of any works executed by a local authority under the said Act of 1939 may, in lieu of being paid by the Commission, be discharged by crediting the appropriate amount to the authority in their account with the Minister of Health in respect of any money lent by him to the authority under section three of that Act.

52. — (1) Paragraph (iii) of subsection (4) of section one of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939, and subsection (3) of section three of that Act (which relate respectively to the recovery of expenses incurred by housing authorities in repairing buildings used for purposes essential to the welfare of the civil population that have been damaged by war, and to the recovery of loans made by the appropriate Minister for the purpose of repairing any such building) are hereby repealed.

(2) A charge to which any building or premises has or have become subject by virtue of the said paragraph (iii) or of the said subsection (3) is hereby discharged.

(3) Where works have been executed by any person (whether that person is a local authority or a housing authority or not), being works for the purpose of the execution whereof a loan has been made to that person under section one of the said Act by the appropriate Minister, so much of any payment under this Part of this Act as consists of the proper cost of those works may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, in lieu of being paid by the Commission, be discharged by crediting the appropriate amount to that person in his account with the said Minister in respect of that loan.

(4) Where works have been executed by some person other than a local authority or a housing authority, being works for the purpose of the execution whereof there has been made to that person by a housing authority a loan either under paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section one of the said Act or in pursuance of a notice under paragraph (i) of subsection (4) of that section, then—

(a) in a case in which there has been made to the housing authority by the appropriate Minister a loan, under paragraph (5) of the said subsection (3), of an equivalent amount, or under paragraph (ii) of the said subsection

(4), of such amount as is necessary to enable the authority to comply with the notice, as the case may be, so much of any payment under this Part of this Act as consists of the proper cost of those works may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, in lieu of being paid by the Commission, be discharged by crediting the

E

65

Part I.

—cont.

Amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 74.

66

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Disposal o f salvage.

Payment* to be made out of moneys provided by Parliament and contributions to be paid into Exchequer.

Expenses of Public Works Loan Commissioners as mortgagees. Annual statement of payments and receipts under Part I.

appropriate amount to the authority in their account with the said Minister in respect of that loan and by crediting the like amount to the person who has executed the works in question in his account with the authority in respect of the loan made by them;

(b) in any other case, so much of any such payment as aforesaid may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, be paid to the housing authority in discharge of the loan made by them.

(5) In this section the expression " the appropriate Minister " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939.

53. — (1) Where a hereditament has sustained war damage and, in exercise of emergency powers, any materials that formed part of any building or other land comprised therein are removed from any land, the materials may be dealt with or disposed of in such manner as may be directed by or on behalf of the Treasury, and the proceeds of any disposal thereof shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2) No compensation shall be payable under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, in respect of any materials dealt with or disposed of under this section.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the seventh day of September nineteen hundred and forty.

54. Payments by the Commission in respect of war damage, and payments of interest on value payments and on payments to be made under section fifteen of this Act, shall be made out of moneys provided by Parliament, and all sums received by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this Part of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

55. Any expenses incurred by the Public Works Loan Commissioners in discharging any liability as mortgagees of a direct or indirect contributor shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

56. The Treasury shall, in relation to each financial year, cause to be prepared statements of payments made by the Commission, and of sums recovered by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this Part of this Act, during that year, and of the proceeds of the disposal during that year of any materials disposed of in accordance with section fifty-three of this Act, and shall on or before the thirtieth day of November next following the expiration of that year lay copies thereof before both Houses of Parliament.

1941. War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

57. — (1) Where for the purpose of the determination or ascertainment by the Commission of the kind or amount of a payment to be made under this Part of this Act, or of the person entitled to receive such a payment or any share of such a payment, or of the determination by the Commission of any other question falling by virtue of this Part of this Act to be determined by them, or for the purpose of facilitating the determination by agreement of any question arising thereunder, it is requisite to ascertain the proprietary interests subsisting in a hereditament or the identity or address of the owner of any such interest, or of a mortgagee of any such interest, or any other fact relevant for any such purpose, the Commission, either on an application in that behalf being made by any person appearing to them to be interested or of their own motion, may require any person who is or has been in occupation of, or who receives or has received rent in respect of, the hereditament in question or any part thereof, to inform them of the name and address of any other person to whom that person pays or has paid rent in respect thereof or of any part thereof, and may require any such person, or any other person appearing to them to be capable of giving to them information relevant for any such purpose as aforesaid, to give them any such information that is in his possession and to produce for their inspection any documents relevant for any such purpose as aforesaid that are in his custody or under his control.

(2) Any person who fails to furnish or produce any information or document which he is required under this section to furnish or produce shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and also to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for every day on which the failure continues.

(3) Any person who, being required under this section to furnish any information, makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, or who, being required under this section to produce any document, with intent to deceive produces any document which he knows to be false in a material particular, shall be guilty of an offence and, unless indicted therefor, liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

58. — (1) A member of the Commission or any person authorised in writing by the Commission may, on producing, if so required, his authority, or in- the case of a member of the Commission sufficient documentary evidence of his identity, enter at all reasonable hours any premises on which war damage has occurred or on which he has reasonable ground for believing war damage to have occurred, for the purpose of obtaining information as to the nature and extent of

67

Part I. —cont. Power of Commission to obtain information.

Power of Commission to inspect damaged premises.

68

Part I.

—cont.

Insurance

schemes.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

the damage, as to the state in which the premises were immediately before, or immediately after, the occurrence of the damage, as to any works executed for the purpose of making good the damage or for temporarily meeting the circumstances created thereby, as to any articles which formed part of the premises and become available as materials in consequence of the damage, as to whether any conditions imposed by the Commission under this Part of this Act have been observed, or as to any other matter as to which information may be reasonably required by the Commission for the purpose of the exercise of any of their functions:

Provided that if the premises are occupied, admission thereto shall not be demanded as of right unless twenty-four hours notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(2) Any person who wilfully obstructs a member of the Commission or a person authorised by them in the exercise of powers conferred on him by this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Part II.

Goods.

The Insurance Schemes.

59. — (1) The Board of Trade may operate two insurance schemes (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the schemes "), that is to say—

(a) a scheme, in this Part of this Act referred to as " the business scheme", whereby the Board undertake the liability of insuring persons carrying on business against war damage to the goods specified in the next succeeding section as being goods which, in relation to those persons respectively, are insurable under the business scheme;

(b) a scheme, in this Part of this Act referred to as " the private chattels scheme", whereby the Board undertake the liability of insuring any persons (whether carrying on business or not) against war damage to the goods specified in the said section as being goods which, in relation to those persons respectively, are insurable under the private chattels scheme.

(2) Each of the schemes shall be such as to secure that, subject to the provisions of this Act—

<<t, the extent and nature of the indemnity provided by the Board of Trade as insurers under the scheme, and the cases in which and the conditions subject to which

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

that indemnity is provided, are determined by a policy of insurance issued in the prescribed form by a person acting on behalf of the Board;

(b) there are payable under the policy such premiums as may be prescribed,

and different forms of policy and different premiums may be prescribed in relation to different classes of cases, and any prescribed form of policy may be such as to incorporate by reference provisions set out in the order prescribing the form:

Provided that the Board of Trade shall have power, with the consent of the Treasury, in any case where it appears to the Board to be just and equitable so to do, to refund the whole or any part of any sum paid to them by any person by way of premium under either of the schemes, or to remit payment of any part of any sum so payable by any person.

(3) The War Damage Commission shall exercise such functions for the purposes of this Part of this Act as the Board of Trade may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct.

(4) No payment under either of the schemes shall be made in respect of war damage to goods insurable under the scheme in question which appears to the Board of Trade to have occurred on any occasion if the amount recoverable under the scheme in respect of the damage is less than two pounds.

(5) An assignment, whether absolute or by way of charge, of the right to a payment under either of the schemes, or of any part of such a payment, other than an assignment which does not affect any beneficial interest in such a payment or in any part of such a payment, shall be of no effect until it has been approved in writing by the Board of Trade.

(6) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable in respect of any policy of insurance issued in pursuance of either of the schemes.

60. — (1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, the goods insurable under the business scheme in relation to any person carrying on business are all goods situated in the United Kingdom—

(a) which are in his possession (whether he owns them or not)

and are held or used by him wholly or mainly for the purposes of that business; or

(b) which, though not in his possession, are owned by him

in the course of that business; or

(c) which are the subject of a mortgage in his favour which he

holds in the course of that business.

69

Part II.

—cont.

Goods insurable under the schemes.

70 Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Part II. (2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the carrying on of

—cont. any activity by a corporation or unincorporated body of persons shall be deemed to be the carrying on of a business:

Provided that goods which would, apart from this proviso, be insurable under the business scheme in relation to a corporation sole or a body of persons who are trustees, and would be so insurable by virtue only of this subsection, shall, in such cases as may be prescribed, be deemed not to be insurable in relation to the corporation or body of persons under the business scheme.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the said subsection (4), the goods insurable under the private chattels scheme in relation to any person are all goods situated in the United Kingdom which are not, in relation to him, insurable under the business scheme and are either—

(a) owned by him or in his possession; or

(b) owned by, or in the possession of, a member of his

household ordinarily resident with him or a domestic servant of his:

Provided that no goods shall be insurable in relation to any person under the private chattels scheme as being goods owned by, or in the possession of, such a member or servant as aforesaid unless they are insurable under the private chattels scheme in relation to that member or servant.

(4) The following goods shall not, in relation to any person, be insurable under either of the schemes—

(a) any goods as respects which that person is, or could be, insured under Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939;

(b) any ship other than a vessel used solely in docks, ports, estuaries, rivers or other inland waters or inland waterways;

(c) the machinery, tackle and furniture of any ship other than such a vessel as aforesaid, so long as the machinery tackle or furniture is in the ship;

(d) any goods which are for the time being insured or re-insured by the Minister of Shipping under Part I of the said Act; or

(e) any goods in the possession of, or held at the disposal of, a Government department or any other person on behalf of His Majesty, so long as the owner of the goods is entitled, and, in the case of goods being a vehicle or aircraft, is entitled otherwise than by virtue of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, to be indemnified by the Crown against war damage to the goods.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 57.

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

For the purposes of this subsection, a vessel shall be deemed to be used solely in the manner specified in paragraph thereof notwithstanding that it may be used otherwise on any special occasion, or so long as any use to which it is put otherwise than in the manner specified in the said paragraph (6) is incidental only to its being used in the said manner.

(5) For the purposes of this section, where any goods are consigned from a port in the United Kingdom to any other such port in a vessel which in its transit between those ports is not due to call at any port outside the United Kingdom, the goods shall at all times during the transit be deemed to be situated in the United Kingdom.

61. — (1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, the times at which payments by the Board of Trade under either of the schemes may be made in any class of cases shall be such times as may be specified in regulations made by the Treasury, either generally or in relation to that class of cases.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section—

(a) the Board of Trade may make the whole or any part of

any particular payment under either of the schemes in respect of the destruction of or damage to any goods at an earlier date than would be allowable under subsection (1) of this section if they are satisfied either that the replacement or repair of the goods destroyed or damaged is expedient in the public interest or, in the case of the private chattels scheme, that it is expedient that the payment, or that part thereof, should be made to avoid undue hardship; and

(b) the Board of Trade may make a payment under either

of the schemes at an earlier date than would be allowable under subsection (1) of this section if the amount claimed does not exceed such sum as may be prescribed in relation to the scheme in question and they are satisfied that the total sum claimable under the policy in question in respect of all war damage which in their opinion should be included in the same claim does not exceed the said prescribed sum.

(3) Where the whole or any part of a payment in respect of the destruction of or damage to any goods is made on an earlier date than would be allowable under subsection (1) of this section, and is so made by virtue of paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection, the Board of Trade may impose conditions restricting the manner in which the sum paid may be applied in the replacement or repair of the goods destroyed or damaged, and if in the application as aforesaid of the whole or any part of the sum paid

71

Part II.

—cont.

Time for payment of losses under the

schemes.

72

Part II.

—cont.

Insurance under business scheme to ' be compulsory.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

any conditions imposed under this subsection are not complied with, the sum or the part thereof in question shall be recoverable as money had and received to the use of His Majesty.

(4) Except in so far as a payment in respect of war damage under either of the schemes is, by virtue of the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, made at an earlier date than would be allowable under subsection (1) of this section, interest at the rate of two and a half per cent, per annum shall accrue on the payment from the time of the occurrence of that damage, and shall be payable when the payment is made.

Special provisions as to business scheme.

62. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this subsection, where, after such date as may be prescribed, any person carries on in the United Kingdom any business, not being a farming business, then, if at any time, in respect of any goods which are insurable in relation to him under the business scheme, and are so insurable by virtue of the carrying on by him in the United Kingdom of any business not being a farming business, there is not in force a policy of insurance issued in accordance with that scheme whereby he is insured, in respect of all such goods, for a sum not less than the value thereof for the time being, he shall be guilty of an offence under this section:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this subsection shall require any person to be insured under the business scheme if and so long as the value of all goods which are for the time being insurable in relation to him under the business scheme, and are so insurable by virtue of the carrying on by him in the United Kingdom of any business not being a farming business, does not exceed such sum as may be prescribed;

(b) the Board of Trade may by order exempt any classes

of persons from the provisions of this subsection; and

(c) this subsection shall not operate so as to require any person to be insured under the business scheme in respect of goods of such descriptions as may be prescribed.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this subsection, where, after such date as may be prescribed, any person carries on any farming business in the United Kingdom, then, if at any time, in respect of any goods which are insurable in relation to him under the business scheme by virtue of the carrying on by him of that business, there is not in force a policy of insurance issued in accordance with that scheme whereby he is insured in respect of such goods for an amount not less than such sum as is hereinafter mentioned, he shall be guilty of an offence under this section:

1941

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

73

Provided that—

Part IL

—cont.

(a) nothing in this subsection shall require any person to be insured under the business scheme so long as the net assessment of the farm for the purposes of Schedule A for the time being in force does not exceed such amount as may be prescribed; and

(b) the Board of Trade may by order exempt any classes of

persons from the provisions of this subsection.

(3) Where by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) or the proviso to subsection (2) of this section any person is exempted, either generally or as respects any description of goods, from the obligation to insure under the business scheme, any goods insurable in relation to him under that scheme as respects which he is so exempted may, in such circumstances and to such extent as may be prescribed and so long as he is so exempted as respects those goods, be treated for the purposes of the private chattels scheme as if they were insurable in relation to him under that scheme.

(4) The sum referred to in subsection (2) of this section is—

(a) subject to the next succeeding paragraph, that multiple

of ten pounds which is nearest to the prescribed multiple of the net assessment of the farm for the purposes of Schedule A for the time being in force;

(b) where the prescribed multiple of the said net assessment

is a multiple of five pounds but not a multiple of ten pounds, the amount of the said prescribed multiple reduced by five pounds.

(5) In relation to a person carrying on a farming business who is a tenant of the whole or any part of the farm, subsections (2) and (4) of this section shall have effect as if for any reference to the net assessment of the farm for the purposes of Schedule A for the time being in force there were substituted a reference—

(a) where the person in question is a tenant of the whole of the

farm, to the annual rent for the time being payable in respect of the farm;

(6) where he is a tenant of part of the farm, to the aggregate

of the annual rent for the time being payable in respect of that part of the farm and the net assessment of the remainder of the farm for the purposes of Schedule A for the time being in force. (б)

(b) Where, under the prescribed form of policy, the maximum amount recoverable in respect of any goods is, irrespective of the sum insured, less than the value of those goods, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in relation to those goods as if that maximum amount were their value.

74

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II. —coni.

Power of Board of Trade to obtain information.

(7) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds and to a further fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day on which the contravention continues.

. (8) Proceedings for an offence under this section shall not, in England of Northern Ireland, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Board of Trade.

(9) The Board of Trade may undertake the liability of insuring, under the business scheme, persons owning growing trees which are goods within the meaning of this Act, but which are owned by them otherwise than in the course of a business, against war damage to such trees owned by them, in like manner as if the trees had been owned by them in the course of a farming business.

(10) In this section—

the expression " farming business" means a business carried on by any person wholly or mainly in connection with the occupation by him of agricultural land;

the expression " the farm/' in relation to any farming business, means the aggregate of the agricultural land occupied in connection with the carrying on of the business, together with any agricultural buildings occupied with the land; and

the expression " net assessment" means the full annual value as ascertained for the purposes of an assessment under Schedule A, less any sums on which relief was allowed under Rules 1, 4 and 7 of No. V of Schedule A or subsection (6) of section thirteen of the Tithe Act, 1936, and less any sums on which relief would have been allowable in respect of an annuity under section four of the Tithe Act, 1918, or of payments in respect of the redemption or reduction of an annuity under the 'Tithe Act, 1936, if relief in respect of so much of such an annuity or such payments as represents interest were in all cases given by way of reduction of an assessment under Schedule A in lieu of being given by a right of deduction of tax.

63. — (1) Any person authorised in that behalf by the Board of Trade may at all reasonable times, on producing sufficient documentary evidence of his authority, enter any premises occupied by any person carrying on any business in the United Kingdom for the purpose of that business and may inspect the premises and request any person found therein who is for the time being in charge thereof, or in control of the business carried on therein, to produce to him and allow him to examine such accounts, books and other documents and to furnish to him such information as he may reasonably require for the purposes of ascertaining whether or not, and, if so, to what extent, the person

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

75

carrying on the business is insured under the business scheme in respect of goods which are insurable under that scheme in relation to him in connection with that business, and of ascertaining the value of any goods so insurable and the maximum amount which would be recoverable in respect of any such goods under a policy issued under that scheme if those goods were all totally destroyed.

(2) Where—

(«) under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section sixty-one of this Act a payment in respect of the destruction of or damage to any goods has been made under either of the schemes at an earlier date than would be allowable under subsection (1) of that section, and the Board of Trade have imposed conditions as to the application of the sum paid; and

(b) a person authorised by the Board of Trade for the purposes of this subsection has reason to believe that there are on any premises any goods acquired with the proceeds of the payment to replace the goods destroyed, or any goods repaired out of the proceeds of the payment,

the powers conferred by the last preceding subsection shall be exercisable by that person in relation to those premises for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not the said conditions have been complied with in relation to the goods as they are exercisable by a person authorised in that behalf by the Board of Trade in relation to such premises, and for such purposes, as are mentioned in that subsection.

(3) If any person wilfully obstructs any person in the exercise of his powers under this section or fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a request made thereunder, he shall, in respect of each occasion on which any such obstruction or failure takes place, be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) If any person in purporting to comply with his obligations under this section knowingly or recklessly makes a statement false in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(5) Where in any proceedings in respect of a contravention of the last preceding section in relation to any business, it is proved, in relation to that business—

(a) that a demand for the production of a policy of insurance issued in accordance with the business

Part II.

—cont.

76

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II. scheme insuring the person carrying on the business

—cont. was duly made under this section and was not complied

with; and

(b) that the person making the demand was not satisfied that there was such a policy in existence;

it shall be presumed, except in so far as the contrary is proved, that the said section was being contravened in relation to that business at the time when the demand was made and continued to be contravened in relation to that business at all times thereafter.

(6) Proceedings for an offence under this section shall not, in England or Northern Ireland, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Board of Trade.

Special provisions as to private chattels .

Graduated

premiums

under

private

chattels

scheme.

Limitation

of

indemnity

provided

under

private

chattels

scheme.

64. The premiums prescribed for insurance under the private chattels scheme may be such as to secure that the rate of premium varies in such manner as may be prescribed for any prescribed increase in the amount insured by any person.

65. Without prejudice to the generality of the power of the Board of Trade to determine the extent and nature of the indemnity provided under the private chattels scheme—

(a) any prescribed form of policy under that scheme shall

contain provisions securing that no indemnity shall be given in excess of such sum as may be specified in the policy; and

(b) the indemnity provided by any prescribed form of policy

under the private chattels scheme in respect of the destruction of or damage to goods of any description specified in the policy shall be limited in such manner as may be so specified.

Rights 66* A person may recover on an insurance effected by him

under under and in accordance with the private chattels scheme on insurance goods owned by or in the possession of a member of his house-members of hold or a domestic servant of his notwithstanding that he has household himself no insurable interest in the goods, but where a person or servants, recovers as aforesaid in respect of any such goods in which he has no insurable interest, he shall hold the net amount recovered on trust for the member or servant in question.

Power to refuse 67. The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, refuse any application for the issue of a policy under the private chattels scheme.

1941*

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

77

Power to make payments otherwise than under .

68. The Board of Trade, acting in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, may make payments to a person in respect of—

(a) war damage to goods which, when the damage occurred, were insurable in relation to him under the private chattels scheme;

(b) war damage occurring to goods which, when the damage

occurred, were, or, if the scheme in question had then been in force, would have been insurable in relation to him under either of the schemes, being damage occurring before such date as may be prescribed as the date on which the scheme in question will come into full operation,

whether or not that person was insured under either of the schemes.

Miscellaneous.

69. — (1) The Board of Trade may employ or authorise the employment of persons to act as their agents for any of the purposes of the schemes and may pay the persons so employed such remuneration (if any) as the Board may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, and such expenses incurred by the said persons as the Board and the Treasury may approve shall be defrayed by the Board.

(2) The objects of the body incorporated by Lloyd's Act, 1871, shall include the carrying on of business as agents of the Board of Trade for any of the said purposes.

70. With respect to each of the schemes, the Board of Trade shall prepare, in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct, a statement of the sums received, and of the payments made, by the Board in each financial year, and shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November next following the expiration of that year lay copies thereof before both Houses of Parliament.

71. Where anything falling within the meaning in this Act of the expression " goods " has been so affixed to any land as to have become part of the land, it shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be owned—

(a) if there is any person who is entitled to remove it from the

land, and would be entitled to it if he so removed it, by that person;

(b) if there is no such person, by any person having the

fee simple in, or a tenancy or right of occupation of, the land.

Part II. —cont. Power of Board of Trade to make payments otherwise than under policies.

Employment of agents by Board of Trade.

34 & 35 Vict c. xxi.

Annual statement of receipts and

payments under Part II.

Definition of owner in relation to goods affixed to land.

78

Ch. 12.

War Damage Ad, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont.

Orders of Board of Trade for purposes of Part II.

Amendment of Pert II of War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

Insurance of certain goods under Part II of War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

72. — (1) The Board of Trade may by order prescribe anything which is by this Part of this Act required or authorised to be prescribed.

(2) Any power conferred by this Part of this Act to prescribe a sum includes power to prescribe different sums in relation to different classes of cases, and, in the exercise of any power so conferred to prescribe any class of persons or description of goods, the persons or goods may be described- by reference to any circumstances whatsoever.

Part III.

Amendments of Part II of War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

73. Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, shall be amended in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this Act.

74. — (1) After subsection (1) of section seven there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (iA) The commodity insurance scheme may also extend—

(a) to the undertaking by the Board of Trade, in relation to any person carrying on business in the United Kingdom as a seller or supplier of goods, of the liability of insuring such a person against King's enemy risks in respect of goods insurable under this Part of this Act which are not owned by him, but in which he has an interest arising in the course of that business;

(b) without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph (a) of

this subsection, to the undertaking by the Board, in relation to a person carrying on any business in the United Kingdom, of the liability of insuring such a person against King’s enemy risks in respect of—

(i) any goods situated in the United Kingdom which are in his possession, otherwise than under a hire-purchase agreement, for the purposes of that business;

(ii) any goods situated in the United Kingdom which are subject to a mortgage in his favour held by him in the course of that business,

being in either case goods which are not owned by him but which are insurable under this Part of this Act in relation to the person by whom they are owned.

In this subsection the expression " hire purchase agreement" means a hire purchase agreement as defined by

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

79

section twenty-one of the Hire Purchase Act, 1938, or a contract to which the Hire Purchase and Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1932, applies, or would apply if the limitation as to value contained in section one of that Act were omitted, and any agreements which for the purposes of the first mentioned Act would be treated as a single agreement made at any time shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a single agreement made at that time; and the expression " mortgage " does not include a floating charge, but subject as aforesaid, includes any charge or lien on any property for securing money or money’s worth

(2) Subsection (4) of section seven and subsection (3) of section fifteen shall cease to have effect.

75. — (1) After subsection (2) of section seven there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (2A) The prescribed form of policy may be such as to limit the extent and nature of the indemnity provided by the Board of Trade and to impose conditions subject to which the indemnity is provided ",

and in subsection (3) of that section for the words "the last preceding subsection", there shall be substituted the words "subsection (2) of this section".

(2) After subsection (iA) of section nine there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (iB) Where under any form of policy prescribed under this Part of this Act the maximum amount recoverable in respect of any goods is, irrespective of the sum insured, less than the value of those goods, any reference in the foregoing provisions of this section to the value of goods shall be construed, in relation to those goods; as a reference to that maximum amount ",

(3) At the end of subsection (1) of section eleven A there shall be added the words "and the maximum amount which " would be recoverable in respect of any such goods under a " policy issued under this Part of this Act".

(4) The said section seven, section nine and section eleven A shall be deemed always to have had effect subject to the amendments made therein respectively by the foregoing provisions of this section, and any reference to the value of goods in any compulsory insurance order made under the said section nine before the commencement of this Act shall be construed in like maimer as any such reference in subsection (1) or subsection (iA) of the said section nine.

Part III.

—cont.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 53.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 38.

Provisions in policies

limiting

indemnity.

8o

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

Extension of power to exempt goods from compulsory insurance.

76. — (1) After subsection (iB) of section nine there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (iC) The Board of Trade may by order made as respects any description of goods specified in the order direct that a compulsory insurance order shall not operate so as to require any person to insure in respect of goods of that description".

(2) The proviso to subsection (2) of section eleven is hereby repealed, but any order made under that proviso shall have effect as if made under the power conferred by subsection (1) of this section.

Exclusion of certain goods from commodity insurance scheme.

77. — (1) Section eleven shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect, as if at the end of subsection (1) thereof there were inserted the following—

" Provided that no goods shall be deemed to be insurable under this Part of this Act—

(a) in relation to any person, being the owner of the goods, who carries on business as a seller of goods, unless they are owned by him with a view to being sold, or to being used as material for the production of goods to be sold, or as ingredients or component parts of goods to be sold;

(b) in relation to any person, being the owner of the goods, who carries on business as a supplier of goods, unless they are owned by him with a view to being supplied for the purposes of or in pursuance of a contract made by him for work, labour and materials, or to being used as material for the production of goods to be supplied as aforesaid, or as ingredients or component parts of goods to be so supplied.

(iA) For the purposes of the proviso to the last preceding subsection, any goods shall be deemed to be owned by the person in whom the property in the goods is vested:

Provided that any reference in that subsection to the owner of any goods—

(a) shall include a reference to any person for the time being entitled, either unconditionally or conditionally, to have the property in the goods vested in him;

(b) in relation to any goods—

(i) the property in which is vested in any person otherwise than in the course of a business carried on by him in the United Kingdom, or as respects

1941- War Damage Ch. 12. ' 81

Act, 1941.

which any person is entitled to have the property Part III. therein vested in him otherwise than in the course coni-of such a business; and

(ii) which any person carrying on business in the United Kingdom is for the time being entitled to sell as agent,

shall include a reference to the last-mentioned person,

and any reference to goods owned by any person shall be construed accordingly

(2) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall be construed as limiting the power of the Board of Trade under subsection (4) of the said section eleven by order to direct that goods of any description specified in the order shall be deemed not to be goods insurable under Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

78. — (1) Subsection (3) of section eleven shall have effect, Miscellan©-and be deemed always to have had effect, as if after the word ous amend-" insured " there were inserted the words "or re-insured ments.

(2) For paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifteen there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" (a) the expression ‘ King's enemy risks ’ means such risks arising from—

(i) action taken by the enemy, or action taken in combating the enemy or in repelling an imagined attack by the enemy;

(ii) measures taken under proper authority to avoid the spreading of, or otherwise to mitigate, the consequences of damage occurring (whether accidentally or not) as the direct result of any such action as aforesaid;

(iii) precautionary or preparatory measures taken under proper authority with a view to preventing or hindering the carrying out of any attack by the enemy, being measures involving a substantial degree of risk to property;

(iv) precautionary or preparatory measures involving the doing of work on land and taken under proper authority in any way in anticipation of enemy action, being measures involving a substantial degree of risk to property,

as the Board of Trade may by order define for the purposes of this Part of this Act *\

(3) In subsection (2) of the said section fifteen for the words "Subject to the provisions of this and the next two following subsections, any goods shall " there shall be substituted the words

F

82 Ch. 12. W Damage 4 &5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Part III. " Save in so far as is otherwise expressly provided in this Part of —coni this Act, any goods shall, subject to the provisions of this

section".

(4) For subsection (4) of the said section fifteen there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (4) Where in the course of any business a ship is being, or has been, constructed under contract, and the ship or any part thereof or any goods appropriated for the construction thereof—

(a) would, apart from the provisions of this subsection, have been deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be owned at any time by the person from time to time carrying on the business; or

(b) have at any time been accepted, in pursuance of a contract made with him, by the person from time to time carrying on the business,

then, notwithstanding that they would not, apart from the said provisions, be deemed for the said purposes to be owned by the person from time to time carrying on the business, the ship and any part thereof and any goods so, appropriated as aforesaid shall, subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, be deemed, in a case to which paragraph (a) of this subsection applies, to continue to be owned by the person from time to time carrying on the business until the acceptance of the ship, in pursuance of the contract in question, by the person for whom it is being, or has been, constructed, and in a case to which paragraph (b) of this subsection applies, to be owned by the person from time to time carrying on the business at all times between the acceptance referred to in the said paragraph (6) and the . acceptance of the ship as aforesaid by the person for whom it is being, or has been, constructed.

(4A) The provisions of the last preceding subsection shall apply in relation to the construction under contract in the course of a business of part of a ship, not being part of a ship which is being, or has been, constructed by the person from time to time carrying on the business, as they apply in relation to the construction of a ship—

(a) with the substitution for references to a ship of references to part of a ship;

(b) where the contract for the part of the ship is with the person for whom the ship is being constructed, with the substitution for references to the acceptance of the ship under the contract in question of references to the acceptance of the ship under the contract for the construction thereof;

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

85

(c) where the contract for the part of the ship is with Part III. any other person, with the substitution for references .

to the acceptance of the ship under the contract in question of references to the acceptance of the part of the ship under the contract for the construction of the part by the person for whom it is being, or has been, constructed.

(4B) Where the person from time to time carrying on a business receives any money, under a policy issued in pursuance of the commodity insurance scheme, in respect of the loss of or damage to a ship, part of a ship or goods which are deemed to be owned by him by virtue of subsection (4) or subsection (4A) of this section, the money shall be held by him on trust for the person who apart from the provisions of those subsections would be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be the owner of the ship, part or goods, subject, however, to any lien or charge which would otherwise be enforceable against the ship, part or goods and subject also to the right to retain out of the money the amount of any expenses reasonably incurred by the first-mentioned person in making good any part of the loss or damage which he is liable to make good".

(5) The said section fifteen shall be deemed always to have had effect subject to the amendments made by the foregoing provisions of this section.

79. This Part of this Act shall extend to the Isle of Man. Application

of Part III to Isle of Man.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

Miscellaneous.

80. — (1) In this Act the expression " war damage " means— Definition

of " war

(a) damage occurring (whether accidentally or not) as the damage0, direct result of action taken by the enemy, or action taken in combating the enemy or in repelling an imagined attack by the enemy;

(b) damage occurring (whether accidentally or not) as the direct result of measures taken under proper authority to avoid the spreading of, or otherwise to mitigate, the consequences of such damage as aforesaid;

84

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

(c) accidental damage occurring as the direct result—

(i) of any precautionary or preparatory measures taken under proper authority with a view to preventing or hindering the carrying out of any attack by the enemy; or

(ii) of precautionary or preparatory measures involving the doing of work on land and taken under proper authority in any way in anticipation of enemy action,

being, in either case, measures involving a substantial degree of risk to property:

Provided that the measures mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection do not include the imposing of restrictions on the display of lights or measures taken for training purposes.

(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection, such action against the enemy as is referred to in paragraph (a) of that subsection—

(a) shall, in relation to any ship or aircraft taking part in such action, be deemed to continue until the ship or aircraft has returned to its base;

(b) includes naval, military or air reconnaissances and patrols.

(3) References in this Act to the occurrence of war damage shall be construed as references to the taking of the action or measures specified in subsection (1) of this section from which that damage results.

(4) In determining the value of a hereditament, or of a proprietary interest in a hereditament, in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of war damage, it shall be assumed that all war damage which is known at the time when the valuation is made to have resulted from the taking of the action or measures in question could have been foreseen immediately thereafter.

(5) In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, the reference to measures taken to avoid the spreading of the consequences of damage caused by war operations shall be construed as a reference to such measures as are referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section; and in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section two of that Act the reference to damage caused by war operations, and in paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section four of that Act the reference to loss or damage arising in consequence of war operations, shall be construed as references to war damage.

(6) The provisions of subsection (5) of this section shall have effect as respects work done on land, damage caused to land, and

g[1 Dy

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

loss of or damage to vehicles or aircraft whether done, caused or occurring, before or after the commencement of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as affecting any payment under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, made before the commencement of this Act.

81. — (1) Where any person is entitled under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, to a payment in respect of war damage—

(a) by reason of the doing of any work on land in the exercise of emergency powers; or

(b) by reason of the occurrence of damage to a vehicle or aircraft requisitioned on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers,

no payment in respect of the damage shall be made under the provisions of this Act or a policy issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II thereof to that person or to any person claiming under him.

(2) Where war damage occurs to land or goods, and at the time when, apart from the provisions of this subsection, any payment (whether with or without interest) would be made to any person in respect thereof under Part I of this Act or under a policy issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II thereof, that person or any other person—

(a) has received (otherwise than by way of loan) in respect of

the damage any sum paid on behalf of His Majesty or by a civil defence authority acting as such, not being a sum paid by virtue of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, or of this Act; or

(b) is entitled to receive (otherwise than by way of loan) in

respect of the damage any sum payable on behalf of His Majesty or by a civil defence authority acting as such, not being a sum payable by virtue of either of the said Acts,

the payment under Part I of this Act or the policy shall be withheld or reduced, as the case may require, for the purpose of securing—

(i) that the total amount (excluding any interest) paid in respect of the damage under the said Part I or the said policy is reduced by the aggregate of any such sums received or receivable in respect of the damage as are referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection; or

(ii) if the aggregate of those sums exceeds the total amount

(excluding any interest) which, apart from the provisions of this subsection, would be payable in respect of the damage under the said Part I or the said policy, that no payment in respect of the damage is made under the said Part I or the said policy,

and any interest on the payment shall be withheld or reduced accordingly.

85

Part IV.

—coni

Avoidance of duplication of payments in respect of war

damage.

86

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Contributions and premiums to be treated as capital outgoings.

Payments

under

Parts I and II to be subject to conditions in case of nonresidents.

In this subsection the expression " civil defence authority" means a local authority on whom functions have been conferred or imposed by or under the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 and 1939.

(3) Where war damage occurs to any land or goods in the United Kingdom and it is certified by the Secretary of State or other Minister in charge of a Government department that the damage arose out of action taken on behalf of or by agreement with, or under the direction of a person acting on behalf of or by agreement with the Crown, being action taken for purposes with which that department is concerned, no damages shall be recoverable for—

(a) the damage to the land; or

(b) the damage to the goods, in so far as payment in respect

thereof falls to be made under the provisions of this Act or under a policy issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II thereof,

on the grounds that the damage was attributable to negligence, nuisance or breach of duty.

(4) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, a certificate purporting to be issued by the Secretary of State or other Minister in charge of a Government department, and to be signed by him or on his behalf, shall be receivable in evidence and shall be deemed, until the contrary is proved, to be a certificate of the Secretary of State or Minister.

82. Contributions made and indemnities given under Part I of this Act, and premiums paid under policies issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II of this Act, shall be treated for all purposes as outgoings of a capital nature.

83. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in Part I of this Act, any payment thereunder in respect of war damage, or any share of such a payment, which the Commission are satisfied would inure for the benefit of a person not resident in the United Kingdom at the time when the payment would fall due shall be payable only as to so much thereof, and subject to such conditions, as may be determined in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the power of the Board of Trade to determine the extent and nature of the indemnity provided under either of the schemes operated under Part II of this Act, any prescribed form of policy under that scheme shall contain provisions securing that a payment thereunder which the Board are satisfied would inure for the benefit of a person not resident in the United Kingdom at the time when the payment would fall due shall be payable only as aforesaid.

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of this section may contain such provisions (including penal provisions) as appear to

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

GH. 12.

87

the Treasury to be necessary for securing the due operation and enforcement of the regulations.

84. No sum shall be deducted in computing the amount of the profits or gains of any person for any purpose of the Income Tax Acts or the profits of any person for the purposes of the national defence contribution or for the purposes of excess profits tax, and no sum shall be included in computing—

(a) the expenses of management of any person in respect of which relief may be claimed under section thirty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1918; or

(b) the cost to any person of maintenance, repairs, insurance and management in respect of which relief may be claimed under Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A; or

(c) the cost to any person of management or supervision in respect of which relief may be claimed under section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1922, '

in respect of—

(1) any payment made in or towards the discharge of any liability imposed on him under Part I of this Act as, or as a mortgagee of, a direct or indirect contributor;

(ii) any premium payable under a policy issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II of this Act; or

(iii) any expenditure on repairing or otherwise making good war damage in so far as he is entitled to a payment in respect of the damage by virtue of the provisions of this Act or by virtue of a policy issued under either of the said schemes.

85. — (1) Where there has been made by the appropriate Minister a loan under section two of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939, for the purpose of repairing or replacing any plant used for the purposes of an undertaking, so much of any payment under Part I of this Act as consists of the proper cost of works executed for that purpose or so much of any payment under the business scheme operated under Part II of this Act, or of any payment that the Board of Trade have decided to make under section sixty-eight of this Act, as is referable to that plant, as the case may be, may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act or in any policy of insurance issued in pursuance of the said scheme, in lieu of being paid by the Commission or, as the case may be, by the Board of Trade, be discharged by crediting the appropriate amount to the person carrying on the undertaking in his account with the said Minister.

(2) In this section the expression " the appropriate Minister " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939.

Part IV.

—cont.

Certain expenses not to be a deduction for income tax,

national defence contribution or excess profits tax.

8 &gGeo. 5. c. 40.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Set-off of certain payments under Parts I and II against loans under s. 2 of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 74.

88

Part IV. —cont.

Set-off of certain payments under

Parts I and II against loans out of Vote of Credit.

Provision

as to

certain

mutual

insurance

schemes.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

86. Where war damage has occurred to any building occupied, or plant or works used, for the purposes of an undertaking, and a loan either for the purpose of making good the damage, or partly for that purpose and partly for other purposes, has been made by a Minister of the Crown out of moneys provided by Parliament to the person carrying on the undertaking, on the ground that, immediately before the occurrence of the damage, the undertaking was being carried on for purposes which, in the opinion of the said Minister, were essential to the efficient prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged, so much of any payment under Part I of this Act as consists of the proper cost of any works executed for the purpose of making good the damage, or so much of any payment under the business scheme operated under Part II of this Act or any payment that the Board of Trade have decided to make under section sixty-eight of this Act, as is referable to the damage, may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act or in any policy of insurance issued in pursuance of the said scheme, in lieu of being paid by the Commission, or, as the case may be, by the Board of Trade, be discharged by crediting the appropriate amount to the person carrying on the undertaking in his account with the said Minister.

87. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no person shall, after such date as may be prescribed by order of the Board of Trade, take part in the promoting or carrying on of any business or scheme whereby persons are, or may become, entitled or eligible, either absolutely or conditionally, to or for any form of indemnification, whether total or partial, and whether by way of a money payment or not, in respect of war damage to land or to goods which are insurable in relation to those persons respectively under Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, or under either of the insurance schemes operated under Part II of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) the Board of Trade may direct that the provisions of this subsection shall not apply in relation to any business or scheme specified in the direction of which the primary purpose is the provision of indemnification against losses arising otherwise than by reason of war damage to land or goods, or which operates only as respects goods which, by virtue of an order of the Board of Trade under subsection (iC) of section nine of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, are not compulsorily insurable under Part II of that Act, or as respects goods which by virtue of an order of the Board under paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section sixty-two of this Act are not compulsorily insurable under the business scheme operated under Part II of this Act;

1941. War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(b) the said provisions shall not apply in relation to any

business or scheme which operates only so as to insure persons, in respect of goods insurable in relation to them under either of the schemes operated under Part II of this Act, against losses in respect of which, by reason of the provision of policies issued under the scheme in question limiting the indemnity provided thereunder, they are unable to recover under the scheme irrespective of the amount for which they -are insured;

(c) the Board of Trade may direct that, subject to compliance

with any conditions imposed by the Board, the provisions of this subsection shall not apply in relation to any scheme specified in the direction, being a scheme which appears to the Board to be devised primarily as a scheme for affording assistance to persons who have suffered loss from war damage to their property rather than as a scheme of insurance, whether total or partial, against the occurrence of war damage to property.

(2) Where, in pursuance of any such business or such scheme as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, any fund has been constituted before the passing of this Act for the purpose of providing any form of such indemnification as aforesaid in respect of war damage to land or goods, the persons having control of the fund may, and, if the carrying on of the business or scheme has become illegal under the said subsection (1), shall, treat the passing of this Act as an event upon the happening of which the fund becomes distributable, and distribute the fund among the persons and in the shares provided for by the deed or instrument regulating the application of the fund:

Provided that, where the fund is distributed by virtue of this subsection—

(a) any claim in respect of war damage outstanding against

the fund shall be disregarded;

(b) any payment in respect of war damage made out of the

fund to any person on or before the eleventh day of December nineteen hundred and forty shall not be repayable but shall be treated as having been paid in satisfaction, either wholly or as far as the amount of the payment will go, of any sum payable to that person on the distribution of the fund; and

(c) any such payment made out of the fund after the said date shall be recoverable by the persons having control of the fund from the person to whom it was paid.

(3) Where the persons entitled to participate in the distribution of any such fund as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection, or the shares in which persons are entitled to participate in the distribution of the fund, are, under the deed or instrument regulating

89

Part IV.

—con'.

90

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Amendments by Defence Regulations.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 20.

Information as to Schedule A assessment and rating valuation.

Restriction on disclosure of information.

the application of the fund, to be ascertained by reference to any date specified in the deed or instrument, the deed or instrument shall be construed, for the purposes of a distribution made by virtue of the last preceding subsection, as if the said date were the date of the passing of this Act.

(4) If any person contravenes subsection (1) of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds and to a further fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day on which the contravention continues.

(5) Proceedings for an offence under subsection (1) of this section shall not, in England or Northern Ireland, be instituted except by or with the consent of the Board of Trade.

(6) Section ten of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, is hereby repealed.

88>. — (1) The purposes for which Defence Regulations may be made shall include the effecting of any amendments of Parts II and III of this Act, and shall include, and be deemed always to have included, the effecting of any amendments of Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

(2) Defence Regulations (whether made before or after the commencement of this Act) effecting any such amendments shall not be invalid by reason that they extend the scope of compulsory insurance; and for the purposes of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, this Act shall be deemed to have been passed before the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940.

89. — (1) The obligation as to secrecy imposed by any enactment with regard to income tax shall not prevent the disclosure to the War Damage Commission or the Board of Trade of any such information relating to the assessment of any land for the purposes of Schedule A as may be necessary for the purposes of this Act.

(2) The rating authority for any area shall furnish the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or the Board of Trade with any such information relating to the valuation of any land or other property in their area as the Commissioners or the Board may require for the purposes of this Act.

90. — (1) No information relating to any individual business, being information which has been obtained by, or on behalf of, any person for the purposes of his functions under this Act, shall, without the previous consent in writing of the owner for the time being of that business, be published or disclosed otherwise than in connection with the execution or for the purposes of this Act or any order, regulation or scheme having effect by virtue of this Act.

(2) Nothing in the preceding subsection shall apply to any disclosure of any information made for the purposes of any legal

1941. War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

proceedings pursuant to this Act (including any appeal or reference under section six or nine thereof and any appeal to the Special Commissioners under Part I thereof) or of any criminal proceedings which may be taken whether pursuant to this Act or otherwise, or for the purposes of any report of any such proceedings as aforesaid.

(3) If any person discloses any information in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not^ exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

91. All expenses incurred for the purposes of this Act by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or by the Board of Trade shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and all sums received by the Board of Trade under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

92. Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or before the President of the Board of Trade, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

93. — (1) Any regulations made under this Act by the Treasury and any order made thereunder by the Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the making thereof, be laid before Parliament, and if either House of Parliament within the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which any such regulations or order are or is laid before it resolves that the regulations or order be annulled, the regulations or order shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations or a new order.

In reckoning any such period of twenty-eight days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, regulations made under this Act by the Treasury shall be deemed not to be, or to contain, statutory rules to which that section applies.

(3) Any order made under this Act by the Board of Trade may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order so made and subject to the like conditions as the original order.

91

Part IV. —coni.

Expenses.

Provisions as to Board of Trade.

Provisions as to

regulations and orders.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

92

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV. —cont. Assignment of proceedings arising under this Act to special judges.

Interpre-' tation.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 44.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 112.

General.

94. — (1) The Lord Chancellor may nominate such number of judges of the High Court as appears to him to be expedient as nominated judges for the purposes of this Act.

(2) Subject to rules of court, and to any power of transfer from one judge to another, any proceedings in the High Court for the enforcement of any right conferred by this Act shall, so far as is practicable, be heard and determined by one or more, as the case may require, of the nominated judges; and if in any proceedings in the High Court an issue arises which involves the determination of the construction or effect of this Act, the court or a judge thereof may, in accordance with and subject to rules of court, direct that the proceedings be heard and determined as aforesaid.

95. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say :—

" agricultural land " and 44 agricultural buildings " have the same meanings as in the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, except that " agricultural building " includes a farm-house occupied in connection with any agricultural land and any agricultural cottage so occupied which is on or contiguous to that land;

" agricultural cottage " means, in relation to any land, a house used as a dwelling-house of a person who is employed in agricultural operations on that land in the service of the occupier thereof and is entitled, whether as tenant or otherwise, so to use the house only while so employed;

" building " includes a building in an incomplete state, and in relation to such a building the expression " use " includes potential use;

" contributory property " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section nineteen of this Act, " contributory value " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section nineteen thereof, " direct contributor " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section twenty-three thereof, and " indirect contributor" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section twenty-five thereof;

" Defence Regulations" means regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or the' Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940;

" emergency powers" means powers conferred by Defence Regulations, by section fifty-two of the Telegraph Act,

1941.

tt

War Damage Ch. 12. 93

Act, 1941.

1863, or by section seven of the Air Navigation Act, Part IV. 1920, or exercisable by virtue of the prerogative of the emit.— Crown; and " exercise " includes, in relation to emergency 80

powers, a purported exercise thereof;

family " means, in relation to any person, any one or more

of the following, that is to say—

(a) his wife, son, daughter, father, mother; and

(b) any person, whether related to him or not, who is wholly or mainly dependent upon him;

goods "does not include money, negotiable instruments, securities for money, evidences of title to any property or right or of the discharge of any obligation, or any documents owned for the purpose of a business, but, subject as aforesaid, includes all corporeal property neither falling (whether generally or in relation to any particular land) within the meaning of the expression " land " as hereinafter defined, nor deemed, for the purposes of section forty-one of this Act, to form part of a highway;

land" means land in the United Kingdom, and—-

(a) includes any buildings or works (other than plant or machinery excluded by paragraph (d) of this definition, and other than any works used mainly or exclusively for the exhibition of advertisements and comprised in any property as respects which the proviso to subsection (1) of section nineteen of this Act has effect by virtue of paragraph (i) of that proviso) situated on, over or under land;

(b) includes anything which, on a valuation for rating purposes for the time being in force made by reference to the accounts, receipts, profits or output of an undertaking, was treated as the subject of an occupation enjoyed by the person carrying on the undertaking;

(c) includes, in relation to land not comprised in a hereditament for rating purposes which is the subject of such a valuation as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph, such plant and machinery as would, if the land were a hereditament to which section twenty-four

of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, applied, be 15 & 16 by virtue of the provisions of that section and of the Geo. 5. c. 90. Plant and Machinery (Valuation for Rating) Order,

1927, deemed for the purposes mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section to be a part of the land, or, where the land is a hereditament to which the said section applies, such plant and machinery as is so deemed for those purposes to be a part of the land;

94

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

(d) does not include any plant or machinery other than such as is included by virtue of paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of this definition;

(e) does not include any crop, whether grown for food or not, and does not include trees, except trees forming part of a hedge and trees whose value for shelter or amenity is greater than their value for felling or for the growing of fruit for sale;

" making good " includes, in relation to war damage, demolition or clearance requisite as a preliminary to, or in the course of, the making good thereof;

" mortgage " does not include a floating charge, but, subject as aforesaid, includes any charge or lien on any property for securing money or money's worth;

" net liability " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act;

" owner", in relation to a proprietary interest, has the meaning assigned to it by section forty-five of this Act;

" prescribed "—

(a) in Part I of this Act, means prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury; and

(b) in Part II of this Act, means prescribed by order of the Board of Trade;

" proper cost " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section three of this Act;

" proprietary interest " means, in relation to any hereditament or property—

(a) the fee simple in the land comprised therein or in any part of that land; and

(5) any tenancy of that land or of any part thereof, other than a short tenancy;

" rating authority "—

(a) means a rating authority under section one of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925;

(5) in relation to London, has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section seven of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928;

(c) in relation to the Isles of Scilly, means the Council of the said Isles;

" relevant date " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section twenty of this Act;

1941*

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

95

" risk period" means the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one;

" Schedule A " and " Schedule D " have the same meanings as in any enactment relating to income tax;

" short tenancy" means a tenancy granted for a term of seven years or less (without any right of renewal which would enable the tenant to prolong the term thereof beyond seven years), and includes—

(a) a tenancy granted for a term of more than seven years but subject to a subsisting right of the landlord to determine the tenancy at or before the expiration of seven years from the beginning of the term;

(b) a tenancy from year to year;

" Special Commissioners " has the same meaning as in the enactments relating to income tax;

" temporary works payment " has the meaning assigned to it by section five of this Act;

" tenancy " includes a tenancy under an under-lease and a tenancy under an agreement for a lease or under-lease, but does not include an option to take a tenancy and does not include a mortgage;

" war damage " has the meaning assigned to it by section eighty of this Act;

" works " .includes any structure.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, an activity shall not be deemed to be other than a business by reason only that it is of a professional nature, or that it is not carried on for gain.

(3) In considering for the purposes of this Act the length of time which any tenancy, other than such a tenancy as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of the next succeeding subsection, has still to run at any date, it shall be assumed that the tenant exercises all options to renew the tenancy which are available to him at that date or fall to become available to him thereafter, and does not exercise any similar power to determine the tenancy, and that the landlord exercises any power to determine the tenancy which is available to him at that date or becomes available to him thereafter.

(4) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) a tenancy which by virtue of subsection (6) of section one hundred and forty-nine of the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which relates to leases for lives and similar tenancies), takes effect as a tenancy for a term of ninety years determinable in the manner provided by that subsection

Part. IV.

—cont.

96

Part IV.

—cont.

Application to Scotland.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 41.

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

shall be treated as having, at any date, twenty or more, but less than twenty-five, years to run; and

(b) a tenancy granted for any term, but subject to a power to determine the tenancy on or after the happening of any event, shall be treated as having still to run, at any date, a period of twenty or more, but less than twenty-five, years:

Provided that where at that date less than twenty years of the term is unexpired, the tenancy shall be treated as having then still to run a period equal to so much of the term as is then unexpired.

(5) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, save where the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

Application to Scotland and Northern .

96. — (1) This Act shall extend to Scotland subject to the modifications specified in the following provisions of this section.

(2) For any reference to the Minister of Health or to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or to the Board of Education there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; for any reference to the High Court there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of Session; and for any reference to the county court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.

(3) The expressions " local authority " and local authority for the purposes of Part II of the Housing Act, 1936", mean a county or town council, and the expression " precept " includes any certificate* or other document requiring payment from a rating authority.

(4) The expression " proprietary interest " means, in relation to any hereditament or property, the estate or interest of the person entered or entitled to be entered in the ordinary valuation roll as the proprietor of the land comprised in the hereditament or in any part of that land:

Provided that—

(a) where the person so entered or entitled to be so entered is a lessee under a lease the stipulated duration of which is more than twenty-one years, or in the case of minerals more than thirty-one years from the date of entry, the immediate and any superior lessors shall also be deemed to be owners of proprietary interests in such land or part;

(b) where a lessee is so entered or entitled to be entered in pursuance of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1895, in respect of erections or structural improvements on the subjects let, he shall be deemed to be the owner of the fee simple in such erections or structural improvement; and

1941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(c) where a lessee or a landholder within the meaning of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1911 to 1931, has made or acquired erections or structural improvements in respect of which he is not required to be so entered by reason only that the erections or improvements fall within one of the classes specified in paragraphs (1), (2) or (3) of section four of the said Act of 1895, he shall be deemed to be the owner of the sole proprietary interest and of the fee simple in such erections or improvements.

(5) The expression " mortgage " in Part I of this Act means—

(a) a heritable security within the meaning of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924, exclusive of a security by way of ground annual and a real burden ad factum praestandum but inclusive of a security constituted by ex facie absolute disposition; or

(b) an assignation in security of a lease recorded under the

Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857;

and the expressions " mortgagee " " mortgagor " and " mortgaged interest " shall be construed accordingly.

(6) The expressions " fee simple " and " fee simple absolute in possession " mean the estate or interest of the proprietor of the dominium utile, or, in the case of property, other than feudal property, of the owner, the expression " easement" means servitude, and the expression " under-lease" means sub-lease.

(7) The expression " rating authority" means (a) in section thirty-nine a county or town council, and (b) elsewhere a county or town council charged with the duty of causing a valuation roll to be made up.

(8) The expression " agricultural land" means any agricultural lands and heritages (other than buildings) within the meaning of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, and the expression " agricultural buildings" means buildings occupied together with agricultural land or being or forming part of a market garden, and in either case used solely in connection with agricultural operations thereon, exclusive of any dwelling-house not being either a farmhouse occupied in connection with any agricultural land or an agricultural cottage so occupied which is on or contiguous to that land.

(9) For any reference to money had and received to the use of His Majesty there shall be substituted a reference to a debt due to the Crown; for any reference to a valuation list there shall be substituted a reference to a valuation roll; and for any reference to the Rating and Valuation Acts, 1925 to 1940, there shall be substituted a reference to the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854.

(10) Sections fifteen, forty-five, forty-nine, fifty and ninety-four shall not apply.

G

97

Part IV.

—cont.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 27.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 26.

17 & 18

Vict. c. 91.

98

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV. (11) In arriving at the net assessment of any contributory pro-

—cont. perty or of any farm under section nineteen or section sixty-two, there shall be deducted from the full annual value as ascertained for the purposes of an assessment under Schedule A, in addition to the sums directed by those sections to be deducted, the amount of the stipend payable in respect of the property or farm during the year for which such assessment was in force.

(12) Section nineteen shall have effect as if—

(a) paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of the proviso to subsection (1) and the words from " so, however/’ to the end of the subsection were omitted and there were substituted the following:—

" (ii) if the property consisted of salmon, oyster or mussel fishings ";

(6) for any reference to the net annual value of a property shown in a valuation list there were substituted a reference to the gross annual value of a property entered in a valuation roll less—

(i) any sums on which relief would have been allowed under Rules 1,4, and 7 of No. V. of Schedule A if an assessment based on such gross annual value had been made under Schedule A; and

(ii) the amount of the stipend payable in respect of the property during the year for which such valuation roll was in force; and

(c) the proviso to subsection (2) were omitted.

(13) Section twenty shall have effect as if—

(a) for paragraph (e) of the proviso to subsection (3) the

following paragraph were substituted—

" (e) which consisted of shootings or of fishings (other than salmon, oyster or mussel fishings) or of any other incorporeal rights and

(b) the words in subsection (3) from " but nothing " to

" occupation of land " were omitted.

(14) A tenement comprising dwelling houses the rateable value of none of which exceeds thirty-five pounds shall, notwithstanding that some or all of its component parts may be separately assessed to Schedule A or separately entered in the valuation roll, be deemed for the purposes of section twenty-five to be a single contributory property to which that section applies.

(15) Where the interest of a direct or indirect contributor in respect of a contributory property to which section twenty-five applies is at the relevant date subject to two or more heritable securities to

1941* War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

which the said section applies, and which rank pari passu, those heritable securities shall for the purposes of the said section be treated as one heritable security, and the amount of any indemnity to or in which the creditors in such heritable securities may be entitled or liable shall be divided among them in proportion to the respective amounts secured by their securities.

(16) Section twenty-six shall have effect as if—

(a) for any reference to rights mentioned in section six of the

Rating Act, 1874, there were substituted a reference to shootings or fishings other than salmon, oyster or mussel fishings; and

(b) subsections (3) and (5) were omitted.

(17) Section thirty-three and the definition of " land " in subsection (1) of section ninety-five shall have effect as if the Acts and the Order therein respectively mentioned applied to Scotland.

(18) In relation to a harbour, quay or pier undertaking to which Part III of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1937, applies, the appropriate department for the purposes of section forty shall be the Secretary of State instead of the Minister of Transport.

(19) Section forty-one shall have effect as if—

(a) for any reference to a county borough there were substituted a reference to a large burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929; and

(b) for any reference to a county district there were sub-

stituted a reference to a small burgh within the meaning of that Act;

and for the purpose of any contribution payable under the said section a small burgh within the meaning of the aforesaid Act shall be deemed to be included within the county in which it is situated.

(20) Section forty-four shall have effect as if for any reference in subsection (1) thereof to a net annual value there were substituted a reference to a gross annual value.

(21) Section forty-six shall have effect as if—

(a) subsection (1) were omitted; and

(b) for references in subsection (5) to payment to the proper officer of the Supreme Court and of the county court there were substituted references to consignation subject to the orders of the Court of Session and of the sheriff court, respectively.

99

Part IV.

—cont.

1 Edw/8. & 1 Geo/6. c. 28.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

100

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV. (22) Section fifty-one shall have effect as if—

—cont.

(a) for subsection (1) the following subsection were substituted :—

" (1) Subsection (4) of section four of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939 (which relates to the recovery of expenses incurred by local authorities in making fit for housing purposes buildings damaged by war) is hereby repealed"; and

(b) subsection (2) were omitted.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 58.

(23) Section fifty-two shall have effect as if for a reference to any provision of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939, there were substituted a reference to the provision substituted therefor by section five of the said Act.

(24) Where a value payment is made in whole or in part in respect of a proprietary interest that was subject immediately before the occurrence of the war damage to a trust within the meaning of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, or to an entail or to a life-rent, the sum so paid shall be held and applied in like manner as if the proprietary interest had been acquired under compulsory powers and the said sum were the purchase money or compensation therefor.

(25) Payment of contributions in respect of any contributory property by an heir of entail shall be deemed to be expenditure on improvements within the meaning of the Entail Acts.

(26) A county or town council shall have power to borrow such sums as may be necessary for the purpose of paying contributions or premiums under this Act:

Provided that such power shall not be exercised except with the consent of, and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by—

(a) the Minister of Transport as regards highways, omnibuses, tramways, trolley vehicles and garages therefor;

(b) the Electricity Commissioners as regards electricity under-

takings; and

(c) the Secretary of State in any other case.

(27) An order by a referee as to the costs of any appeal or reference to him under section six or section nine where the amount of the valuation as determined by the Commission, or the value payment, as the case may be, does not exceed five hundred pounds, may be enforced by leave of the sheriff.

Application 97. — (1) This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland subject to

to Northern the modifications specified in the following provisions of this section. Ireland

I941- War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(2) References to the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall be construed as references to that Act as it applies in Northern Ireland, and for the reference to the Reference Committees for England and Scotland there shall be substituted a reference to the Reference Committee for Northern Ireland.

(3) For any reference to money had and received to the use of His Majesty there shall be substituted a reference to a debt due to the Crown; and for any reference to the Rating and Valuation Acts, 1925 to 1940, there shall be substituted a reference to the Valuation Acts (Northern Ireland), 1852 to 1940.

(4) The reference in subsection (3) of section nine to the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act, 1939, shall be construed as a reference to any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force.

(5) Section eleven shall have effect as if, in subsection (1) thereof, for the word " area " in the fir$t place in which that word occurs there were substituted the word "district", and as if for the words "In this subsection the expression ‘ area ’ means the area of a local authority for the purposes of Part II of the Housing Act, 1936," there were substituted the words "In this subsection the expression ' district means the district of a local authority for the purposes of Part II of the Housing Act (Northern Ireland), 1939".

(6) Section nineteen shall have effect as if, in the proviso to subsection (1), the words from " so, however," to the end of the proviso, and the pro'risoto subsection (2^. were omitted.

(7) The expression ,f net 'annual ’vaTue " meaps* the net -annual value under the Valuation Acts (Northern Ireland), 1852 to 1940, and the net annual value shown in a provisional or revised valuation for the time being, in force by virtue of any enactment pending the annual revision of valuation under the said Acts shall be deemed to be the net annual value shown in the valuation list.

(8) The expression "summary conviction" means conviction subject to, and in accordance with, the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act.

(9) The expression " Government department " includes a department of the Government of Northern Ireland.

(10) Sections nineteen and twenty shall have effect as if for the references therein to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries there were substituted references to the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland.

(n) Where a house or building let in different apartments or tenements, and occupied by two or more persons severally, comprises more than one contributory property, but each of the contributory properties is used or suitable for use for residential purposes

IOI

Part IV.

—cont.

14 & 15

Vict. c. 93.

102 CH. 12. War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV. and has a contributory value not exceeding thirty-five pounds, the —cont‘ house or building shall be deemed for the purposes of section twenty-

five to be a single contributory property to which that section applies.

(12) Paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section

twenty-six shall have effect as if for the reference to the rating authority for the area in which the properties mentioned in that section are situated there were substituted a reference to the Commissioner of Valuation.

(13) Section thirty-three and the definition of "land " in sub-.section (1) of section ninety-five shall have effect as if the Acts and the Order therein respectively mentioned applied to Northern Ireland.

(14) Section forty shall have effect as if for subsection (6) the following subsection were substituted :—

" (6) In this section the expression ‘ appropriate department ’ means—

(a) in relation to any railway, light railway, tramway, trolley-vehicle, sewerage, sewage disposal, refuse disposal or water undertaking, or any drainage authority, the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland;

(b) in relation to any canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, quay, pier, gas, hydraulic power or electricity undertaking and in relation to any mining or quarrying

/undertaking, the Ministry’ of 'Commerce for Northern

V V: /‘Ireland:

(c) in relation to any lighthouse undertaking, the Minister of Shipping;

(d) in relation to any other undertaking, such Government department as the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland may determine;

and the expression ‘ drainage authority' means a county council acting as a drainage authority under the Drainage Acts (Northern Ireland), 1925 to 1935

(15) In section forty-one—

(a) the expression " highway maintainable at the public expense "means a road or street maintainable at the cost of the council of a county, county borough or urban district and includes any bridge, viaduct or tunnel carrying a road or street, and any pedestrian subway or pipe subway, being a bridge, viaduct, tunnel or subway which is maintainable at the cost of such a council;

(b) the expression " highway authority" means the council of a county, county borough or urban district;

I941* War Damage Ch. 12. 103

Act, 1941.

(c) the expression " expenses for general county purposes " Part IV.

means county at large charges; and —coni.

(d) for the reference to a traffic sign there shall be substituted

a reference to any sign post or other device provided by a highway authority for the guidance or direction of persons using a road or street.

(16) Section forty-two shall have effect as if for the references to the Air Raid Precautions Act, 1937, to the Civil Defence Act,

1939, and to section twenty-two of that Act there were substituted respectively references to the Air Raid Precautions Act (Northern Ireland), 1938, to the Civil Defence Act (Northern Ireland), 1939, and to section twenty of the last mentioned Act; for the references to the Minister of Home Security and to the Board of Education there were substituted respectively references to the Ministry of Public Security for Northern Ireland and to the Ministry of Education for Northern Ireland; for the reference to Parliament there were substituted a reference to the Parliament of Northern Ireland; for the reference to materials provided on behalf of His Majesty there were substituted a reference to materials provided on behalf of the Crown or of any Government department.

(17) Section forty-five shall have effect as if, in subsection (3)

thereof, for the reference to section nine of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, there were substituted a reference to section fifteen of the Court of Probate Act (Ireland), 1859. 22 & 23

Vict. c. 31.

(18) Section forty-eight shall have effect as if for subsection (1) the following subsection were substituted:—

" (1) Notwithstanding the provisions of any instrument, capital money arising under the Settled Land Act, 1882, 45 & 46 may be applied in or towards the discharge of any liability Vict- c- 38. as, or as a mortgagee of, a direct or indirect contributor

(19) Section sixty-two shall have effect as if, in subsections (2) and (4), for any reference to the net assessment of the farm for the purposes of Schedule A there were substituted a reference to the net annual value of the farm, and as if subsection (5) were omitted.

(20) Section eighty-one shall have effect as if for the reference to the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 and 1939, there were substituted a reference to the Civil Defence Acts (Northern Ireland), 1938 and 1939.

(21) Section eighty-nine shall have effect as if for subsection (2) the following subsection were substituted :—

" (2) The Commissioner of Valuation shall furnish the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or the Board of Trade with any such information relating to the valuation of land in Northern Ireland as the Commissioners or the Board may require for the purposes of this Act".

104

Part IV.

— con

Liability of Northern Ireland Government departments as mortgagees.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37.

Repeal in part of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 32 (N.I.).

Amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 34 (N.I.).

Ch. 12. War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(22) Section ninety-four shall have effect as if, in subsection (1) thereof, for the references to the Lord Chancellor and to the High Court there were substituted respectively references to the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland and to the Supreme Court.

(23) Section ninety-five shall have effect as if in subsection (1) for the reference to the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, there were substituted a reference to the Valuation Acts Amendment Act (Northern Ireland), 1932.

98. — (1) A department of the Government of Northern Ireland shall be under the same liabilities as mortgagee of a direct or indirect contributor as a subject of the realm.

(2) Section twenty-five of this Act shall, in its application to a contributory property which is subject to a charge created in respect of the repayment of an advance under the Acts relating to land purchase in Northern Ireland, have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) any reference to the amount secured by the mortgage shall

be construed as a reference to the amount (determined in accordance with the Irish Land (Finance) Rules, 1910, made by the Treasury under section forty-six of the Irish Land Act, 1903) which is required to redeem the outstanding instalments of the purchase annuity payable in respect of the advance;

(b) any reference to the mortgagee shall be construed as a

reference to the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland;

(c) paragraph (b) of subsection (8) shall not apply.

99. — (1) Subsections (1), (2), (3), (4) and (5) of section two of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act (Northern Ireland), 1939 (which relate to the recovery of expenses incurred by local authorities in making fit for housing purposes buildings damaged by war), are hereby repealed.

(2) A charge to which any building has become subject by virtue of the said subsection (4) is hereby discharged.

100. — (1) Subsections (1), (2), (3), (4) and (5) of section two of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act (Northern Ireland), 1939, and subsection (3) of section four of that Act (which relate respectively to the recovery of expenses incurred by local authorities in repairing buildings used for purposes essential to the welfare of the civil population that have been damaged by war, and to the recovery of loans made by the appropriate Ministry for the purpose of repairing any such building) are hereby repealed.

1941*

War Damage Act, 1941. Ch. 12. 105

(2) A charge to which any building or premises has or have Part IV. become subject by virtue of subsection (4) of the said section two —coni. or of subsection (3) of the said section four is hereby discharged.

(3) Where works have been executed by any person (whether that person is a local authority or not), being works for the purpose of the execution whereof a loan has been made to that person under section one of the said Act by the appropriate Ministry, so much of any payment under Part I of this Act as consists of the proper cost of those works may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, be paid to the appropriate Ministry in discharge of the loan made by it.

(4) Where works have been executed by some person other than a local authority, being works for the purpose of the execution whereof there has been made to that person by a local authority a loan either under paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section one of the said Act or in pursuance of a notice under paragraph (i) of subsection (4) of that section, then—

(a) in a case in which there has been made to the local authority by the appropriate Ministry a loan, under paragraph ( of the said subsection (3), of an equivalent amount, or under paragraph (ii) of the said subsection (4) of such amount as is necessary to enable the authority to comply with the notice, as the case may be, so much of any payment under Part I of this Act as consists of the proper cost of those works may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, be paid to the appropriate Ministry which shall credit the appropriate amount to the authority in their account with the said Ministry in respect of that loan and the authority shall credit the like amount to the person who has executed the works in question in his account with the authority in respect of the loan made by them;

(b) in any other case, so much of any such payment as aforesaid may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of this Act, be paid to the local authority in discharge of the loan made by them.

(5) In this section the expression " the appropriate Ministry " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act (Northern Ireland),

101. — (1) Where there has been made by the appropriate Set-off of a loan under section three of the Essential Buildings and certain pay-flant (Repair of War Damage) Act (Northern Ireland) 1939, for the purpose of repairing or replacing any plant used for the purposes n of an undertaking, so much of any payment under Part I of this loans under

x939-

lo6

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV. —coni. s. 3 of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 34 (N.I.).

Short title and repeal.

Section x.

Act as consists of the proper cost of works executed for that purpose or so much of any payment under the business scheme operated under Part II of this Act, or of any payment that the Board of Trade have decided to make under section sixty-eight of this Act, as is referable to that plant, as the case may be, may, notwithstandiing anything in section nine of this Act or in any policy of insurance issued in pursuance of the said scheme, be paid to the appropriate Ministry which shall credit the appropriate amount to the person carrying on the undertaking in his account with the said Ministry.

(2) In this section the expression " the appropriate Ministry " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act (Northern Ireland), 1939-

Short Title and Repeal.

102. — (1) This Act may be cited as the War Damage Act, 1941.

(2) The enactments mentioned ifi the first and second columns of the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Constitution and Procedure of the War Damage Commission.

Membership.

1. The Commission shall consist of a chairman and such number of other members as the Treasury may think expedient, to be appointed by the Treasury.

2. The appointment of a member of the Commission shall be for such term as may be determined by the Treasury before his appointment and shall be subject to such conditions as may be so determined; and a member of the Commission who ceases to hold office shall be eligible for re-appointment.

3. A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Commission so long as he is. a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

Capacity and proceedings.

4. The Commission shall have power to act notwithstanding a vacancy among the members thereof, and at any meeting of the Commission two, or such greater number as the Commission may determine, shall be the quorum.

y

1941. War Damage , Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

5. Ail acts done at a meeting of the Commission shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was a defect in the appointment of a person purporting to be a member thereof, be as valid as if the defect had not existed.

6. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule the Commission shall have power to regulate their own procedure, including the manner in which, and the officers of the Commission by whom, questions subject to determination by the Commission under this Act are to be determined and the manner in which determinations made by officers acting in any locality are to be subject to review by a deputy commissioner or other superior officer or by members of the Commission.

Officers and servants, and remuneration.

7. The Treasury may appoint a secretary to the Commission, and the Commission may appoint such deputy commissioners and other officers, and such servants, as the Treasury may determine.

8. The Treasury may pay out of moneys provided by Parliament to the members, officers and servants of the Commission such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or by way of fees), and such allowances, as the Treasury may determine.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Appeals and References under Part I to a

Referee.

1. The decision of the referee on an appeal or. reference under section six or nine of this Act shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be final:

Provided that immediately after the determination by the referee of the appeal or reference, any party thereto, if dissatisfied with the determination as being erroneous in point of law, may declare his dissatisfaction to the referee who heard the appeal or reference, and, having done so, may, within such time as may be limited by rules of court, require the referee to state and sign a case for the opinion thereon of the High Court, or, where the party making the requirement so elects and the amount of the valuation as determined by the Commission, or of the value payment, as the case may be, does not exceed five hundred pounds, of the county court.

2. The Reference Committees for England and Scotland constituted by section thirty-three of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall make rules subject to the approval of the Treasury for giving effect to the provisions of Part I of this Act relating to such appeals and references as aforesaid and such rules shall in particular make provision—

(a) as to the time within which, and the manner in which, any such appeal or reference is to be made;

(6) as to the manner in which the referee to whom any such appeal or reference is to be made is to be selected;

107

1ST SCH.

—cont.

Sections 6,9.

io8

Ch. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

2nd Sch. (c) for limiting the number of expert witnesses who may be heard at

—coni. the instance of any party to one, except where the referee

otherwise determines; and

(d) as to the form in which any decision of the referee is to be given, and as to the amendment of any such decision in pursuance of any directions which, on appeal to any court, may be given by that court.

3. A referee may order that the costs of any appeal or reference to him incurred by any party shall be paid by any other party, and any such order as to costs shall have effect as if it were an order of the High Court, save that it shall not be enforced as such except by leave of that court, or of a judge thereof.

Section 17. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Payments under Part I in cases of Repeated Damage.

1. Subject to the subsequent provisions of this Schedule, the references in sections three and four of this Act to war damage shall be construed as references to war damage occurring on a single occasion, and accordingly the nature and amount of the payment to be made in respect of war damage occurring on each of two or more occasions shall, subject as aforesaid, be determined separately.

2. Where a developed hereditament, being or including a developed hereditament which has already sustained (whether on a single occasion or on two or more occasions) war damage not being such that a value payment is to be made in respect thereof, sustains on a subsequent occasion war damage such that the making good thereof, and of the damage sustained earlier so far as not already made good, would be likely, in the opinion of the Commission, to require works costing more than the difference between the value which the hereditament would have after the execution of the works and the value which the hereditament, with the damage not made good, would have as a site, the Commission may determine that a single value payment shall be made in respect of all the war damage as if it had occurred on the earliest occasion, to the exclusion of any other payment in respect of any of it:

Provided that—

(a) section five of this Act shall have effect both in relation to such

temporary works as are therein mentioned, and also in relation to any works appearing to the Commission to have been reasonably executed for making good any of the damage occurring on an occasion earlier than the latest notwithstanding that they may not have been of a temporary character;

(b) any payment of cost of works, or any part of any such payment,

made in respect of any of the damage shall not be recoverable, but shall be taken into account in determining the amount, if any, to be paid under the preceding proviso;

1941* War Damage Ch. 12.

Act, 1941.

(c) if the value of the hereditament in the state in which it was

immediately after the damage occurring on the subsequent occasion is less by any amount than it would otherwise have been by reason of any physical change therein not directly attributable to war damage (other than ordinary wear and tear) occurring between the earliest occasion and the subsequent occasion, the amount of the single value payment shall be reduced by that amount;

(d) if the title to the hereditament has altered as respects the proprietary interests subsisting therein, or as respects the ownership or the subsistence of a mortgage of any of those interests, between the earliest occasion and the subsequent occasion, the provisions of Part I of this Act the operation of which depends upon those matters, shall have effect as if the damage had occurred on the subsequent occasion; and

ie) the interest on the single value payment shall run from the subsequent occasion.

3. Where a value payment is to be made in respect of war damage sustained (whether on a single occasion or on two or more occasions) by a developed hereditament, any war damage sustained by the hereditament on a subsequent occasion shall be taken into account in determining the amount of that payment as if that damage had occurred on the earliest occasion, and no separate payment shall be made in respect thereof.

4. The Commission may determine that war damage sustained by a hereditament other than a developed hereditament on any two or more occasions shall be taken into account together for the purposes of Part I of this Act as if it had all occurred on the earlifest occasion, and shall be the subject of a single value payment or payment of cost of works accordingly:

Provided that, where the single payment in respect of that damage is a value payment, the proviso to paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation thereto as it has effect in relation to a single value payment to be made under that paragraph, with the substitution, for each reference to the subsequent occasion mentioned in that proviso, of a reference to such one of the occasions of damage taken into account under this paragraph as the Commission may determine.

5. In determining the amounts of separate payments of cost of works to be made in respect of war damage occurring on two or more occasions, the cost of any works which contribute to the making good both of damage occurring on one of those occasions and of damage occurring on another of them shall not be taken into account more than once.

6. The amount of a payment of cost of works shall be reduced by any amount by which the proper cost of the works executed for making good the war damage is increased by reason of any such physical change in the hereditament as is mentioned in proviso (c) to paragraph 2 of this Schedule occurring between the time of the occurrence of the war damage and the time when it is made good.

109

3RD SCH.

—cont.

no

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Sections 20, *4* 23, 28,

29. 30* 32,[34

35. 38. 39. 44-

Ch. 12. PFar Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

7. In this Schedule references to war damage occurring, or sustained, on any occasion shall be construed as including references to war damage that results subsequently from the taking on that occasion of such action or measures as are specified in subsection (1) of section eighty of this Act.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Ultimate Incidence of Liability to Contributions.

1. Where a direct contributor in respect of the instalment of contribution for any property falling due in any year is at the relevant date in that year a tenant of the property under a tenancy which has less than a hundred years to run, he shall be entitled to be indemnified by his landlord against—

(a) the proportion of the amount of the instalment appropriate, as at that date, to that tenancy; or

(b) the amount by which the amount of the instalment exceeds any indemnity to which he is entitled under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, whichever is the less.

2. Where a person who is under a liability, under the last preceding paragraph or under this paragraph, to indemnify his tenant in respect of any instalment of contribution is, at the relevant date, himself a tenant under a tenancy which has less than a hundred years to run, he shall be entitled to be indemnified by his landlord against his said liability up to an amount not exceeding the proportion of the amount of the instalment appropriate, as at that date, to his tenancy.

3. Where a direct contributor in respect of the instalment of contribution for any property falling due in any year has at the relevant date in that year a tenant of part of the property, and the tenancy is a proprietary interest, the direct contributor shall be entitled to be indemnified by that tenant against so much of the fraction of the instalment attributable to that part of the property as is equal to the difference between the amount of that fraction and the proportion thereof appropriate, as at that date, to that tenancy.

4. Where a person who is under a liability, under the last preceding paragraph or under this paragraph, to indemnify his landlord in respect of any instalment of contribution has at the relevant date a tenant of any part of the property and the tenancy is a proprietary interest, that person shall be entitled to be indemnified by that tenant against his said liability up to an amount not exceeding the difference between the amount of the fraction of the instalment attributable to that part of the property and the proportion of that fraction appropriate, as at that date, to that tenancy.

5. For the purposes of this Schedule, the fraction of the instalment in respect of any property attributable to any part of the property shall be taken to be an amount which bears to the whole amount of the instalment the same proportion as the annual value of that part bears to the annual value of the whole property.

6. — (1) For the purposes of the preceding paragraphs of this Schedule, the proportion appropriate, as at any date, to a tenancy which, at that date, has still to run any period specified in the first

1941.

War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 12.

in

column of the Table annexed to this Schedule is the proportion specified in relation to that period in that one of the succeeding columns of the Table which corresponds with the proportion which the rent payable under the tenancy bears to the value of the land comprised therein.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing sub-paragraph, the value of any land shall be deemed to be—

(a) where the land is the contributory property in question,

the contributory value thereof;

(b) where the land forms part of the contributory property in

question, an amount which bears to the contributory value of that property the same proportion as the annual value of the land bears to the annual value of the contributory property;

(c) where the land comprises the contributory property in question

and also other land, an amount which bears to the contributory value of the contributory property the same proportion as the annual value of the land bears to the annual value of that contributory property.

Table. Appropriate Proportions.

Period of tenancy still to run at relevant date. Proportion of Rent to Value. (a) (b) (c)

Three-quarters or more. One-half or more, but less than three-quarters. One-quarter or more, but less than one-half. Less than one-quarter.

(1) Less than 5 years 97J per cent. 95 per cent. 90 per cent. 85 per cent.

(2) 5 or more, but less than 10, years 95 per cent. 87$ per cent. 80 per cent. 70 per cent.

(3) 10 or more, but less than 15, years 95 per cent. 80 per cent. 70 per cent. 55 per cent.

(4) 15 or more, but less Hum 20, years 92 J per cent. 75 per cent. 60 per cent. 45 per cent.

(5) 20 or more, but less than 25, years 92^ per cent. 72$ per cent. 55 per cent. 35 per cent.

(6) 25 or more, but less than 30, years 90 per cent. 70 per cent. 50 per cent. 27! per cent

(7) 30 or more, but less than 40, years 90 per cent. 67$ per cent. 45 per cent. 20 per cent

(8) 40 or more, but less than 50, years 87$ per cent. 65 per cent. 42$ per cent. 15 per cent

(9) 50 or more, but less than 100, years - 87! per cent. 62! per cent. 40 per cent. 10 per cent.

4TH SCH.

—cont.

112

CH. 12.

War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Section I02«

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Part I. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 57. The War Risks Insurance Act, 1939. In section seven, subsection (4); section ten; in section eleven, the proviso to subsection (2); and in section fifteen, subsection (3).

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 73. The Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939. In section two, subsection (3); and in section four, subsection (4).

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 74. The Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939. In section one, in subsection (4), paragraph (iii); in section three, subsection (3); and in section five, paragraphs (b) and (c).

Part II.

Northern Ireland Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 32. 2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 34. The Housing (Emergency Powers) Act (Northern Ireland), 1939. The Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, (Northern Ireland), 1939. In section two, subsections (1), (2), (3), (4) and (5). In section two, subsections (1), (2), (3). (4) and (5); and in section four, subsection (3).

1941- Land Drainage Ch. 13. 113

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 13.

Land Drainage (Scotland) Act, 1941. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Schemes for drainage works.

2. Powers of entry on land.

3. Expenses of the Secretary of State.

4. Service of notices, &c.

5. Crown rights.

6. Works below high-water mark.

7. Interpretation, and powers of Scottish Land Court.

8. Short title, extent and duration.

An Act to make further provision for the drainage of agricultural land in Scotland.

[26th March 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

L-—(1) Where, on consideration of a report from the Agricultural Schemes for Executive Committee for any area in Scotland, the Secretary drainage of State is satisfied that— works.

(a) any agricultural land in that area is capable of improvement by drainage works or that any such land is being or is in danger of being injured by flooding and that such injury can be remedied or prevented by the execution of drainage works either on such land or on any other land, and

(b) the estimated cost of the operations involved (exclusive of the compensation, if any, which may be expected to become payable in pursuance of this Act) would not be unreasonable having regard to the benefits to agriculture which would accrue, and would not in any case exceed an amount equal to ten pounds for each acre of agricultural land benefited by the operations,

he may, in accordance with the provisions of a scheme made under this section, enter on the lands and execute such drainage works, and may maintain such works. In the execution and maintenance of such works it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State without payment to appropriate and dispose of any shingle, sand, clay, stones or other matter removed in the course of such work, or to deposit such materials on the banks of any water course or to use it as he may think fit.

H

Ch. 13.

Land Drainage

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

114

(2) Before executing any works under this section, the Secretary of State shall prepare a draft scheme specifying—

(a) the works proposed to be executed;

(b) the area to be affected thereby;

(c) the estimated cost of carrying out the scheme, exclusive

of any compensation as aforesaid, the amount to be recoverable by the Secretary of State in respect of such cost, and the manner in which that amount is to be apportioned among the lands comprised in the area; and

(d) the estimated cost of maintaining the works proposed

to be executed and the manner in which such estimated cost is to be apportioned among the lands comprised in the area;

and shall give notice by advertisement in at least one newspaper circulating in the area affected by the scheme of the making of the draft scheme, of the place where it can be inspected and of the time within which objections to the scheme may be presented to the Secretary of State, and shall serve the like notice on the owners and occupiers of the lands comprised in the area and on any navigation authority or other body or person appearing to the Secretary of State or claiming to be affected by the scheme.

(3) In fixing the amount of the cost recoverable by the Secretary of State, and in apportioning that amount or in apportioning the estimated cost of maintenance among the lands comprised in the area affected by the scheme, the Secretary of State shall have regard to the benefit expected to accrue to such lands by reason of the execution of the scheme, and the costs so apportioned in any case shall not exceed the estimated value of the benefit so expected to accrue to such lands; and in estimating the value of such benefit the Secretary of State shall take into account any probable increase in the value of the lands, any depreciation in the value of the lands which might be expected to occur if no such drainage works as are proposed in the scheme were undertaken, and any other benefit whether by way of relief from expenditure on drainage operations or in respect of damage by flooding or otherwise, which may accrue to the owner of the lands by reason of the execution of the works, and shall also have regard to any expenditure incurred by such owner in respect of drainage works which are being carried out by such owner for the improvement of such lands or in respect of any contract or obligation entered into by such owner for the carrying out of such works.

(4) After considering and determining any objections that may have been duly made, the Secretary of State may settle the scheme and may proceed with the execution of the works in

1941.

Land Drainage (Scotland) Act, 1941.

Ch. 13.

115

accordance therewith, and shall thereupon serve copies of the scheme as settled on the owners and occupiers of the lands comprised in the area affected by the scheme and on any authority or other body or person appearing to him or claiming to be affected by the scheme and shall publish the same in such manner as he may see fit with a view to bringing it to the notice of any other person who may be affected:

Provided that, if any objection by an owner or occupier of any of the said lands relates to the amount to be apportioned to such lands in respect of the estimated cost of carrying out the scheme or of ipaintaining the works, the question, failing agreement, shall be referred to the Scottish Land Court for determination, without prejudice, however, to the power of the Secretary of State to proceed with the execution of the works.

(5) If within one month after the date of the notice of the making of the draft scheme, an owner or occupier of lands comprised in the area affected by the scheme or any other person intimates to the Secretary of State a claim for compensation in respect of injury or damage which will be suffered by him in consequence of the execution or maintenance of the drainage works in accordance with the scheme and the Secretary of State does not admit such claim or agree upon the amount of compensation therefor with such owner, occupier or person, the question shall be referred to the Scottish Land Court for determination. In determining any such question the Court shall have regard to the considerations specified in subsection (3) of this section, but no account shall be taken of any diminution or depreciation ascribable only to loss of pleasure or amenity.

(6) When the Secretary of State decides to proceed with the execution of the works in accordance with the scheme, he shall forthwith intimate such decision to the persons on whom copies of the scheme have in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section been served and any compensation agreed upon or determined in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section shall then become due.

(7) The cost incurred by the Secretary of State in carrying out a scheme to an amount not exceeding the amount declared by the scheme to be the amount recoverable by him shall on the completion of the works be recoverable by the Secretary of State from the several owners of the lands comprised in the area affected by the scheme according to the apportionment therein contained:

Provided that, if any owner so requires in writing,'the sum payable by him shall be recovered by means of a rate, which shall be of such amount as will be sufficient to discharge the gum payable together with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may

n6

Ch. 13.

Land Drainage (Scotland) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

determine, in such period not exceeding thirty years as the Secretary of State may determine, and which shall during the period for which it is made be levied on and recovered from the owner for the time being of the lands by the rating authority in like manner in all respects as if it were a rate leviable by that authority, and shall be paid over by the rating authority to the Secretary of State.

The owner of any lands from whom any sum is recoverable in pursuance of this subsection shall be entitled to recover from the occupier in occupation of those lands at the date of the completion of the works an annual payment of such amount and for such period as the Secretary of State, having regard to the benefit to be derived from the works, the contract of tenancy and all other circumstances of the case, and after giving to the parties an opportunity of being heard, may determine.

(8) The cost incurred by the Secretary of State in maintaining drainage works executed in pursuance of a scheme under this section shall, in so far as such cost does not exceed the estimated cost of maintenance specified in the scheme, be recoverable by the Secretary of State from the owners of the lands comprised in the area affected by the scheme according to the apportionment therein contained, and any sum due by any such owner in respect of such cost, shall, if the Secretary of State so decides, be levied on and recovered from such owner by the rating authority in like manner in all respects as if it were a rate leviable by that authority and shall be paid over by the rating authority to the Secretary of State.

(9) If any lands comprised in an area affected by a scheme shall after the date when the scheme was settled be owned by two or more separate owners or be occupied by two or more separate occupiers, any sum payable by the owner or occupier of such lands under subsection (7) or subsection (8) of this section shall be divided among and payable by the separate owners or occupiers, as the case may be, in proportion to the gross annual value appearing in the valuation roll of the separate parts of such lands owned or occupied by them.

(10) Where the Secretary of State decides not to proceed with a scheme, he shall pay to any person such expense as he may reasonably have incurred in connection with the making of the scheme or with any claim by him to compensation, and the amount of such expense shall in default of agreement be determined in like manner as a claim to compensation under this section.

(n) Where, at any time within two years of the completion of the works in pursuance of a scheme under this section, a person intimates to the Secretary of State a claim for compensation

1941.

Land Drainage

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

Ch. 13.

117

in respect of damage or injury done to him in consequence of or directly attributable to the execution or the maintenance of the works (not being damage or injury ascribable only to loss of pleasure or amenity) he shall be entitled to compensation for any such damage or injury which could not reasonably have been anticipated at the time the scheme was made, and any question as to such compensation shall in default of agreement be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section as to compensation.

2. — (1) Any person authorised in that behalf by the Secretary Powers of

of State for the purpose of carrying his powers under this Act into entry on land, effect, may on production, if so required, of his authority, enter on and inspect any lands and take measurements and observations by such methods as the Secretary of State may deem necessary.

(2) If any person prevents or obstructs the entry for the purpose aforesaid on any lands of any person authorised under this section, or the talong of measurements or observations in accordance therewith, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

3. The expenses of the Secretary of State under this Act, Expenses of shall, to such amount as the Treasury may sanction, be defrayed the Secretary out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any sums recovered of State:

by or paid to the Secretary of State under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

4. Any notice or other document required or authorised by service of this Act to be served on any person may be served by delivery to notices, &c. that person or by post, and service on the known agent of any

person shall be deemed to be service on that person.

5. Nothing in this Act shall affect prejudicially any estate. Crown rights, right, power, privilege or exemption of the Crown, or authorise the apportionment of any part of the cost of carrying out a scheme

to, or the recovery of any part of the cost of maintaining drainage works in respect of, any lands (including tidal lands below the high-water mark of ordinary spring tides) belonging to His Majesty in right of his Crown or to any Government Department, and nothing in this Act shall authorise the use of or interference with any lands (including as aforesaid) belonging to His Majesty in right of his Crown, without the consent of His Majesty or the Government Department, as the case may be.

6. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the execution of any Works below works on, over or under tidal lands below high-water mark of high-water ordinary spring tides, or the using thereof for any purposes mark. (including the deposit thereon of shingle, sand, clay, stones or

other matter) except in accordance with such plans and sections and subject to such restrictions and regulations as, previous to

n8

Ch. 13.

Land Drainage

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Interpretation, and powers of Scottish Land Court.

60 & 61 Vict, c. 38.

19 & 20 Geo. 5, c. 25.

such works being commenced, have been approved by the Minister of Shipping in writing under the hand of a secretary or some person authorised by the said Minister to act in that behalf.

7. — (1) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires:—

The expression " agricultural land " shall include any land used for agricultural or pastoral purposes or for the purpose of poultry farming or as a market garden, orchard, allotment, or allotment garden, and any woodlands or land used for the purpose of afforestation:

The expression " Agricultural Executive Committee" means in relation to any area the Committee for that area to which the Secretary of State has delegated any of his powers relating to agriculture under regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940:

The expression " drainage works " shall include the cleansing, scouring, deepening, widening, straightening, or diverting of any watercourse or outfall for water, or the removal of obstructions, natural or artificial, therefrom; the construction, removal, repair, raising, lowering, widening, strengthening, or altering, of any embankment, dam, sluice, weir, wall, groyne, or of any structure or erection for the purpose of defence against water; and any works for the prevention or abatement of injury or damage which might be caused by the carrying out of any of the aforesaid operations:

The expression " lands " shall include salmon fishings:

The expression " navigation authority" means any person or body of persons having powers under any Act of Parliament to work or maintain a canal or other inland navigation (including a navigation in tidal waters):

The expression " owner " has the like meaning as in the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897:

The expression " rating authority " has the like meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929:

The expression " watercourse " shall include any river, stream ditch, drain (whether open or closed), cut, culvert, dyke or sluice.

(2) For the purpose of determining any question required to be determined by them under this Act, the Scottish Land Court shall have the like powers as they have under the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1931, for the purpose of the determination of matters referred to the said Court thereunder, and those Acts shall apply accordingly subject to any necessary modifications.

1941- Land Drainage Ch. 13, 14.

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

8. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Land Drainage (Scotland) Act, 1941, and shall extend to Scotland only.

(2) The powers of the Secretary of State to prepare and settle schemes shall, unless continued by Parliament, cease on the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, but nothing in this subsection shall prejudice or affect any power under or provisions regarding schemes settled before that date.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to local loans.

[10th April 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Whereas the term of office of persons who are, at the passing of this Act, Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, will expire at the end of a period of five years from the first day of April nineteen hundred and thirty-six, and it is expedient to appoint Commissioners for a further period of five years :—

Therefore, the following persons (that is to say):—

Albert Charles Gladstone, Esq.,

Reginald Abel Smith, Esq.,

The Right Honourable Lord Clwyd,

Alfred Mildmay, Esq.,

The Honourable Sir William Henry Goschen, K.B.E., Granville Edward Bromley Bromley-Martin, Esq.,

Edward Clifton-Brown, Esq.,

William Baker Neville, Esq.,

Charles Latham, Esq., J.P.,

Harrison Barrow, Esq.,

The Honourable Francis James Rennell Rodd,

Bertram Francis George Currie, Esq.,

The Right Honourable Lord Aldenham,

Francis Campbell Ross Douglas, Esq., M.P.,

Henry Cecil Roxburgh Williamson, Esq.,

Frederick George Bloxham, Esq.,

shall after the passing of this Act be Public Works Loan Commissioners under the said Act and shall hold office until the expiration of five years from the first day of April nineteen hundred and forty-one.

1x9

Short title, extent and duration.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Appointment of Public Works Loan Commissioners for five years. 38 & 39 Vict,

c. 89.

120

Grants for public works.

50 ft 51 Vict, c. 16.

Certain debts not to be reckoned as assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Remission of arrears of principal and interest in respect of Eyemouth Harbour Board.

1

1 Edw. 7. c. 35.

Ch. 14. Public Works Loans 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

2. — (1) There may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

3. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the tables contained in Part I and Part II of the Schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last column of those tables, not be reckoned as assets of the Local Loans Fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans to the extent aforesaid shall be written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

4. Whereas in pursuance of an agreement made in the year eighteen hundred and ninety-two the sum of ten thousand pounds was advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees on the security of the harbour revenues with the collateral security of the Fishery Board for Scotland:

And whereas by an arrangement confirmed by section three of the Public Works Loans Act, 1901, the liability of the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees in respect of the said loan was extinguished without prejudice to the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay the said loan, and, in consequence thereof, the said collateral security is the sole security for the repayment of the said loan:

And whereas the terms of the said collateral security are embodied in a memorandum of agreement between the Secretary for Scotland and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, dated the eleventh day of March eighteen hundred and ninety-two, whereby a portion of the surplus herring brand fees, as defined in clause three of the said memorandum, was pledged in security for the repayment of the said loan with interest by the instalments and at the times mentioned in the security given by the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees for the said loan, and it was provided that the said portion of the surplus herring brand fees of any one year should only be applicable to the repayment of the one-fiftieth part of principal and interest on outstanding principal falling due under the security for the said loan in the same year.

1941- Public Works Loans Ch. 14. 121

Act, 1941.

and should not be applicable to the repayment of arrears of principal:

And whereas the said portion of the surplus herring brand fees so pledged as aforesaid was during the years ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and forty respectively insufficient to discharge in full the instalments of principal with interest which fell due under the security for the said loan in those years and the principal sum of four hundred pounds with interest amounting to forty-nine pounds four shillings now remains unpaid, and under the terms of the said memorandum of agreement is irrecoverable:

Now, therefore, the said principal sum of four hundred pounds shall be extinguished, and the said arrears of interest amounting to forty-nine pounds four shillings shall be remitted.

5. — (1) Where a local authority or a harbour authority, with Power to the approval of the Treasury, exercises an option to redeem facilitate any securities and offers to issue new securities in exchange for conversion the securities to be redeemed, the Treasury may advance to the government authority, on such terms as they think fit, any moneys required securities, for the redemption of securities in respect of which the said offer is not accepted.

(2) Any moneys advanced under the foregoing subsection shall be deemed to be a local loan within the meaning of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

(3) Any securities issued to the Treasury by a local or harbour authority in respect of an advance made to the authority under this section shall be carried to the capital account of the local loans fund and shall be treated as if they had been purchased by the National Debt Commissioners in pursuance of the powers of investment conferred by subsection (2) of section thirteen of the said Act.

(4) In this section—

(a) the expression " harbour authority" means a harbour

authority within the meaning of the Merchant Shipping 57 & 58 Vict. Act, 1894; c. 60.

(b) the expression " local authority" means any of the

following authorities, namely, the Common Council of the City of London, a local authority within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, or the Local 23 & 24 Geo. 5. Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, or a board or c- 51-other authority to which the provisions of Part IX of 54 & 55 Vict-the Local Government Act, 1933, are applied by any c- 34-enactment (including a local Act) as if it were a local authority within the meaning of that Act;

122

Ch. 14.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

38 dc 39 Vict, c. 83.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

[Short title.]

Section 3

(c) the expression " securities" means debentures or annuity certificates issued under the Local Loans Act, 1875, as amended by any subsequent enactment, or stock.

(5) No sums shall be advanced by the Treasury under this section after the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

6. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

LOAN BY THE PUBLIC WORKS LOAN COMMISSIONERS UNDER THE HARBOURS AND PASSING TOLLS ETC.

ACT, 1861.

Name of borrower. Amount of loan. Amount to be

written off.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees - £ 10,000 £ 400

PART II.

LOANS BY THE PUBLIC WORKS LOAN COMMISSIONERS UNDER THE AGRICULTURAL CREDITS ACT, 1923.

Name of borrower. Amount of loan. Amount to be written off.

Mr. James Calder - £ 705 £ s. d. 182 17 8

Mr. Ernest Cloke - 11,077 2,350 3 6

Mr. John Jacob Jackson 8,250 4,271 10 1

Mr. Albert Edward Marsh - 700 71 0 11

Mr. Walter Atkinson Neave - 6,000 1,019 6 2

Mr. Harry James Payne and Miss Florence Louisa Payne - 3.206 523 6 7

Mr. William Rafton - 4.500 1,689 16 1

Mr. William Rawling and Miss Laura Rawling - 8,250 5.478 17 6

Mr. John Edward Robson - 2,634 800 10 8

Mr. Frederick Rowell - 2,400 2.257 5 1

Messrs. Edward Walls Watson and Albert Watson - 2,310 229 11 4

1941.

National Service

Act, 1941.

Ch. 15.

123

CHAPTER 15.

National Service Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Calling up for civil defence.

Section.

1. Liability to be called up for civil defence.

2. Enrolment notices.

3. Terms of service.

Miscellaneous amendments of principal Act.

4. Enforcement of requirements as to medical examination.

5. Breach of condition of registration as conscientious objector.

6. Transfer of non-combatants from military service register to

register of conscientious objectors.

7. Applications by conscientious objectors for service.

8. Postponement certificates.

9. Exemption of persons not ordinarily resident in Great Britain.

10. Reinstatement in civil employment.

11. Evidence on prosecutions.

General.

12. Interpretation.

13. Application to Scotland.

14. Amendment of Act by Defence Regulations.

15. Expenses.

16. Short title, construction and repeal.

Schedule.

An Act to make provision for calling up men for civil defence and to amend the National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939.

[10th April 1941.]

"DE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Calling up for civil defence.

1. — (1) Every person who for the time being—

(a) is liable under the National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Act ") to be called up for service in the armed forces of the Crown; or

(b) is not so liable by reason only that he is a conditionally

registered conscientious objector;

shall be liable to be called up for civil defence in the manner and on the terms provided by this Act.

(2) If any person liable to be called up for civil defence notifies the Minister in the manner prescribed under subsection (6) of

Liability to be called up

for civil defence.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c.81.

124

Ch. 15.

National Service

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Enrolment

notices.

section two of the principal Act that he has a preference for service with the civil defence forces or any particular civil defence force, that fact shall be recorded—

(a) in the military service register; or

(b) if he is a registered conscientious objector, in the register

of conscientious objectors; or

(c) if he is a person of a class exempted from registration

by regulations made under the said section two, in such other manner as the Minister thinks fit.

(3) References in section three of the principal Act (which relates to medical examination) and in section six of that Act (which relates to postponement of liability to serve) to persons for the time being liable under that Act to be called up for service, and to liability to be so called up, shall include references to persons for the time being liable to be called up for civil defence and to liability to be so called up.

2. — (1) The Minister may cause to be served on any person for the time being liable to be called up for civil defence, who has been medically examined under the principal Act, a notice (in this Act referred to as " an enrolment notice ") stating that he is so called up.

(2) Every such notice shall require the person on whom it is served to present himself in accordance with the terms of the notice at such place and time (not earlier than the third day after the date of the service of the notice), and to such authority, and for service with such civil defence force, as may be specified in the notice.

(3) References to an enlistment notice in section six of the principal Act (which relates to postponement of liability to serve) and in section seven of that Act (which relates to suspension of enlistment notices pending appeals) shall be construed as including references to an enrolment notice.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of section seven of the principal Act, the person upon whom an enrolment notice is served shall be deemed as from the day specified in the notice to have been taken into the service of the Crown on the terms set out in the next following section.

(5) Where an enrolment notice has been duly served on any person, the Minister may, at any time while that person remains liable to be called up for civil defence, cancel the notice, or cause to be served on him a further enrolment notice varying the original notice.

(6) An enrolment notice served on any person shall cease to have effect if, before the date on which he is thereby required to present himself, he ceases to be liable to be called up for civil defence.

1941.

National Service

Act, 1941.

Ch. 15.

(7) The Minister may pay to persons required to present themselves in accordance with enrolment notices served upon them such travelling and other allowances as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(8) If any person on whom an enrolment notice is served fails to comply with the requirements of that notice, he shall be guilty of an offence under the principal Act and liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding twelve months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine; or

(b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

3. — (1) A person who is deemed by virtue of subsection (4) of the last foregoing section to have been taken into the service of the Crown shall be deemed to have been taken into such service on the following terms

(a) he shall continue in the service of the Crown until the

end of the present emergency, unless he is previously discharged from such service by the prescribed authority in the prescribed manner;

(b) he shall serve with the civil defence force specified in

the enrolment notice served upon him, or with such other civil defence force as may from time to time be notified to him by the prescribed authority in the prescribed manner;

(c) he shall serve under the directions of the authority specified in the notice aforesaid, or such other authority as may from time to time be notified to him by the prescribed authority in the prescribed manner;

(d) he shall not be required to serve outside the United

Kingdom or the Isle of Man;

(e) he shall, subject to the directions of the authority under

whose directions he is for the time being required by the foregoing provisions to serve (hereafter referred to as " the controlling authority "), perform the duties of a member of the civil defence force with which he is serving for the time being, and may, subject to such directions as aforesaid, exercise by virtue of this Act the powers of a member of that force, or, if that force is the police war reserve, of a constable;

(f) he shall perform such further duties as may (subject to the directions of the Minister) be required of him by the controlling authority, being duties of a member of any other civil defence force, and for that

Terms of service.

126

Ch. 15.

National Service

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

purpose may, subject to the directions of the controlling authority, exercise by virtue of this Act the powers of a member of that other force, or, if that other force is the police war reserve, of a constable;

(g) he shall be subject to the provisions of any regulations

or orders for the time being in force under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, which create offences by members of the civil defence force with which he is for the time being serving;

(h) while serving with any civil defence force for which rules are for the time being in force by virtue of the said Acts as to the government and discipline of the force, he shall be subject to those rules, and, while not serving with such a force, he shall be subject to such provisions as to government and discipline as may be prescribed;

(i) his conditions of service as regards pay, allowances,

clothing, expenses and other matters shall be such as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine;

(j) he shall not be liable under the principal Act to be called up for service so long as he is in the service of the Crown by virtue of this section.

(2) A person shall not be incapable of being elected to, or of sitting or voting in, the Commons House of Parliament by reason only that, as being in the service of the Crown by virtue of this section, he holds any office or place of profit under the Crown.

(3) While any person is in the service of the Crown by virtue of this section—

(a) he shall be exempt from serving on a jury;

(b) he shall be treated for the purpose of section seven of the Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940 (which relates to the membership of friendly societies of persons serving in any of the naval, military or air forces of the Crown) as if he were serving in those forces; and

(c) he shall be treated for the purposes of section three of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Amendment Act, 1940 (which provides for the relief of mortgagors serving in the armed forces of His Majesty) as if he were serving in those forces.

(4) Where a conditionally registered conscientious objector is called up for civil defence, the condition on which he was registered shall be suspended so long as he is in the service of the Crown by virtue of this section.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 19.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 37.

1941.

National Service

Act, 1941.

127

Ch. 15.

(5) The pay and allowances of a person in the service of the Crown by virtue of this section, and any expenses incurred in connection with his service, shall be defrayed as follows—

(a) if and so long as the controlling authority is a local

authority, they shall be defrayed in like manner as the pay and allowances, and expenses incurred in connection with the service, of such members of the civil defence force with which he is serving for the time.being as are serving under the directions of that authority;

(6) if and so long as the controlling authority is a chief officer of police, they shall be defrayed in like manner as the pay and allowances, and expenses incurred in connection with the service, of such members of the police war reserve as are serving under the directions of that chief officer;

(c) if and so long as the controlling authority is not a local authority or a chief officer of police, they shall be defrayed by the Minister.

(6) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" chief officer of police " has the. same meaning as in the Police Pensions Act, 1921;

" local authority" means the common council of the City of London, the council of a metropolitan borough, the council of a county, county borough or county district, or any authority or person for the time being exercising any of the functions of any such council;

" the Minister" means a Secretary of State or the Minister of Home Security;

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister.

Miscellaneous amendments of principal Act.

4. — (1) The court by which any person is convicted of an offence under the principal Act by reason of his failure to comply with—

(a) a notice served on him by the Minister under subsection (1) of section three of that Act requiring him to submit himself to medical examination by a medical board; or

[b) directions given by a medical board by virtue of para-

graph (a) of subsection (2) of that section requiring him to submit himself to a further medical examination by a medical board; or

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 31.

Enforcement of require- »j ments as to medical examination.

128 Ch. 15. National Service 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(c) directions given by a medical board by virtue of paragraph (b) of the said subsection (2) requiring him to submit himself to examination by a consultant examiner;

may, without prejudice to any penalty which may be imposed on him, order him-to submit himself to medical examination, further medical examination or examination by a consultant examiner, as the case may be, at such time and place as may be fixed by a notice served on him by the Minister and any such order may include provisions that he shall be detained in custody until that time and taken by a constable to that place at that time:

Provided that no person shall be detained by virtue of any such order for more than seven days.

(2) A person who fails to submit himself for examination in accordance with any such order shall be guilty of an offence under the principal Act and liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding two years, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine; or

(b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding twelve months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(3) Subsection (5) of section three of the principal Act is hereby repealed:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect any order made under the said subsection (5) before this section comes into operation.

(4) This section shall come into operation at the expiration of the fourteenth day next after the day on which this Act is passed.

Breach of condition of registration as conscientious objector.

5. — (1) Where it appears to the Minister that a conditionally registered conscientious objector has failed to comply with any condition on which he is registered, but had reasonable excuse for the failure, the Minister may refer his case to a local tribunal.

(2) On any such reference of the case of any person, the tribunal, if it is satisfied that he has failed to comply with the condition but had reasonable excuse for the failure, shall report to the Minister accordingly and either—

(a) make no order in the matter; or

(&) order that he shall be registered without conditions in the register of conscientious objectors; or

1941.

National Service

Act, 1941.

Ch. 15.

129

(c) order that the condition on which he was registered shall be varied, or that another condition shall be substituted therefor;

and any order made under paragraph (b) or (c) of this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding any previous order made by a local or appellate tribunal.

(3) Where the case of any person has been referred to a local tribunal under this section—

(a) that person, if he is aggrieved by the order of the tribunal or by its failure to make an order or report to the Minister; or

(b) the Minister, if he considers it necessary;

may within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner appeal to the appellate tribunal, and the decision of the appellate tribunal shall be final.

(4) If a conditionally registered conscientious objector fails to comply with any condition on which he is registered, he shall, unless he satisfies the court that he had reasonable excuse for the failure, be guilty of an offence under the principal Act and liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine; or

(b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months, or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(5) A prosecution against any person under the last foregoing subsection for failing to comply with a condition shall not be instituted except by or with the consent of the Minister; and where the case of any person has been referred to a local tribunal under subsection (1) of this section, the Minister shall not institute or consent to the institution of such a prosecution against him—

(a) unless that tribunal has determined the matter and made

no report that he had reasonable excuse for the failure and the time for appealing from that determination has expired; or,

(b) where an appeal has been brought from the determination

of the local tribunal, unless the appellate tribunal has determined the matter and made no such report as aforesaid.

(6) On the prosecution of any person for such an offence, a certificate purporting to be signed on behalf of the Minister and stating—

(a) that he has not referred the case of that person to a local tribunal under subsection (1) of this section; or

I

I

130 Ch. 15. National Service 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(6) that he has so referred the case and either—

(i) that the local tribunal has determined the matter and made no such report and that the time for appealing from the determination has expired; or

(ii) that an appeal has been brought from the determination of the local tribunal and that the appellate tribunal has determined the matter and made no such report;

shall be conclusive evidence of the facts so stated.

(7) Subsection (8) of section five of the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

6. — (1) After the commencement of this Act, the name of any person to be registered by virtue of any provision of the principal Act as a person liable under that Act to be called up for service, but to be employed only in non-combatant duties, shall be registered in the register of conscientious objectors instead of in the military service register; and any provision of the principal Act authorising or requiring the removal of the name of a person from the register of conscientious objectors in connection with his registration as a person liable as aforesaid shall cease to have effect.

(2) As soon as may be after the commencement of this Act, the Minister shall remove from the military service register the names of all persons registered therein as persons liable under the principal Act to be called up for service, but to be employed only in non-combatant duties, or deemed to be so registered by virtue of subsection (3) of section twelve of that Act, and shall register them in the register of conscientious objectors as persons liable as aforesaid.

(3) Where a person is registered in the register of conscientious objectors as a person liable under the principal Act to be called up for service, but to be employed only in non-combatant duties, nothing in subsection (10) of section five of that Act shall affect his liability to be so called up.

Transfer'of non-combatants from military service register to register of conscientious objectors.

Applications

by

conscientious objectors for service.

7. — (1) A registered conscientious objector may at any time apply to the Minister in the prescribed manner either—

(a) for the removal of his name from the register of conscientious objectors and for his registration in the military service register as a person liable under the principal Act to be called up for service; or

(6) for his registration in the register of conscientious objectors as a person liable as aforesaid, but to be employed only in non-combatant duties.

1941. National Service Ch. 15. 131

Act, 1941.

(2) A person registered in the register of conscientious objectors as a person liable under the principal Act to be called up for service, but to be employed only in non-combatant duties, may, at any time before the day specified in an enlistment notice served upon him as the day on which he is thereby required to present himself, apply to the Minister in the prescribed manner for the removal of his name from that register and for his registration in the military service register as a person liable under the principal Act to be called up for service.

(3) The arrangements made under subsection (10) of section five of the principal Act by the Admiralty, Army Council and Air Council shall include arrangements for enabling a person registered in the register of conscientious objectors as a person liable under the principal Act to be called up for service, but to be employed only in non-combatant duties, to apply to the Minister, at any time on or after the day mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, for the removal of his name from that register and for his registration in the military service register as a person liable under the principal Act to be called up for service; and where such an application is granted, the applicant may be employed in combatant duties.

(4) Where an application made under this section is granted, the Minister shall cause the register or registers to be amended accordingly.

8. — (1) Where, on any appeal to the umpire under sub- Postponement section (3) of section six of the principal Act, (which relates to certificates, postponement certificates), one or both of the assessors appointed to sit with the umpire is or are absent, then, with the consent in writing of the person to whose application the appeal relates, the umpire may, notwithstanding anything in that subsection, proceed to consider and determine the appeal with the other assessor or without either assessor, as the case may be.

(2) In the last foregoing subsection references to the umpire include references to any deputy umpire.

(3) The Minister may, in special circumstances, allow an application under section six of the principal Act for the renewal of a postponement certificate to be made at any time before an enlistment notice or enrolment notice is served on the holder of the certificate.

9. Subsection (1) of section eleven of the principal Act (which exempts certain persons from liability under the Act) shall have

Exemption of persons not ordinarily

132

resident in Great Britain.

Reinstatement in civil employment.

Ch. 15. National Service 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if the following paragraph were substituted for paragraph (a) thereof :—

" (a) not being a person ordinarily resident in Great Britain, is either—

(i) under the provisions of any Act in force in any part of His Majesty’s dominions outside Great Britain, a national or a citizen of that part within the meaning of that Act; or

(ii) a person bom or domiciled in any such part of His Majesty's dominions, or in a British protectorate, mandated territory or any other country or territory being a country or territory under His Majesty’s protection or suzerainty."

10. — (1) In subsection (1) of section fourteen of the principal Act (which relates to reinstatement in civil employment) for the words from the beginning of the section to " that service ’’, there shall be substituted the following words :—

" It shall be the duty of the employer by whom any person was last employed during the period of fourteen days immediately preceding the day on which he was called up or called out (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) to reinstate him in his employment at the termination of his service as a person called up or called out."

(2) In the said section fourteen, for the words "called from his civil employment for service connected with the present emergency " and " called from their civil employment for service connected with the present emergency " wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words "called up or called out", and in subsection (2) of the said section for the words " that service " there shall be substituted the words "the service of the employees as persons called up or called out."

(3) Where, by virtue of any provision of the Naval and Marine Forces (Temporary Release from Service) Act, 1940, or the Armed Forces (Conditions of Service) Act, 1939, a person called up or called out has, at any time (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) before such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, been released from service in the Royal Navy or the Royal Marines, or from army service or air force service, or from obligations which he is under by reason of the embodiment of any part of the territorial army or the auxiliary air force, his service in the royal navy, royal marines, army, air force, territorial army or auxiliary air force shall not, for the purposes of the said section fourteen, be deemed to have terminated by reason only of his release as aforesaid.

1941.

National Service

Act, 1941.

Ch. 15.

133

An Order in Council under this subsection may appoint different dates in relation to different forces or parts of forces.

(4) The power of the Minister to make regulations under subsection (4) of the said section fourteen shall include power to make regulations for restraining employers from terminating the employment of their employees by reason of any duties or liabilities which they may become liable to perform or discharge by reason of their liability to be called up or called out.

(5) For the purpose of this section and the said section fourteen—

(a) the expression " called up" means called up under the Military Training Act, 1939, the principal Act or this Act; and

(b) the expression " called out" means called out for service

under the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces Act, 1939, or called into service under the enactments (including any proclamation. Order in Council, regulation, warrant or other instrument) mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of that Act;

and for the purpose of paragraph (b) of this subsection, the expression " called into service" means called into actual service, ordered to join the Royal Navy, ordered to serve in the Royal Marine forces, called to army service, called out on permanent service, embodied, called out on service, or called out for service.

11. — (1) Where for the purposes of the prosecution of any person for an offence under the principal Act by reason of his failure to comply—

(a) with the requirements of regulations made under subsection (1) of section two of that Act or with the requirements of subsection (9) of that section; or

(b) with the requirements of a notice served on him or directions given to him under section three of that Act; or

(c) with the requirements of an enrolment notice served on him under this Act;

it is necessary to show that he is, or was at any particular time, a British subject or within particular limits of age, he shall be presumed to be, or to have been at that time, a British subject or within those limits of age, unless the contrary is proved:

Provided that, if it appears to the court that there are any special circumstances giving rise to doubt as to either of the matters aforesaid, the court may require the matter to be proved by the prosecution.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 25.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 24.

Evidence on prosecutions.

134

Ch. 15.

National Service

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Interpretation.

(2) On the prosecution of any person (hereafter in this subsection referred to as the " defendant") for any offence under the principal Act—

(a) a certificate purporting to be signed on behalf of the Minister, and stating that a person bearing the name in which the defendant is charged is, or was at any particular time, a conditionally registered conscientious objector and so registered on a condition specified in the certificate, shall be evidence that the defendant is or was at that time such a conscientious objector and registered on the condition so specified;

(b) a certificate purporting to be signed by the chairman of a medical board, and stating that a person bearing the name in which the defendant is charged was examined by that board on a date specified in the certificate, shall be evidence that the defendant was so examined on that date:

Provided that, if it appears to the court that there are any special circumstances giving rise to doubt as to any matter stated in any such certificate, or as to the relation of any such certificate to the defendant, the court may require the prosecution to prove that matter, or that the certificate relates to the defendant, as the case may be.

General.

12. — (1) For the purposes of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" appellate tribunal" means an appellate tribunal constituted under Part I of the Schedule to the principal Act;

" civil defence force" means the police war reserve and any organisation which is declared by order of the Minister of Home Security to be a civil organisation established for forestalling or mitigating attacks by the enemy and to be a civil defence force for the purposes of this Act;

*' registered conscientious objector" means a person who is for the time being registered in the register of conscientious objectors or is deemed to be so registered by virtue of subsection (3) of section twelve of the principal Act; and the expression " conditionally registered" in relation to a conscientious objector means a person who is for the time being conditionally so registered by virtue of an order made, or having effect as if it had been made, under paragraph (b) of subsection (6) of section five of the principal Act, or made under subsection (3) of section thirteen of that Act or made under this Act.

1941.

National Service

Act, 1941.

Ch. 15.

135

(2) Any order made under the foregoing, subsection by the Minister of Home Security may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made by him.

(3) In this Act any reference to the principal Act shall be construed as a reference to the principal Act as amended by any subsequent enactment or by any Regulations for the time being in force under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940.

13. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) section three shall have effect as if, for the definition of "local authority " in subsection (6), the following definition were substituted—

" ‘ local authority means a county or town council or any authority or person for the time being exercising any of the functions of such a council; "

(b) section five shall have effect as if for subsection (5), the

following subsection were substituted:—

" (5) Where the case of any person has been referred to a local tribunal under subsection (1) of this section, no prosecution under the last foregoing subsection for failing to comply with a condition shall be instituted against him—

(a) unless that tribunal has determined the

matter and made no report that he had reasonable excuse for the failure and the time for appealing against that determination has expired, or

(b) where an appeal has been brought from the

determination of the local tribunal, unless the appellate tribunal has determined the matter and made no such report as aforesaid.’*

14. —Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) and subsection (4) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as amended by subsection (2) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940, shall have effect as if this Act had been passed before the commencement of the last mentioned Act.

15. Any expenses incurred by a Secretary of State or other Minister of the Crown in consequence of the passing of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

16. — (1) This Act may be cited as the National Service Act, 1941, and shall be construed as one with the National Service

Application to Scotland.

Amendment of Act by Defence Regulations.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 20. Expenses.

Short title, construction and repeal.

136 Ch. 15,16. National Service 4 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

(Armed Forces) Acts, 1939 and 1940 and may be cited together with those Acts as the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941.

(2) The sections of the principal Act set out in the first column of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the second column of that Schedule.

Section 16. SCHEDULE

Provisions of Principal Act Repealed. Section of principal Act. Extent of Repeal.

Section five - In subsection (6), the words "that his

name shall be removed from the register of conscientious objectors and " and the words "without qualification"; subsection (8); in subsection (9) the words " remove his name from the register of conscientious objectors and "

Section fourteen - Subsection (5).

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to enable persons detained under powers conferred under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, or the Aliens Restriction Act, 1914, to be removed to and detained in the Isle of Man.

[10th April 1941.]

Removal of detained persons to Isle of Man. 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 12.

[Short title.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. A person detained in pursuance of powers conferred under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts 1939 and 1940, or under the Aliens Restriction Act, 1914, may, in accordance with directions given by the Secretary of State, be removed to the Isle of Man and detained, for the whole or any part of the period for which the order or direction for his detention remains in operation, at any place in that Island, and while so detained, and while being removed from the United Kingdom to any such place, or from any such place to the United Kingdom, shall be deemed to be in lawful custody.

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Detention) Act, 1941.

Army and Air Force (

Act, 1941.

137

1941.

Ch. 17.

t

CHAPTER 17.

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1941. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Short title.

2. Army Act and Air Force Act to be in force for specified times.

AMENDMENTS OF THE ARMY AND AIR FORCE ACTS.

3. Amendment of s. 108A of Army Act and s. 108A of Air Force Act.

4. Amendment of s. 47 of Army Act.

5. Amendment of s. 54 of Army Act.

6. Amendment of s. 190 of Army Act.

7. Amendment of s. 190 of the Air Force Act.

8. Amendment of s. 15 of 22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 22.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the discipline and regulation of the Army and the Air Force.

[10th April 1941.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of land forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of such number as His Majesty may deem necessary.

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole number of such force should consist of such number as His Majesty may deem necessary.

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of this realm that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and naval service under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or be sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces by sea:

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51.

138 Ch. 17. Army and Air Force ( 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas tlje Army Act and the Air Force Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and forty-one on the following days:—

(a) In Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of

April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's

dominions, on the thirty-first day of July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Short title.] 1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1941.

Army Act and Air Force Act to be in force for specified times.

2. — (1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament, that is to say:—

(a) Within Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, to the thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, both inclusive; and

(ft) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, to the thirty-first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, both inclusive.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1941.

Ch. 17.

139

1941.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932, the amendments of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act made by this Act shall come into operation in all places as from the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 22.

(3) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions.

AMENDMENTS OF THE ARMY AND AIR FORCE ACTS.

3. Section one hundred and eight A of the Army Act and Amendment

section one hundred and eight A of the Air Force Act (which of s. 108A of provide for billeting in cases of emergency) shall respectively k>8A of

have effect as if at the end of paragraph (6) of subsection (3) Air Force thereof (which requires certain powers and duties to be Act. exercised and performed by chief officers of police), there were

inserted the following proviso:

" Provided that a chief officer of police may, to such extent and subject to such restrictions as he thinks proper, authorise any individual constable, or any class of constables, to exercise and perform on his behalf all or any of the said powers and duties : ".

4. In subsection (1) of section forty-seven of the Army Act Amendment (which specifies the authorities who have power to deal summarily s* 47 with charges against officers and warrant officers), for the words Army c ' "any officer (not under the rank of major-general) appointed

for the purpose by the Army Council " there shall be substituted the words "any such officer (not under the rank of major-general) as may be prescribed or as may be appointed for the purpose by the Army Council".

5. The proviso to paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section Amendment fifty-four of the Army Act (which prohibits the carrying into o£ s* 54 of effect of a sentence of death or penal servitude awarded by a Army c • field general court-martial unless confirmed by the authority

therein specified) shall have effect subject to the following amendments:—

(a) for the words "the general or field officer " there shall be substituted the words " the officer, not being below the rank of field officer, flag officer or squadron leader"; and

(b) at the end there shall be added the words "whether such officer is an officer of the army, navy or air force".

140

Amendment of s. 190 of Army Act.

Amendment of s. 190 of the Air Force Act.

Amendment of s. 15 of 22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 22.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Ch. 17. Army and Air Force (Annual) 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

6. — (1) For paragraph (5) of section one hundred and ninety of the Army Act there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (5) The expression ‘ non-commissioned officer ’ means a non-commissioned officer or acting non-commissioned officer of His Majesty's forces, or any arm, branch, or part thereof, and includes also any non-commissioned officer or acting non-commissioned officer of His Majesty’s air forces or of a Dominion force who is for the time being subject to military law."

(2) After the said paragraph (5) there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (5A) The expression ‘ warrant officer ’ includes any warrant officer of His Majesty’s air forces or of a Dominion force who is for the time being subject to military law."

7. — (1) For paragraph (5) of section one hundred and ninety of the Air Force Act there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (5) The expression ‘ non-commissioned officer ’ means a non-commissioned officer or acting non-commissioned officer of the air force, or any arm, branch or part thereof and includes also—

(a) an air-force schoolmaster when not a warrant officer;

(b) a petty officer or acting petty officer of His Majesty’s

naval forces who is for the time being subject to this Act; and

(c) a non-commissioned officer or acting non-commissioned

officer of His Majesty’s military forces or of a Dominion force or of a force raised in India or Burma who is for the time being subject to this Act."

(2) After the said paragraph (5) there shall be inserted the following paragraph :—

" (5A) The expression ' warrant officer ’ includes any warrant officer of His Majesty’s military forces or of a Dominion force or of a force raised in India or Burma who is for the time being subject to this Act."

8. Section fifteen of the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932 (which relates to the construction and printing of amendments to the Army Act and the Air Force Act) shall have effect, during the continuance in force of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as if the references in subsection (2) of

1941.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1941.

Ch. 17, 18.

r4r

the said section to any enactment (whether passed before or after the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932) and to any enactment for the time being in force, respectively, and the reference in subsection (3) of that section to any other Act (whether passed before or after the said Act), included in each case a reference to any Regulation made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to extend the powers of the Treasury to raise money under section one of the National Loans Act, 1939, and substitute other provisions for the provisions of paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to that Act.

[30th April 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

W/L, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply granted to Your Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-two, have resolved that money be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The power of the Treasury to raise money under section one of the National Loans Act, 1939, (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") shall include power to raise any money required for raising any supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and forty-two, and in addition a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty million pounds.

2. — (1) As respects any stock or registered bonds issued under the principal Act after such date as may be specified in regulations made by the Treasury, paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to that Act shall not have effect, and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) any such stock or bonds shall be transferable in law by such instrument and in such manner as may be prescribed by the said regulations, and shall not be transferable otherwise;

Further provision for raising money. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

Transfer of stock and registered bonds

142

Ch. 18,19.

National Loans Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

33 & 34 Vict, c. 71.

Short title, construction and citation.

Amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 119. s. 2.

(6) the said regulations may further make provision as to the registration of any such stock or bonds and as to certificates of ownership thereof;

(c) any such stock or bonds shall be subject to the provisions of the National Debt Act, 1870, so far as is consistent with the tenor of the principal Act (as amended by any other enactment) and of the said regulations.

(2) Any provision (other than a provision relating to mode of transfer, registration or certificates of ownership) contained in any enactment or instrument passed or made before the commencement of this Act, and having effect in relation to stock transferable in the books of the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland under the National Debt Act, 1870, shall have the like effect in relation to stock and bonds transferable in manner prescribed by the said regulations.

(3) References in this section to the National Debt Act, 1870, shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by any other enactment.

3. This Act may be cited as the National Loans Act, 1941, and shall be construed as one with the National Loans Acts, 1939 and 1940, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the National Loans Acts, 1939 to 1941.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to enable powers conferred by section two of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, to be exercised with respect to certain bodies incorporated by Royal Charter.

[30th April 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section two of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, shall have effect as if after subsection (2) thereof there were inserted the following subsection :—

" (2A). Where the term of office of members or officers of any corporation incorporated by Royal Charter, or the election of new members or officers of such a corporation,

Ch. 19, 20.

143

1941. Chartered and Other Bodies

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

t

or the filling of vacancies among such members or officers, is regulated by any Act of Parliament, the powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section may be exercised in relation to the corporation as if it had been constituted by an Act/’

2. This Act may be cited as the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941, and this Act and the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, may be cited together as the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Acts, 1939 and 1941.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to make provision for promoting economy and efficiency in the carrying on of the work of public and certain other schools under war conditions.

[22nd May 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1. — (1) As respects any of the following schools namely—

(a) any school to which the Public Schools Acts, 1868 to 1873, apply; or

(b) any school administered by a body incorporated by Royal Charter;

His Majesty may by Order in Council, upon the application of the governing body of the school, make such provision as appears to Him to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of securing economy or efficiency in the carrying on of the work of the school under war conditions.

(2) As respects any other school, being a school with respect to the endowments of which the Board of Education has power to make, or to establish, or to approve and certify, a scheme under the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 to 1908, or under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1925, the Board may by order, upon the application of the governing body of the school, make such provision as appears to the Board to be necessary or expedient as aforesaid.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, any Order in Council or order made

[Short title.]

Power to make orders with respect to certain schools

144

Ch. 20.

Public and Other Schools 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Conditions) Act, 1941.

thereunder with respect to any school may in particular provide for enabling the governing body of the school—

(a) to apply, dining the war period, the income or capital

of any endowment of the school for purposes other than those for which, apart from the provisions of the Order in Council or order, such income or capital might be applied;

(b) to suspend or reduce during the war period any payments

required to be made into any sinking fund established in connection with the administration of the finances of the school, and to extend the period during which any such payments are to be made;

(c) to vary, so far as it relates to the war period, any provision relating to the election or retirement of members of the governing body or to the meetings of that body;

(d) to delegate the exercise during the war period of any of

the functions of the governing body to such person as may be provided for by or under the Order in Council or order:

Provided that—

(A) any Order in Council or order conferring on a governing body the powers as to capital mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection shall state specifically the maximum amount of the capital that may be applied by virtue of the powers, the purposes for which it may be so applied and the purposes for which it could have been applied apart from the provisions of the Order in Council or order; and, where such an Order in Council or order is proposed to be made, a draft of the Order shall not be presented to His Majesty in Council, or the order shall not be made, as the case may be, until a copy thereof has lain before each House of Parliament for a period of forty days, and, if either House within that period resolves that the draft be not so presented, or that the order be not made, as the case may be, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon; and

(B) any Order in Council or order conferring on a governing body the powers as to income mentioned in paragraph (a) or the powers mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection shall provide that those powers shall not be exercised—

(i) in the case of an Order in Council, without the consent of the Lord President of the Council; or

(ii) in the case of an order, without the consent of the Board of Education.

1941.

Public and Other Schools

(War Conditions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 20.

145

(4J In reckoning for the purposes of proviso (A) of the last foregoing subsection the period of forty days therein mentioned, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(5) Before making an application under this section for an Order in Council or order affecting property held in trust for any school by trustees other than the governing body thereof, the governing body shall consult those trustees; and any representations in writing made by those trustees with respect to the application shall be submitted together with the application.

(6) Any Order in Council or order made under this section as respects any school may contain such incidental or consequential provisions as appear to His Majesty, in the case of an Order in Council, or to the Board of Education, in the case of an order, to be expedient, and shall have effect notwithstanding any instrument or thing whatsoever (including an Act of Parliament) regulating the constitution, endowments or functions of the school.

(7) Any such Order in Council or order may provide that all or any of the provisions thereof shall be deemed to have come into operation on such date before the making thereof (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) as may be specified therein, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council or order made in like manner.

(8) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression " endowment", in relation to any

school, includes any fund held for the benefit of the school or of past or present members thereof or teachers thereat;

(b) the expression " governing body", in relation to any school mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, means such body as His Majesty in Council determines to be the body charged with the government of the school, and in relation to any other school, being a school mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, such body as the Board of Education determines to be the body so charged;

(c) the expression " war period" means the period beginning with the second day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty nine, and ending with the date on

which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

expires.

c. 62.

K

146 Ch. 20. Public and Other Schools 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Conditions) Act, 1941.

Application to 2. This Act in its application to Scotland shall have effect Scotland. as jf_

(a) subsection (1) of section one were omitted;

(b) for subsection (2) of section one the following subsection

were substituted—

" As respects any school with respect to the endowments of which the Secretary of State has power to frame schemes under the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, the Secretary of State may by order, upon the application of the governing body of the school, make such provision as appears to him to be necessary or expedient for the purpose of securing economy or efficiency in the carrying on of the work of the school under war conditions.";

(c) for the proviso to subsection (3) of section one there

were substituted the following—

" Provided that—

(A) any order conferring on a. governing body the powers as to capital mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection shall state specifically the maximum amount of the capital that may be applied by virtue of the powers, the purposes for which it may be so applied and the purposes for which it could have been applied apart from the provisions of the order; and no such order shall be made until a copy thereof has lain before each House of Parliament for a period of forty days, and, if either House within that period resolves that the order be not made, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon; and

(B) any order conferring on a governing body the powers as to income mentioned in paragraph (a) or the powers mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection shall provide that these powers shall not be exercised without the consent of the Secretary of State.";

(d) for any reference to the Board of Education a reference

to the Secretary of State were substituted.

Short title 3. — (i)3This Act may be cited as the Public and Other Schools

and extent. (War Conditions) Act, 1941.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

147

1941.

CHAPTER 21.

Allied Powers (Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Constitution of allied Maritime Courts in the United Kingdom.

2. Jurisdiction of Maritime Courts.

3. Saving for jurisdiction of British courts.

4. Offences by British subjects.

5. Institution of proceedings before Maritime Courts.

6. Provisions for compelling attendance of witnesses before Maritime

Courts.

7. Provisions as to contempt of Maritime Courts.

8. Detention for purposes of Maritime Courts, and recovery of fines

and forfeitures.

9. Determination of claims to British nationality.

10. Rules.

11. Finality of decisions of Maritime Courts.

12. Indemnity for acts done in purported exercise of jurisdiction.

13. Expenses of tribunals.

14. Provision as to colonies, &c.

15. Power of Minister of War Transport to order certain ships to be

treated as ships of any Power,

16. Provisions as to Orders in Council, orders, rules, and regulations.

17. Interpretation.

18. Application to Scotland.

19. Application to Northern Ireland.

20. Short title, duration and extent.

Schedule.—Determination of claims to British nationality.

An Act to make temporary provision for enabling allied and associated Powers to establish and maintain in the United Kingdom Maritime Courts for the trial and punishment of certain offences committed by persons other than British subjects; to provide for the trial and punishment by British courts of similar offences committed by British subjects; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd May 1941.]

UE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1—(1) During the continuance in force of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Power to which this Act applies to establish and maintain in the United Kingdom courts of justice, to be called Maritime Courts, having such criminal jurisdiction as is conferred on them by this Act.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall apply to any Power allied with His Majesty or to any Power

Constitution of allied Maritime Courts in the United Kingdom.

148

Ch. 21.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

14 & 15 Vict c. 99.

Jurisdiction of Maritime Courts.

for the time being at war with any other Power with which His Majesty is for the time being at war, and references in the following provisions of this Act to any Power shall be construed as references to a Power to which this Act applies.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Maritime Courts of any Power shall be constituted, and the practice and procedure of those courts shall be regulated, in accordance with the law of that Power.

(4) A Secretary of State may at the request of any Power publish in the Gazettes notice of the establishment of any Maritime Court established by that Power and of the constitution and membership of the court, and may, at the like request and in the like manner, publish notice of the cancellation or modification of any previous notice; and where it is shown that any proceeding purporting to be a proceeding of a Maritime Court of any Power was taken by or before a court which was constituted in accordance with the terms of any such notice for the time being in force relating to the courts of that Power, that proceeding shall be conclusively presumed to be a proceeding of a Maritime Court lawfully constituted in accordance with the law of that Power and having the jurisdiction conferred on such courts by this Act.

(5) The members of a Maritime Court when exercising jurisdiction by virtue of this Act, and all persons taking part in any judicial proceedings of such a court, shall enjoy the like immunities and privileges as are enjoyed respectively by a superior court of record of the United Kingdom and by persons taking part in the judicial proceedings of such a court.

(6) So much of section seven of the Evidence Act, 1851, as relates to the proof of the judicial proceedings of courts of justice in foreign states shall apply in relation to the proceedings of a Maritime Court as if that court were established in a foreign state.

(7) A Secretary of State may by order direct that any officer of a Maritime Court specified in the directions shall have all the powers, immunities and privileges of a constable within the precincts of the court, and in relation only to a person delivered into his custody by virtue of a warrant issued under this Act outside those precincts also.

2. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Maritime Courts of any Power shall have jurisdiction to try persons, not being British subjects, for any of the following acts or omissions constituting offences against the law of that Power, that is to say

(a) any act or omission committed by any person on board

a merchant ship of that Power:

(b) any act or omission committed by the master or any

member of the crew of a merchant ship of that Power

_;d by

1941.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

149

in contravention of the merchant shipping law of that Power:

(c) any act or omission committed by any person who is both a national of that Power and a seaman of that Power as defined by this Act, in contravention of the mercantile marine conscription law of that Power:

Provided that the Maritime Courts of any Power shall not have jurisdiction to try any person for any act or omission committed before the date of the passing of this Act except an act or omission committed at any time not more than six months before that date and constituting an offence against some law of that Power in force at that time other than the merchant shipping law and mercantile marine conscription law thereof.

(2) A Maritime Court shall not have jurisdiction to try any person for any such act or omission unless he has been required to appear before that court for trial by means of a summons issued under this Act and served on him in accordance with rules made thereunder, or has been brought before that court for trial by means of a warrant for his arrest issued under this Act.

(3) A Maritime Court shall not have jurisdiction to try any person for any act or omission constituting or forming part of an offence of which he has been acquitted or convicted by or before any British court.

(4) If the law of any Power makes provision for the proceedings of Maritime Courts established by that Power being subject to appeal to any superior court established by that Power, any such superior court shall have such appellate jurisdiction in relation to matters within the jurisdiction of Maritime Courts as may be conferred by that law, and, except where the context otherwise requires, references in this Act to a Maritime Court shall be construed as including references to any such superior court as aforesaid.

3. — (1) Nothing in this Act shall deprive any British court of jurisdiction in respect of any act or omission constituting an offence against the law of any part of His Majesty’s dominions.

(2) If any person convicted of an offence by or before any British court having jurisdiction in the United Kingdom is proved to have been sentenced by a Maritime Court in respect of any act or omission constituting of forming part of that offence, the British court shall in awarding punishment for the offence have regard to any punishment imposed on him in respect of that act or omission by the sentence of the Maritime Court.

4. — (1) Where any act or omission constituting an offence against the law of any Power is committed after the passing of this Act by a British subject on board a merchant ship of that Power

Saving for jurisdiction of British courts.

Offences by

British

subjects.

CH. 21.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

150

and a like act or omission would, if committed on board a British ship, have constituted an offence against any provision of the law of the United Kingdom, the act or omission shall constitute an offence against that provision.

(2) Where any act or omission constituting an offence against the merchant shipping law of any Power is committed after the passing of this Act by the master or a member of the crew of a merchant ship of that Power who is a British subject and a like act or omission would, if committed by the master or a member of the crew of a British ship, have constituted an offence against any provision of the merchant shipping law of the United Kingdom, the act or omission shall constitute an offence against that provision.

Institution of proceedings before v Maritime Courts.

5. — (1) Where it appears to a justice of the peace, on information on oath laid before him by a person authorised by any Power to institute proceedings before the Maritime Courts of that Power (hereinafter referred to as an " authorised prosecutor ") that it is intended to charge any person before such a court, the justice shall, if he is satisfied that the form and contents of the information comply with the prescribed requirements, either issue a summons to the person to be charged requiring him to appear before the Maritime Court at such time and place as may be specified in the summons, or issue a warrant for his arrest requiring him to be brought before that court:

Provided that a warrant for the arrest of any person shall not be issued by a justice under this subsection unless it appears to him that, having regard to the gravity of the charge or to the urgency of the case, it is expedient that the person to be charged should be arrested forthwith, or that he is unlikely to attend before the Maritime Court without being compelled so to do.

(2) Where it appears to a justice of the peace, on information on oath laid before him, that any person required by a summons issued under this section to appear before a Maritime Court has failed to comply with the requirements of the summons, or that any person bound by any undertaking given by him to a Maritime Court to appear before that court has failed to comply with that undertaking, the justice shall, unless it appears to him that there was reasonable excuse for the failure, issue a warrant for the arrest of that person requiring that he be brought before the Maritime Court.

Provisions for compelling attendance of witnesses before Maritime Courts.

6. — (1) Where it appears to a justice of the peace, either on the production of a certificate issued by a Maritime Court, or on information on oath laid before him by any person, that any person is wanted as a witness in connection with any proceedings before that court (whether for the prosecution or for the defence), the justice shall issue a summons to that person requiring him to attend before the Maritime Court as a witness:

1941.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

151

Provided that where it appears to the justice, on such an information as aforesaid, that the person so wanted is unlikely to attend before the Maritime Court without being compelled so to do, he may, in lieu of issuing such a summons, issue a warrant for the arrest of that person requiring him to be brought before the Maritime Court as a witness.

(2) A summons or warrant issued under this section requiring any person to attend or to be brought before a Maritime Court as a witness in connection with any proceedings shall require him so to attend or be brought at such time and place as may be specified in the summons or warrant and at any adjourned hearing of those proceedings unless and until he is released from attendance by the Maritime Court, either absolutely or subject to any undertaking given to that court.

(3) A summons issued under this section requiring any person to attend before a Maritime Court as a witness in connection with any proceedings shall require him to bring with him any articles in his possession or power which he has reasonable cause to believe to be wanted as evidence before that court in connection with those proceedings, and in particular such articles if any as may be specified in the summons.

(4) If any person fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any requirement of a summons issued under this section and served on him in accordance with rules made under this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment; and where any person is convicted of an offence under this subsection in respect of his failure to attend before a Maritime Court, the court by which he is convicted may, without prejudice to any punishment imposed on him for that offence, direct that he be brought before the Maritime Court as a witness, and commit him to custody until he is so brought.

7. — (1) A Maritime Court shall have power to order the Provisions as detention of, or to impose a fine on, any person, not being a to contempt of British subject, who is guilty of contempt of court committed Maritime before that court. u

(2) If any British subject commits before any Maritime Court any act or omission which would, if it had been committed before a British court of record in that part of the United Kingdom in which the Maritime Court was established, have been punishable by the British court as a contempt of court, he shall be guilty of an offence, and liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

152

CH. 21.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6

Detention for purposes Maritime Courts, and recovery of fines and forfeitures.

8. — (1) A certificate in the prescribed form issued by a f Maritime Court certifying that any person has been sentenced by that court to detention, or ordered by that court to be detained for contempt of court or pending the determination of any proceedings against him before that court, shall be a sufficient warrant for the detention of that person in any prison or other place of detention in the United Kingdom, being a prison or place sanctioned in that behalf by a Secretary of State in accordance with arrangements made by him with the government of the Power by which that court was established, and for the conveyance of that person to any such prison or place, and in the case of a person not already in custody for the apprehension of that person for the purpose of his being so conveyed.

(2) Where any person is detained by virtue of an order of a Maritime Court in any prison in the United Kingdom, then, subject to the provisions of any regulations made under this section, the provisions of any Act, regulation, rule, or order, relating to the treatment of persons in such a prison, and any such provisions relating to the manner in which such persons are to be dealt with in the event of their unsoundness of mind, shall apply to him—

(a) in the case of a person sentenced by a Maritime Court

to detention for a term of three years or more, as if he had been sentenced to penal servitude for that term by a British court having jurisdiction in the United Kingdom;

(b) in the case of a person sentenced by a Maritime Court

to detention for a term of less than three years, as if he had been sentenced to imprisonment for that term, or for terms amounting in the aggregate to a period equal to that term, by such a British court as aforesaid;

(c) in the case of a person ordered to be detained pending

the determination of proceedings against him before a Maritime Court, as if he were a prisoner awaiting trial before such a British court as aforesaid; and

(d) in the case of a person ordered by a Maritime Court to

be detained for contempt of court, as if he had been ordered to be imprisoned for contempt of such a British court as aforesaid.

(3) Where any person, being a national of any Power by which Maritime Courts are established under this Act, has been sentenced by a Maritime Court of that Power to detention for a term of one year or more, he may, under the authority of an order of the Maritime Court, be transferred to any place within the territory of that Power (not being territory in the

1941.

Allied Powers

[Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

153

occupation of any Power with which His Majesty is for the time being at war) there to serve the whole or any part of his sentence; and for that purpose any such person may, under the authority aforesaid, be removed to and conveyed aboard any ship of that Power or any British ship:

Provided that no person shall be so transferred, removed, or conveyed under the order of a Maritime Court unless the order has been endorsed with a certificate of a Secretary of State certifying that, having regard to the limitations imposed by rules of court upon the time within which proceedings for that purpose may be taken, the jurisdiction of the Maritime Court to try him is no longer open to question under the provisions of this Act, and, in the case of an order authorising removal to and conveyance aboard a British ship, that the ship may be used for that purpose.

(4) A fine imposed upon any person by a Maritime C6urt of any Power, and any sum ordered by such a court to be paid by any person in respect of the costs of any proceedings against him before that court, or to be forfeited by way of penalty tor breach of any undertaking given to that court shall, without prejudice to any remedy under the law of that Power, be recoverable summarily as a civil debt by the government of that Power.

(5) The arrangements made by a Secretary of State with the government of any Power for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section may make provision—

(a) as to the reception from Maritime Courts of that Power

of persons to be detained under this Act, and as to the release of persons so detained; and

(b) as to the payment of any costs incurred in connection

with the apprehension, conveyance, or detention or imprisonment of persons for the purposes of or in connection with proceedings before those courts under this Act.

(6) A Secretary of State may make regulations as to the apprehension, conveyance, custody, treatment, and release of any persons detained or ordered to be detained under this Act, and, in particular—

(a) as to the manner in which such persons are to be brought

before local tribunals or Maritime Courts;

(b) as to the time during which such persons may continue

to be detained under this Act before trial;

(c) as to the conveyance, custody and treatment within the

United Kingdom or on board any British ship of persons ordered to be transferred to the territory of any Power under the foregoing provisions of this section;

154

CH. 21.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Determination of claims to British nationality.

Rules.

and such regulations may direct that any provisions of any Act, regulation, rule, or order relating to the detention of prisoners or other like matters shall apply with respect to the apprehension, conveyance, custody, treatment, and release of such persons as aforesaid either without modifications or with such modifications and adaptations as may be provided by the regulations.

(7) Any person apprehended, detained, removed, or conveyed | in accordance with the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder shall be deemed to be in lawful custody.

9. — (1) If any person who has been required to appear or to be brought before a Maritime Court for the purpose of being tried by such a court, or who has been ordered by such a court to be punished for contempt of court, claims to be a British subject, he may apply to have that claim determined by a local tribunal; and where any claim has been so determined, the determination of the tribunal shall be final and conclusive for all the purposes of this Act but not for any other purpose.

(2) Such local tribunals as aforesaid shall be constituted, and proceedings in connection with the determination of such claims as aforesaid shall be regulated, in accordance with the provisions of the Schedule to this Act and of any rules made under this Act.

(3) Where the claim of any person to be a British subject is allowed by a local tribunal, all proceedings connected with his trial or punishment by a Maritime Court shall be void, except that the determination of the tribunal shall be conclusive for the purposes of any proceedings which may be taken against him in a British court in respect of any act or omission in respect of which British subjects are punishable under this Act.

10. — (1) The Lord Chancellor may make rules with respect to proceedings under this Act by and before justices of the peace and local tribunals and with respect to the execution of process issued for the purposes of this Act, and without prejudice to the generality of the power hereby conferred, such rules may in particular make provision—

(a) as to proof of the identity and authorisation of

authorised prosecutors and of clerks and other officers of Maritime Courts either by means of certificates or otherwise;

(b) as to the form and contents of any information,

summons, warrant, or other document to be issued in connection with proceedings under this Act by and before justices and local tribunals;

(c) as to the service of summonses and other documents under this Act, and as to the time before the return day by which such summonses must be served;

1941.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

155

(d) as to the execution of warrants issued for the purposes of this Act;

(e) as to the admission to bail of any person pending his

appearance or attendance before a local tribunal or a Maritime Court;

and such rules may direct that any provisions of any Act, regulation, rule, or order relating to like matters shall apply with respect to procedure and practice under this Act either without modifications or with such modifications and adaptations as may be provided by the rules.

(2) The rules made under this section shall make such provision as the Lord Chancellor thinks proper for securing that any person required to appear or to be brought before a Maritime Court for trial by that court shall, at or as soon as may be after the time of the service upon him of the summons or of his arrest as the case may be, be notified that British subjects are not subject to the jurisdiction of Maritime Courts, and be informed as to the procedure' to be adopted by any person claiming to be a British subject.

11. — (1) The decision by a Maritime Court of any Power of any question within the jurisdiction conferred on such courts by this Act shall not be subject to any appeal except such as may be provided for by the law of that Power, and, save as expressly provided by this Act, the proceedings of a Maritime Court shall not be restrained or reviewed by any British court.

(2) If any person claims that in any proceedings connected with the trial.of any person convicted by a Maritime Court, or with the punishment of any person by such a court for contempt of court, the jurisdiction conferred by this Act has been exceeded, he may, with the leave of the Maritime Court or of the High Court, apply to the High Court in accordance with rules of court for a declaration to that effect:

Provided that, where the application is proposed to be made on the ground that the person convicted or punished was a British subject, leave shall not be given by the High Court unless it appears to that Court that, by reason of some cause other than the neglect or default of that person, the question of his nationality has not been determined by a local tribunal.

(3) In any proceedings in the High Court upon an application ade to that Court under this section—

(a) no determination made by the Maritime Court shall be called in question except so far as may be necessary for the determination of the question whether the jurisdiction of that court has bqen exceeded; and

Finality of decisions of Maritime Courts.

156

Ch. 21.

AUied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Indemnity for acts done in purported exercise of jurisdiction.

Expenses of tribunals.

Provision as to colonies, &c.

Power of Minister of War Transport to order certain ships to be treated as ships of any Power.

(6) any determination whether expressed or implied in the judgment of the Maritime Court upon any question falling to be determined according to the law of the Power by which that court was established shall be conclusive evidence of that law.

(4) Where a declaration is made by the High Court that in any proceedings connected with the trial or punishment of any person by a Maritime Court the jurisdiction conferred by this Act has been exceeded, all proceedings connected with the trial or punishment of that person by the Maritime Court, except any determination by a local tribunal as to his nationality, shall be void.

12. Anything done in good faith and in purported exercise of the powers conferred by this Act for the purpose of or in connection with the trial or punishment of any person by a Maritime Court shall not be deemed to have been unlawfully done by reason only that he was not subject to the jurisdiction of the Maritime Court or that the jurisdiction of that court was exceeded.

13. All expenses incurred in connection with the establishment of local tribunals or arising out of any jurisdiction exercisable by such tribunals shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

14. His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall extend, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the Order—

(a) to any colony;

(b) to any British Protectorate;

(c) to any territory in respect of which a mandate on behalf

of the League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty, and is being exercised by His Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom.

15. — (1) Where the Minister of War Transport is satisfied that, in pursuance of any arrangements made on behalf of His Majesty with the government of any Power, any British ship is to be wholly or mainly manned by nationals of that Power, the Minister may by order direct that, for the purposes of all or any of the provisions of this Act, that ship shall be treated as if she were a ship of that Power; and references in the foregoing provisions of this Act to a merchant ship of that Power shall be construed as including a reference to any ship specified in such an order notwithstanding that she remains a British ship.

(2) Any order made for the purposes of this section shall be published in the Gazettes.

1941.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

157

16. — (1) Any Order in Council or order made under the fore- Provisions

going provisions of this Act may be revoked by a subsequent *° Orders Order in Council or order, as the case may be: ordersnC *

Provided that, on the revocation of any such Order in Council rules, and or order, section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 re£ulatioas-(which relates to the effect of repeals) shall apply with respect 52 & 53 Vict, to the effect of the revocation of the Order in Council or order c' 3‘ in like manner as it applies with respect to the effect of the repeal ,

of Acts passed after the commencement of that Act.

(2) Every Order in Council made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as. may be after it is made.

(3) All rules and regulations made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such rules or regulations are laid before it, resolves that the rules or regulations be annulled, the rules or regulations shall henceforth become void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of any new rules or regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(4) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not 56 & 57 Vict-apply to any Order in Council, rules, or regulations made under c- 66,

this Act.

17. — (1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpretation, hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" British subject " includes a British protected person;

" Contempt of court " means, in relation to a Maritime Court of any Power, any act or omission which under the law of that Power is punishable by that court in like manner as contempt of court is punishable by a British court of record;

" Detention " includes any form of imprisonment or detention;

" Gazettes" means the London, Edinburgh, and Belfast Gazettes;

" Mercantile marine conscription law ", in relation to any Power, includes any law imposing compulsory service on nationals of that Power in so far as it relates to such service in merchant ships of that Power or in merchant ships which by virtue of any order made under this Act are to be treated as if they were ships of that Power;

158

Ch. 21.

AUied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

" Merchant shipping law " does not include any law imposing compulsory service in merchant ships, but save as aforesaid, means any law relating to merchant shipping, including any law making special provision for the punishment of offences committed by masters or members of the crews of merchant ships;

" Prescribed" means prescribed by rules or regulations made under this Act;

" Return day", in relation to any summons, means the day on which the person summoned is required by the summons to appeal^;

" Seaman of that Power " means, in relation to any Power, a person who, since the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-four, has been employed or engaged on board ships of that Power, either as master or as member of the crew, or partly in the one way and partly in the other, for a period of six months or more, or for periods amounting in the aggregate to not less than six months.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, all vessels which according to British law are deemed to be British ships and all vessels which according to the law of any Power are deemed to be ships of that Power shall be deemed to be British ships and to be ships of that Power respectively.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that any question whether a ship of any Powder, or which by virtue of any order made under this Act is to be treated as if she were a ship of any Power, is a merchant ship shall be determined in accordance with the law of that Power.

(4) References in this Act to the law of any Power shall be construed as references to any such law for the time being in force by virtue of any Act, order, proclamation, or other legislative instrument whatsoever of the government of that Power, whether passed, issued, or made before or after the commencement of this Act, and, in the case of a Power the government of which is for the time being constituted in the United Kingdom, or in any territory to which this Act can be extended by Order in Council, whether before or after that government was so constituted.

Application to 18. This Act shall in its application to Scotland have effect

Scotland. subject to the following modifications :—

(a) for the reference in paragraph 4 of the Schedule to the Lord Chancellor there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State and for any reference elsewhere in this Act to the Lord Chancellor there shall be substituted a reference to the Lord Justice General;

1941.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

159

(b) for references to the High Court thej-e shall be substi-

tuted references to the High Court of Justiciary;

(c) for the reference to a judge of county courts there shall

be substituted a reference to a sheriff-substitute, and for the reference to a county court there shall be substituted a reference to a sheriff court;

(d) for references to a justice of the peace, and to a summons

there shall be substituted respectively references to the sheriff and to an order;

(e) subsection (5) of section one shall have effect as if for

the reference to a superior court of record of the United Kingdom there were substituted a reference to the High Court of Justiciary;

(f) subsection (2) of section seven shall have effect as if for the reference to a British court of record there were substituted a reference to the High Court of Justiciary;

(g) subsection (4) of section eight shall have effect as if the

word " summarily " were omitted; and

(h) paragraph 1 of the Schedule shall have effect as if for

the words "be a court of record " there were substituted the words "have for the purpose aforesaid the like powers regarding punishment for contempt of court, award of expenses and the issue of extracts, as a sheriff court".

19. This Act shall in its application to Northern Ireland have effect subject to the following modifications :—

(a) for references to the Lord Chancellor there shall be

substituted references to the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland;

(b) subsection (6) of section eight shall have effect as if for

the reference to a Secretary of State there were substituted a reference to the Minister of Home Affairs.

20. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Allied Powers (Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

(2) This Act shall continue in force until the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, and shall then expire:

Provided that on the expiration of this Act subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals) shall apply as if this Act had then been repealed.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

Short title, duration and extent.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

i6o

Ch. 21.

Allied Powers 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Sections 9, 18.

SCHEDULE.

Determination of Claims to British Nationality.

Constitution of Local Tribunals.

1. There shall be established at such places as may be determined by the Lord Chancellor local tribunals for the purpose of determining the claims of persons who claim to be exempt from the jurisdiction of Maritime Courts as British subjects, and every such tribunal shall be a court of record.

2. Every local tribunal shall consist of a single person appointed by the Lord Chancellor and a person so appointed shall hold office upon such terms as may be determined by the Lord Chancellor at the time of his appointment.

3. A person shall not be qualified to be appointed to be a local tribunal unless he is a judge of county courts or a person qualified to be appointed to be such a judge.

4. The Lord Chancellor may, with the concurrence of the Treasury as to numbers and salaries, appoint in connection with any local tribunal such officers as he considers necessary for the purpose of carrying out the work of the tribunal and may from time to time direct what duties shall be performed by those officers and may if he thinks fit remove any such officer from his office.

Applications for determination of claims and admission to bail.

5. Except in a case where the applicant has been ordered by a Maritime Court to be punished for contempt of court, an application for the determination by a local tribunal of the claim of any person to be a British subject shall not be made after he has appeared or been brought before a Maritime Court without the leave of that court.

6. An application for the determination by a local tribunal of the claim of any person to be a British subject may be made, in the prescribed manner, to the officer in charge of any police station or to the governor of any prison, and upon such an application being so made it shall be the duty of that officer or governor, in accordance with rules made under this Act, to transmit the claim to the tribunal.

7. Where an application has been duly made by any person to have his claim to be a British subject determined by a local tribunal, then, until after the determination of the claim by the tribunal—

(a) in the case of a person who has been required to appear or to be brought before a Maritime Court for the purpose of being tried by such a court, he shall not be required so to appear or to be brought;

1941.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

Ch. 21.

(6) in the case of a person ordered by a Maritime Court to be detained for contempt of court, he shall be treated as if he had been remanded in custody;

(c) in the case of a person ordered by a Maritime Court to be fined for contempt of court, the fine shall not be recoverable.

8. Provision shall be made by rules made under this Act for giving to any person by whom such an application as aforesaid has been made, and to the authorised prosecutor by whom proceedings were instituted against him, or in a case where the applicant has been ordered by a Maritime Court to be punished for contempt of court to the clerk of that court, notice of the time and place at which the claim will be determined by the tribunal; and provision shall be made by such rules for empowering any officer of police of a rank not below that of inspector and any justice of the peace to admit any such • applicant who is in custody to bail pending the determination of his claim.

Proceedings by Local Tribunals.

9. Rules made under this Act may authorise the giving of evidence by affidavit upon proceedings before local tribunals, and, subject as hereinafter provided, such rules may authorise local tribunals to determine applications submitted to them after taking into consideration documentary evidence only:

Provided that the applicant, the authorised prosecutor by whom proceedings against the applicant were instituted, or, in a case where the applicant has been ordered by a Maritime Court to be punished for contempt of court, the clerk of that court, shall be entitled to require a hearing to be held and shall be afforded an opportunity to apply therefor, and shall, upon the hearing being held, be entitled to appear and be heard thereat.

10. If a local tribunal, after considering the evidence submitted to it with respect to the claim of any person to be a British subject, is satisfied that the claim is substantially established, the tribunal may allow the claim notwithstanding that the evidence is not in the opinion of the tribunal conclusive.

11. Where the claim of any person to be a British subject is disallowed by a local tribunal, then—

(a) in the case of a person who has been required to appear or to be

brought before a Maritime Court for the purpose of being tried by such a court, the tribunal shall by order give directions as to the time and place at which he shall so appear or be brought, and, in the case of a person for whose arrest a warrant has been issued, as to his custody or release on bail in the meanwhile;

(b) in the case of a person ordered by a Maritime Court to be

punished for contempt of court, the tribunal shall by order give such directions as may be necessary for giving full effect to the order of the Maritime Court.

12. (1) Where the claim of any person to be a British subject is allowed by a local tribunal and the tribunal is satisfied that the applicant has incurred substantial travelling or subsistence expenses

L

162

Ch. 21,22.

Allied Powers

(Maritime Courts) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

in connection with the determination of his claim, the tribunal may, if it thinks fit, order payment to him of such expenses, by the prescribed officer in accordance with the prescribed scale.

(2) Where the claim of any person to be a British subject is disallowed by a local tribunal, the tribunal may, if of opinion that the claim was frivolous and made for the purpose of obstruction or delay, order the applicant to pay to the prescribed officer such contribution towards the expenses of the tribunal not exceeding five pounds as to the tribunal seems just, and, in default of the payment of any sum so ordered to be paid, payment thereof shall be enforced as if the order were an order made by a county court for the payment of fees.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to provide for the reorganisation and improvement of the fire services of Great Britain, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd May 1941.]

DE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to provide by regulations for co-ordination and unification of fire services.

1. — (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations providing for the co-ordination, for the period of the present emergency, of all or any of the fire services provided by local authorities or for the unification, in whole or in part, of all or any of those services for that period, whether under his control or otherwise, and for any other matters which appear to him to be necessary or expedient to be provided for with a view to improving the arrangements for fighting fires, and such regulations may in particular, (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words,) make provision for all or any of the matters set out in the Schedule to this Act.

(2) Regulations made under subsection (1) of this section with the consent of the Treasury may require payments to be made to or by any local authority by or to the Secretary of State or any other local authority, and may make provision as to the compensation, if any, to be paid for the use of any property of a local authority by or on behalf of the Crown or any other local authority, and for the withholding of the whole or any part of any grant which would otherwise be payable by the Crown to any local authority, if the Secretary of State is satisfied that that authority have failed to perform, or properly to perform, any duty (whether general or particular) imposed upon them

1941.

Fire Services

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. ?2.

163

under this Act or imposed upon them, otherwise than under this Act, in connection with the fighting of fires or the making of provision for facilitating the fighting thereof.

(3) Any regulations made under this Act shall, subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section, have effect notwithstanding anything in any enactment or in any instrument having effect by virtue of any enactment, including any enactment in a local Act, and may, so far as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the regulations, amend or suspend the operation of any enactment, and apply any enactment with or without modification.

2. — (1) Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) and subsection (4) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939,. as amended by subsection (2) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940 (which relate to the amendment of Acts by Defence Regulations) shall have effect as if this Act had been passed before the commencement of the last mentioned Act, and subsections (1) and (2) of section eight of the first mentioned Act (which relate to the laying before Parliament of Defence Regulations and the annulment of Defence Regulations) shall apply in relation to regulations under this Act as they apply in relation to Orders in Council containing Defence Regulations.

(2) Any expenses incurred by a Secretary of State or other Minister of the Crown in consequence of the passing of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) In this Act the expression " local authority ’’ includes a police authority and a joint board or other combination of local authorities, the expression " the period of the present emergency" means the period expiring with the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, and the expression " fire personnel" means any of the following persons, that is to say,—

(a) any member of the London Fire Brigade or of any fire brigade maintained under the Fire Brigades Act, 1938, by a local authority; and

(b) any member of the Auxiliary Fire Service; and

(c) any person in the service of the Crown by virtue of the

National Service Act, 1941, who is for the time being serving with the Auxiliary Fire Service; and

(d) any other person employed in any such capacity connected with the fighting of fires as may be specified in that behalf in regulations under this section.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Fire Services (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1941.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Supplemental

provisions.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. e. 20.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 72.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 15.

Short title and extent.

164

Ch. 22.

Fire Services

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo 6.

Section 1.

SCHEDULE.

1. For suspending or modifying all or any of, or adding to, the powers and duties of any local authority in connection with the fighting of fires and the making of provision for facilitating the fighting thereof, whether within the area of that authority or elsewhere, during the period of the present emergency.

2. For requiring any local authority to obey such directions as to acts to be done or not to be done in the exercise or performance of their powers and duties in connection with the matters specified in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, as may be given to them during the said period by the Secretary of State or any person authorised in that behalf by or under the regulations.

3. For enabling the Secretary of State or any person authorised in that behalf by or under the regulations to exercise, at any time during the said period, in the name of and on behalf of a local authority any of the powers of that local authority in connection with the said matters, and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words) to give at any time during the said period to any officer or servant of the local authority any orders in connection with any such matter which could have been given by the local authority.

4. For authorising the use during the said period, by or on behalf of the Crown or any other authority or person, of any property of a local authority acquired or held by them for the purposes of a fire service.

5. For the transfer of fire personnel (with or without their consent) from the service of a local authority to the service of the Crown or any other local authority, for the whole or any part of the said period, and for requiring them to serve accordingly, in such place and under such officers and in such rank as may be specified by or under the regulations:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to personnel employed part-time or without remuneration so as to require them, without their consent, to serve in any place where they could not have been so required to serve if this Act had not been passed.

6. For regulating the pay, allowances and conditions of service of fire personnel, whether in the service of the Crown or in that of any local authority, during the said period.

7. For preserving, with or without adjustment, the rights of, and of the wives and dependants of, fire personnel transferred under the regulations as respects pensions and gratuities.

8. Without prejudice to the powers conferred by paragraph 3 of this Schedule, for requiring fire personnel, whether in the service of the Crown or not, to obey during the said period the orders of such persons as may be designated in that behalf by or under the regulations.

I941- Fire Services Ch. 22, 23. 165

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1941.

9. For prescribing for the said period, in relation to fire personnel, a code of offences against discipline, the procedure for dealing with those offences and the punishments which may be imposed therefor.

10. For applying, in relation to fire personnel in the service of the Crown and in relation to the Secretary of State or any other authority or person under whose direction or control such personnel may be, any enactments relating to fire personnel employed by a local authority or to any local authority having functions in connection with the prevention of fires.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to enable provision to be made for the temporary guardianship of children sent out of the United Kingdom during the present war period.

[12th June 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that, for the purpose Guardianship of affording assistance to any authorities, societies or persons in any of children country outside the United Kingdom who undertake responsibility sent overseas for the welfare of children who are in that country without their parents in consequence of war operations, it is expedient to appoint period. guardians for any children sent out of the United Kingdom during the present war period who are for the time being in that country, he may, on the application of any such authority, society or person, appoint such guardians; and a person so appointed as guardian for any child is hereinafter referred to as the appointed guardian of the child:

Provided that the powers of the Secretary of State under this subsection shall not be exercised with respect to any child sent out of the United Kingdom after the passing of this Act unless the Secretary of State is satisfied that the parents of the child have consented to their exercise.

(2) Where a person has become the appointed guardian of a child in any country, then, subject as hereinafter provided, so long as the child remains in that country the appointed guardian shall be deemed to be the sole guardian of the person of the child, and may exercise all functions exercisable in accordance with the law of England by the sole guardian of the person of an infant domiciled in England, notwithstanding that the child may not be so domiciled, including the function of autho-

166 Ch. 23. Temporary Migration 4 5 Geo. 6.

of Children (Guardianship) Act, 1941.

rising such authorities, societies or persons as he considers suitable to act on his behalf in respect of such matters as he thinks proper:

Provided that, if at any time the parents of the child are in that country and give to the appointed guardian of the child notice in writing that they assume responsibility for the child, then, except in so far as may be agreed between the appointed guardian and the parents, the functions of the appointed guardian shall not be exercisable under this Act with respect to the child while the parents remain in the country, unless the appointed guardian is unable after reasonable enquiry to trace the parents.

(3) The Secretary of State may revoke the appointment of the appointed guardian of any child; and if the parents of any child who was sent out of the United Kingdom before the passing of this Act and for whom such a guardian has been appointed request the Secretary of State to revoke the appointment, the Secretary of State shall, as soon as he is satisfied that proper arrangements have been made for the care of the child, revoke the appointment.

(4) In this Act the expression "child" means a person who at the time of his being sent out of the United Kingdom had not attained the age of sixteen years; and the expression " the present war period" means the period beginning with the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and 2 & 3 Geo. 6. ending with the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) c. 62. Act, 1939.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, a child domiciled in any part of the United Kingdom who has at any time during the present wrar period been left unaccompanied by his parents in any country outside the United Kingdom shall be deemed to have been sent out of the United Kingdom at that time.

(6) Subject as hereinafter provided, any reference in this Act to the parents of a child shall be construed—

(a) in the case of a child who, apart from the provisions of this Act is, or would but for those provisions be, under the guardianship of one parent only, as a reference to that parent;

(h) in the case of a child who, apart from the provisions of this Act is, or would but for those provisions be, under the guardianship of any person other than a parent and is not or wrould not be under the guardianship of either parent, as a reference to that person;

(1 c) in the case of a child who, apart from the provisions of this Act is, or would but for those provisions be, under the guardianship of a parent and any person other than a parent, as a reference to the parent and that other person:

1941.

Temporary Migration of Children (Guardianship) Act, 1941.

Ch. 23, 24.

167

Provided that any such reference shall not in the case of any child include a reference to any person who has been deprived of the custody of the child by the order of a court of competent jurisdiction, and in relation to any such case the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect as if for any reference to that person there were substituted a reference to the person appointed by that court to have the custody of the child.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Temporary Migration of Children (Guardianship)' Act, 1941.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 24.

Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Adjustment of Liabilities.

Liabilities Adjustment Officers.

Section.

1. Services of liabilities adjustment officers in effecting schemes of arrangement.

2. Appointment, services, salaries and staff of liabilities adjustment officers.

Liabilities Adjustment Proceedings.

3. Application for adjustment of debtor's affairs.

4. Main provisions of liabilities adjustment order.

5- Disclaimer of property and rescission of contracts.

6. Powers of court with respect to leases and other contracts.

7. Mortgagees.

8. Provision for securing payment of sums in respect of property or under contracts retained or adopted by the debtor.

9. Priority of debts.

10. Interim orders, variation and revocation of orders, &c.

11. References to liabilities adjustment officers.

12. Order of discharge.

13. Power to continue adjustment proceedings in relation to estate of deceased debtor.

• Application to Partnerships and Companies.

14. Provisions as to partnership.

15- Provisions as to companies.

Supplementary.

16. Rules.

17. Provable debts.

18. Effect of liabilities adjustment proceedings or scheme of arrangement on persons liable jointly or as sureties.

19. Offences.

Short title and extent.

i68

Ch. 24.

Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Section.

20. Provisions as to Courts.

21. Savings.

22. Exemption from stamp duties.

23. Application to the Crown.

4. Extent of Part I.

5. Provision as to Northern Ireland.

. Part II.

Extension of certain Enactments to Contracts made after Commencement War.

26. Extension of Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 and 1940,

to contracts made after the commencement of war.

27. Extension of Possession of Mortgaged Land (Emergency Provisions)

Act, 1939, to mortgages made after commencement of war.

Part III.

Interpretation, Title and Operation.

28. Interpretation.

29. Short title and commencement.

An Act to provide for the arrangement or the adjustment and settlement of the affairs of persons financially affected by war circumstances; to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 and 1940, and the Possession of Mortgaged Land (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[12th June 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Services of

liabilities

adjustment

officers in

effecting

schemes of

arrangement.

Adjustment of Liabilities.

Liabilities Adjustment Officers.

1. — (1) Any person who is in serious financial difficulties owing to war circumstances may apply to an officer appointed under this Part of this Act, to be known as a " liabilities adjustment officer," for advice and assistance in enabling hfrn to arrive at an equitable and reasonable scheme of arrangement with his creditors and, in particular, at such a scheme of arrangement as will enable him, if he carries on a business or would, but for war circumstances, carry on a business, to preserve that business or to recover it when circumstances permit; and the liabilities adjustment officer shall give his services accordingly in any case where he considers that they may be of use.

1941* Liabilities (War-Time Ch. 24.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

(2) Where any scheme of arrangement is effected through the services of a liabilities adjustment officer, being a scheme to which the debtor and all the creditors who have provable debts and to whom notice has been given in accordance with rules made under this Part of this Act assent, the officer shall approve ' the scheme, and, if he is unable to effect a scheme to which the debtor and all the said creditors assent, he may approve any scheme appearing to .him to be equitable and reasonable and to which the debtor and a majority in number and in value of such

of the said creditors whose debts have been proved assent, and any scheme so approved shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be binding on all the said creditors, so far as their provable debts are concerned:

Provided that—

(a) where any of the said creditors has a debt which would

be entitled to be paid in priority under subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, if 4 the debtor were bankrupt, a scheme of arrangement c* shall not be approved under this section unless that creditor assents thereto or the scheme secures the payment of the debt with the like degree of priority;

(b) a scheme of arrangement, other than a scheme made

with the assent of the debtor and all the said creditors, shall not be approved under this section except in a case in which the court would have jurisdiction to make a liabilities adjustment order under this Part of this Act;

(c) a scheme of arrangement approved under this section

shall not, except so far as may be expressly provided by the scheme with the assent of the creditor concerned, release the debtor from any debt or liability from which he would not be released by an order of discharge made under this Part of this Act.

(3) A scheme of arrangement approved under this section may provide for the composition of debts, the postponement of payment of debts, the assignment or charging of any property of the debtor in favour of the creditors, and the management or disposal of the debtor’s business (if any) or any other part of his property, and may, with the assent of the other parties thereto, vary the terms of any lease, mortgage or contract to which the debtor is a party.

(4) Subject as hereinafter provided, any scheme of arrangement approved under this section shall be deemed to have been duly made and approved in accordance with the provisions thereof:

Provided that any creditor who has not assented to the scheme may appeal to the court against the approval thereof on the ground that it contravenes the provisions of this section or that it is inequitable or unreasonable, and the court may on any such

169

Part I. —coni.

& 5 Geo. 5. 59.

170

Part I.

—cont.

4 & 5 Geo. 6 c. 47.

Appointment

services,

salaries and

staff of

liabilities

adjustment

officers.

Ch. 24. Liabilities ( 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

appeal vary or revoke the scheme, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime.

(5) Where it appears that any scheme of arrangement approved under this section does not bind any creditor who has a provable debt by reason of the fact that the creditor was not given the prescribed notice, that creditor, or any creditor who is bound by the scheme, or the liabilities adjustment officer, may apply to the court to extend the scheme, with such variations as may be necessary, to the creditor not bound thereby or to revoke the scheme and the court may, if it thinks fit, extend or revoke the scheme accordingly.

(6) Any scheme of arrangement approved under this section may be enforced by the court on the application of any creditor bound thereby, or, in a case where the scheme is being administered by the liabilities adjustment officer, on the application of that officer, and any disobedience of an order of the court made on any such application shall be a contempt of court, and may be punished accordingly.

(7) If the debtor fails to comply with any such scheme of arrangement, or if it appears to the court that the scheme cannot for any sufficient reason proceed without undue delay or without injustice to the creditors or to the debtor, or that the debtor is guilty of any act or omission which would constitute an 'offence under this Part of this Act or has in any respect failed to act in complete good faith towards his creditors, the court may, if it thinks fit, on the application of the liabilities adjustment officer or of any creditor bound by the scheme or, if the ground is injustice to the debtor, on his application, revoke the scheme, but without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime.

(8) The revocation of a scheme of arrangement by the court under this section shall be without prejudice to the making of a new scheme of arrangement, and the court may give directions to the liabilities adjustment officer with respect to the making of a new scheme.

(9) Where any scheme of arrangement is approved under this section, the liabilities adjustment officer shall signify his approval in writing on the instrument effecting the scheme, and ever}7 scheme so approved shall be registered in the prescribed manner.

(10) Nothing in the Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914, shall apply to a scheme approved under this section.

2. — (1) The Lord Chancellor shall appoint at least one liabilities adj iMment officer for every county court district in which it appears to him that the services of such an officer are needed, and shall appoint such subordinate-officers and servants as appear to him to be necessary; and the Lord Chancellor may dis&iss

1941- Liabilities ( WCh. 24.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

any liabilities adjustment officer and any such subordinate officer or servant.

(2) The services of liabilities adjustment officers under this Part of this Act shall be such as may be prescribed, and may include assistance in arranging and providing facilities for meetings of creditors, and presiding at such meetings; and if any scheme of arrangement approved under the last foregoing section provides for the administration thereof by the liabilities adjustment officer, the services of that officer shall be available for the purpose to such extent as may be prescribed.

(3) There shall be paid to liabilities adjustment officers and to any such subordinate officers and servants such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine and the salaries or remuneration and the expenses of any such officers and servants shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Liabilities Adjustment Proceedings.

3. — (1) An application may be made to the court for the adjustment and settlement under this Part of this Act of the affairs of any person, on the ground that, owing to war circumstances,—

(a) he is unable to pay his accrued debts or will be unable,

after payment of his accrued debts (if any), to meet, as they fall due, any future liabilities in respect of obligations already incurred; or

(b) is in such a position that, if he were required to pay his

accrued debts and to meet, as they fall due, any such future liabilities as aforesaid, he would have no reasonable prospect of preserving or recovering his business, or would otherwise lose his means of livelihood;

and any such application may be made—

(i) by the debtor;

(ii) by any creditor who is prevented, by reason of the provisions of Regulation four or paragraph (2) of Regulation six of the Defence (Evacuated Areas) Regulations, 1940, from commencing or prosecuting any proceedings or exercising any remedy in respect of a debt which would be a provable debt; or

(iii) in a case where the debtor has been granted and is still enjoying relief under section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, by any creditor who has a debt which would be a provable debt.

(2) Where it appears to the court that a prima facie case has been made out as to the matters specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of the last foregoing subsection, the court majr

171

Part I.

—cont.

Application for adjustment of debtor’s affairs.

2 & 3 Geo. 0. c. 67.

172

Ch. 24.

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I. — co t

make an order, to be known as a " protection order*', and, while any such order is in force,—

(a) any proceedings against the debtor or his property

in respect of any provable debt and any proceedings against the debtor for the recovery of possession of land or of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement shall be stayed, and shall not be further prosecuted except with the leave of the court and subject to such restrictions and conditions as it thinks fit, but the court before which any such proceedings were pending may allow costs already incurred by the creditor and any such costs may, for the purposes of proceedings under this Part of this Act, be added to the debt;

(b) no proceedings shall be commenced, and no remedy

shall be exercised, against the debtor or his property in respect of any provable debt, and no proceedings for the recovery of possession of land or of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement, being land or goods • in the debtor’s possession at the date of the order, shall be commenced, and no remedy by way of re-entry upon any such land or taking possession of any such goods shall be exercised, against the debtor, except with the leave of the court and subject to such restrictions and conditions as it thinks fit;

(c) for the purposes of any application for leave to exercise

against the debtor or his property any of the rights or remedies for the exercise of which leave is required under section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, the court shall be deemed to be the appropriate court within the meaning of that Act, and shall have power to vary any restrictions or conditions upon which leave to exercise any such right or remedy was granted before the making of the protection order.

(3) The court may in a protection order—

(a) give such directions as to the management and disposal

of the debtor’s property (including his business if any) as it thinks fit, and appoint a receiver or a manager, who may be the liabilities adjustment officer, of the whole or any part of the property;

(b) charge the whole or any part of the property of the

debtor in favour of the creditors;

(c) direct that the whole or any part of the property of

the debtor shall vest in a trustee, who may be the liabilities adjustment officer, upon such trusts for the benefit of the creditors as may be specified;

1941.

Liabilities (War-Titne

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

173

(d) require the debtor to pay money into court or deliver to an officer of the court any deeds or other documents or any property capable of manual delivery.

(4) Where a bankruptcy petition has been presented against the debtor and a receiving order has been made and the proceedings under the petition have not been stayed under subsection (5) of section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, or under this Part of this Act, the court shall not entertain an application under this section.

(5) Where any application is made under this section in respect of a debtor who has already availed himself of the services of a liabilities adjustment officer, it shall be the duty of that officer to submit a report to the court on the debtor’s affairs, and in any case the court may refer the debtor’s affairs to the liabilities adjustment officer for his investigation and report thereon, and the report of the liabilities adjustment officer shall contain a complete account of the debtor’s affairs and a schedule of his property, debts and liabilities and shall, if the adjustment and settlement of the debtor's affairs under this Part of this Act appears practicable to the officer, contain proposals therefor.

(6) Where, in the case of any debtor, the court is satisfied as to the matters specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section, and that the case is one with which it is practicable and proper to deal under* this Part of this Act, the court shall, if it has not already done so, make a protection order and shall also make an order, to be known as a " liabilities adjustment order", providing for the adjustment and settlement of the debtor’s affairs under this Part of this Act, and in any other case the court shall dismiss the application and, if a protection order has been made, shall revoke the order and give such directions with respect to anything done thereunder as it thinks necessary.

4. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section and to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the priority of debts, the court shall provide in a liabilities adjustment order for the payment of the debts proved in the proceedings, either in full or to such extent as the court considers practicable, and in such manner and at such times as may be specified, and for that purpose may provide for the realisation of the debtor's property existing at the date of the order or becoming available at any time before the order of discharge, other than property held by him on trust for any other person, and for the distribution of the proceeds thereof and of any other sums available for distribution, including such sums as the debtor may be required to pay out of his future income.

(2) A liabilities adjustment order shall, subject to any directions given by the court, be administered in such manner as may be

Part I.

—cont.

Main provisions of liabilities adjustment order.

174

Part I.

—cont.

Disclaimer of property and rescission of contracts.

Ch. 24. Liabilities"(War-Time 4 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

prescribed, and the rules may require the proceeds of the realisation of the debtor’s property and any other sums available for distribution to be paid into court or to the liabilities adjustment officer or to such other person as the court may direct.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, the court in settling the terms of a liabilities adjustment order, may provide or allow, to such extent and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit, for all or any of the following matters, that is to say:—

(a) for securing the maintenance of the debtor and his family;

(b) for excepting from the property to be realised any

premises which are used, or would but for war circumstances be used, as the home of the debtor, any furniture, bedding and clothing of the debtor and his family, and the tools (if any) of the debtor’s trade;

(c) in a case where the debtor carries on a business or intends,

when circumstances permit, to resume the carrying on of a business suspended owing to war circumstances—

(i) for excepting from the property to be realised the business, any premises used for the business, and such other property as in the opinion of the court is required for the purposes of the business;

(ii) for securing the repayment of, or the payment of interest on, any sums borrowed by the debtor with the consent of the court for the purposes of the business; and

(iii) for postponing the payment of the debts or any of them for such period as the court thinks fit;

so, however, that in exercising the powers aforesaid the court shall have regard to the prospects of the business and the likelihood of ultimate benefit to the creditors as well as to the debtor;

(d) in the case of any property which in the opinion of the'

court it would be unreasonable to realise immediately owing to its temporary depreciation in value or for any other sufficient cause, for postponing realisation for such period as the court thinks fit.

5. — (1) The court may provide in a liabilities adjustment order for the disclaimer of any such leases, contracts or other property as could, if the debtor were bankrupt, be disclaimed in bankruptcy, and any person injured as the result of any such disclaimer shall be deemed to be a creditor of the debtor to the extent of his injury and may accordingly prove therefor.

I941- Liabilities (War-Time Ch. 24.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

(2) The provisions of section fifty-four of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, relating to the effect of disclaimer and the vesting of disclaimed property, and the provisions of subsection (2) of section forty-two of the Land Registration. Act, 1925 (which provides for the alteration of the register in favour of a person in whom a lease is vested under the said section fifty-four) shall apply, subject to such adaptations, modifications and exceptions as may be prescribed, in relation to property disclaimed under this section.

(3) The court may, on the application of any person who has entered into a contract with the debtor, which is subsisting at the date of the protection order, by order rescind the contract on such terms as to payment by or to either party of damages for the non-performance of the contract, or otherwise, as the court thinks fit, and any such person may prove for any damages payable to him under the order.

6. — (1) Where at the date of the protection order the debtor Powers of is in possession of any premises held on a lease or tenancy, or is court with holding over any premises, after the determination of a lease or [^ses^and tenancy, by virtue of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions other Acts, 1920 to 1939, or the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 contracts, and 1940, and the court proposes to exercise its powers so as to allow the debtor to retain possession of the premises, the court may in the liabilities adjustment order provide that the rent shall, during the period for which the order is in force or any less period, be reduced,to such amount as the court thinks fit, which may, in the case of a dwelling-house to which the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939, apply, be less than the rent permitted under those Acts:

Provided that the rent shall not in any case be reduced unless, in the opinion of the court, the lettable value of the premises has fallen as the result of war circumstances, or to an amount less than the lettable value at the date of the liabilities adjustment order.

(2) For the purpose of determining under subsection (3)

of section nine of the War Damage Act, 1941, the value of the 4 & 5 Geo. 6. debtor’s interest in any premises to which the last foregoing c*12* subsection applies, any reduction of rent made under that subsection shall be disregarded.

(3) Where at the date of the protection order the debtor is in possession of any goods let under a hire-purchase agreement, and any part of the hire-purchase price remains unpaid, the court may provide in the liabilities adjustment order, if it thinks fit to do so having regard to the value of the goods at the date of the order and the amount already paid by the debtor in respect of the hire-purchase price, for the vesting of the goods in the debtor, either immediately or after the payment of such

175

Part I.

—cont.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

C. 2‘I.

176

Ch. 24.

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I. —cont.

Mortgagees.

further sums (not exceeding the balance of the hire-purchase price) as may be specified in the liabilities adjustment order, and the person who let the goods under the agreement shall be entitled to prove for the balance of the hire-purchase price less any sums required to be paid as aforesaid, but shall not have any other remedy against the debtor or the goods:

Provided that the court shall not provide for the vesting of any goods under this subsection before the debtor has paid in respect of the hire-purchase price sums amounting at least to the value of the goods at the date of the liabilities adjustment order.

(4) Where it appears to the court that it would be in the interests of all parties under a contract (other than a lease or a hire purchase agreement), which could be disclaimed under the last foregoing section that the contract should continue in effect in a varied form rather than be disclaimed, the court may in the liabilities adjustment order vary the contract accordingly:

Provided that no contract shall be varied under this subsection so as to be inconsistent with the requirements of any enactment or any rule or regulation made under any enactment.

7. — (1) Any mortgagee—

(a) may, if he is entitled and permitted by the court to do

so, realise his security, and, if the sum realised is less than the amount secured, may prove for the balance;

(b) if he does not realise his security, may surrender it and

prove for the whole amount secured;

(c) if he does not realise or surrender his security, may

cause it to be valued and, if the value is less than the amount secured, may prove for the balance.

(2) Where a security is valued and the value is less than the amount secured, the security shall be deemed only to secure a debt of that value, and the instrument creating the mortgage shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that the court may allow the valuation to be amended at any time during which the security is not permitted to be realised, and, if the security is realised, the value thereof shall be deemed to be the net amount realised, and such adjustments as may be necessary with respect to any amounts paid or to be paid by way of dividend in respect of any balance of the debt for which the creditor has proved shall be made in accordance with rules made under this Part of this Act, but any liability for interest in respect of any period prior to the amendment of the valuation, or the realisation, of the security shall not be affected.

(3) If and so long as any mortgagee is not permitted to realise his security and does not surrender his security, the

1941. Liabilities (War-Time Ch. 24.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

debtor shall, subject to the last foregoing subsection and the following provisions of this subsection, remain personally liable to pay interest and to repay the amount secured by the mortgage in accordance with the instrument creating the mortgage:

Provided that the court may direct in the liabilities adjustment order that—

(a) interest in respect of the period for which the order is in force or any less period shall be payable at such reduced rate as may be specified in the order;

(b) during the period for which the order is in force or any

less period no payments shall be made in respect of the amount secured by the mortgage or payments shall only be made in such manner and at such times as may be specified in the order; and the instrument creating the mortgage shall have effect subject to the provisions of the order.

(4) The court shall not reduce the rate of interest under the last foregoing subsection, unless the annual amount payable by way of interest at the existing rate exceeds the net annual value of the mortgaged property at the date of the order and any such reduction of the rate of interest shall be limited to the extent of that excess.

(5) Where, in the case of any mortgaged property of the debtor, the amount secured, together with interest thereon, is repayable by instalments, the court may direct that any provision in the instrument creating the mortgage to the effect that, on a default in the payment of any such instalment, the whole amount of that and of any future instalments shall immediately become due and charged on the property, shall not have effect in so far as it relates to so much of those future instalments as consists of interest.

(6) Where the instrument creating any mortgage is varied by or under this section, the court may make such consequential amendments and adjustments of that instrument as it considers necessary.

8. — (1) Where the court exercises its powers so as to allow the debtor to remain in possession of any property, or postpones the realisation of any property, it shall make provision in the liabilities adjustment order for securing the payment of any sums payable by the debtor in respect of the property after the date of the protection order, subject to any variation of any lease, contract or mortgage affecting the property made by or under this Part of this Act, and in particular for securing—

(a) the payment of rent, rates and taxes;

(b) the payment of mortgage interest and any sums payable

in respect of the amount secured by a mortgage;

(c) in a case where the property is an insurance policy,

the payment of premiums on the policy.

M

177

Part I.

—cont.

Provision for securing payment of sums in respect of property or under contracts retained or adopted by the debtor.

178

Part I.

—cont.

Priority of debts.

Ch. 24. Liabilities (War-Time 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

(2) Where the court provides for the vesting in the debtor of any goods let under a hire-purchase agreement after the payment of such sums as may be specified in the liabilities adjustment order, the order shall make provision for securing the payment of those sums.

(3) Where the debtor remains bound by a contract entered into before the date of the protection order, the court shall make provision in the liabilities adjustment order for securing the performance by the debtor of his obligations under the contract, subject to any variation of the contract made by the court.

(4) Without prejudice to the power of the court to give directions as to the management and disposal of the debtor’s property, where any lease, mortgage or contract is varied by or under any provision of this Part of this Act, the interest of the debtor in the lease or contract or, as the case may be, in the mortgaged property shall not be assignable by him except with the consent of the court and upon such conditions as it may impose.

9. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a liabilities adjustment order shall secure that any sums available from time to time for the satisfaction of the proved debts of the debtor shall be expended—

(a) first, in the payment of the debts which would

have been entitled to be paid in priority under subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, if a receiving order had been made against the debtor at the date of the protection order;

(b) secondly, after the payment in full of the debts mentioned

in the foregoing paragraph, in the payment of the other proved debts.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided and to any rules made under this Part of this Act, all debts falling within either of the classes specified in the last foregoing subsection shall rank equally between themselves:

Provided that, if the liabilities adjustment order provides for the postponement of the realisation or distribution of a substantial part of the debtor’s property, and the court considers that, in the case of any debt or debts falling within paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, delay in payment would cause exceptional hardship, the order may provide for the payment of that debt or those debts in priority to other debts falling within the said paragraph (b).

(3) Where it appears to the court that a debtor is in a position not only to pay the proved debts in full, but also interest thereon from the date of the protection order, the liabilities adjustment order may provide for the payment of such interest at such rate, not exceeding three per cent, per annum, as may be specified in the order.

1941.

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

179

(4) The payment of debts in accordance with this section shall be subject to any provision made by the court in the liabilities adjustment order—

(a) for the maintenance of the debtor and his family;

(b) for the payment of any sums payable after the date of the

protection order, payment of which the court is required to secure under the last foregoing section or is authorised to secure under any other provision of this Part of this Act; or

(c) for the payment of the costs of the liabilities adjustment

proceedings, including the costs of administering the liabilities adjustment order, so far as those costs are payable by the debtor.

10. — (1) The court may provide for the adjustment and settlement of a debtor's affairs by means of a single liabilities adjustment order, or, if that is not practicable, may make an interim order or interim orders providing for any of the matters for which provision may be made by a liabilities adjustment order, and accordingly references in this Part of this Act to a liabilities adjustment order shall include references to any such interim order.

(2) Any liabilities adjustment order or protection order may, on the application of the debtor or of any creditor whose debt has been proved or of the liabilities adjustment officer, be varied by a subsequent order, and, in particular, where a liabilities adjustment order reduces the rent of any premises or the rate of mortgage interest payable in respect of any mortgaged property, an application for the variation of the order may be made on the ground that the lettable value of the premises or, as the case may be, the net annual value of the mortgaged property has altered since the date of the order.

(3) Any creditor whose debt has been proved or the liabilities adjustment officer may apply to the court to revoke a liabilities adjustment order on the ground that—

(a) the debtor has failed to comply with the order;

(b) the debtor is guilty of any act or omission which would

constitute an offence under this Part of this Act, or has carried out any transaction which would be treated as a fraudulent preference in bankruptcy or would be void against the trustee in bankruptcy, or has in any other respect failed to act in complete good faith towards his creditors; or

(c) that the case, owing to its complexity or for any other reason, is not a practicable case to be dealt with under this Part of this Act;

and the court, if satisfied as to the ground alleged, may revoke the liabilities adjustment order and the protection order, and

Part I.

—cont.

Interim orders, variation and revocation of orders, &c.

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

180

Ch. 24.

Part I. —coni.

References to liabilities adjustment officers.

Order of discharge.

may direct that any variation of any lease, contract or mortgage made by or under this Part of this Act shall be deemed never to have had effect or to have ceased to have effect at such date prior to the revocation as it may specify and may make such consequential amendments and adjustments of any such lease, contract or mortgage as the court considers necessary and may give such directions with respect to anything done under the order as it thinks necessary.

(4) Where the court has revoked a liabilities adjustment order, it may direct that subsection (5) of section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939 (which relates to the stay of bankruptcy proceedings) shall not apply to the debtor.

(5) No application for a liabilities adjustment order shall be withdrawn without the leave of the court.

11. — (1) The court may at any time refer to the liabilities adjustment officer any question arising in the course of liabilities adjustment proceedings for his investigation and report thereon.

(2) Where any reference is made to the liabilities adjustment officer under this section or under section three of this Act, the debtor shall give to that officer such information, produce to him such documents and attend such meetings, as he may reasonably require, and shall afford to him all possible assistance; and if the debtor wilfully fails to carry out his duties under this subsection, he shall be guilty of a contempt of court in like manner as if he disobeyed an order of the court and may be punished accordingly.

12. — (1) Where the debtor has paid, either in full or to such extent as the liabilities adjustment order may specify, the proved debts and any costs of the proceedings payable by him and has otherwise complied with the order, the court shall on his application make an order of discharge, and he shall thereupon, subject to the next following subsection, be released from all debts provable in the proceedings, except those from which a bankrupt would not, by virtue of section twenty-eight of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, be released by an order of discharge under that Act, and the liabilities adjustment order and the protection order shall cease to have effect.

(2) Where, at the date of an application for an order of discharge, the debtor still retains possession by virtue of the exercise of the powers of the court of any property held on a lease or subject to a mortgage, or is still liable in respect of any loan or other contract the repayment or performance of which is provided for in the liabilities adjustment order, the court may nevertheless make an order of discharge and—

(a) may direct that the liabilities adjustment order and the protection order shall continue in force so far as relates to the lease, mortgage or contract;

1941.

Liabilities (

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

181

(6) if the court does not give such a direction or subsequently Part I.

revokes such a direction, tl^e debtor shall remain liable, —cont.

notwithstanding the discharge, under the lease, mortgage or contract, and any temporary variation of the terms thereof made by the liabilities adjustment order shall thereafter cease to have effect, and the court shall make such final adjustment of any such lease, mortgage or contract as may be necessary to secure its due operation in the future.

13. — (1) Where any debtor, in whose case liabilities adjustment Power to proceedings have been commenced, dies before the conclusion of the proceedings, the court may, subject to the provisions of proceedings this section, continue the proceedings in relation to the estate in relation of the debtor: to estate

Provided that, if the court is satisfied that any benefit thereby debtorT8^ accruing to persons interested in the estate will accrue wholly or mainly to persons other than members of the debtor’s family as defined in this section, it shall discontinue the proceedings.

(2) Where the court continues any such proceedings in relation to the estate of any debtor, this Part of this Act and any protection order or liabilities adjustment order already made with respect to that debtor shall have effect as if for the references to the debtor there were substituted, where the context requires, references to his personal representative or to the members of the debtor’s family for whose benefit the proceedings are being continued, and as if for the references to the debtor’s property there were substituted references to his estate, and with such other adaptations and modifications as may be necessary.

(3) The law relating to the administration of the estates of deceased persons shall, in the case of an estate in relation to which proceedings are continued under this section, have effect subject to the following provisions :—

(a) if the estate is insolvent, subsection (1) of section

thirty-four of the Administration of Estates Act, 1925 15 & 16 Geo. 5. and Part I of the First Schedule to that Act, so far as c 23. they provide for the administration of insolvent estates according to the law of bankruptcy, shall not apply;

(b) if the estate is solvent, the court may vary the order in

which, by virtue of subsection (3) of section thirty-four of the said Act and Part II of the First Schedule to the said Act or by virtue of the will of the debtor the property of the deceased is to be applied towards the discharge of funeral, testamentary and administration expenses, and of debts and liabilities;

(c) the court may give such directions with respect to the exercise of the rights and powers of the personal

182

Part I.

—count.

9 & io Vict, c. 93.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 41.

Ch. 24. Liabilities (War-Time 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

representative (including his powers as trustee for sale of any property comprised in the estate) as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to the liabilities adjustment order and, in particular, may postpone the vesting or conveyance, or the distribution, of any part of the estate until the end of the liabilities adjustment proceedings;

(d) in a case where under the liabilities adjustment order the debts and liabilities of the estate are not required to be paid in full, the order may direct that any pecuniary legacies payable to persons other than the members of the debtor's family aforesaid, shall only be paid to such extent as may be specified in the order:

Provided that the court shall not exercise its powers under paragraph (b) or paragraph (d) of this subsection unless it is satisfied that the persons affected thereby will not be in a worse position than they would have been if the liabilities adjustment proceedings had been determined on the death of the debtor.

(4) In any case where the court does not, on the death of a debtor, continue the liabilities adjustment proceedings, or discontinues any such proceedings under the proviso to subsection (1) of this section,—

(a) it shall revoke any protection order and liabilities

adjustment order made with respect to him and may direct that any variation of any lease, contract or mortgage majie by or under this Part of this Act shall be deemed never to have had effect or to have ceased to have effect at such date prior to the revocation as it may specify and may make such consequential amendments and adjustments of any such lease, contract or mortgage as the court thinks necessary, and may give such directions with respect to anything done under the order as it thinks necessary;

(b) the estate of the debtor shall thereafter be administered

as if this Act had not passed, except that the court shall have jurisdiction in respect of any proceedings for the administration of the estate, whether or not such proceedings would otherwise have been within its jurisdiction.

(5) In this section the expression " member of the debtor’s family" means any of the following persons who was, at the date of the debtor’s death, wholly or mainly maintained by him, that is to say, the wife or husband of the debtor, or any parent or child of the debtor as defined by section five of the Fatal Accidents Act, 1846, and extended by section two of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934.

1941*

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

183

Application to Partnerships and Companies.

Part I.

--COflt•

14. — (1) Where the debtor is carrying on business in partnership Provisions as with others, and no application is made under subsection (5) of to partnership, this section in respect of the firm, the court may, if it considers that it is in the interest of the debtor and the creditors to do so, allow the debtor to remain a partner in the business, and exclude from the property to be realised under the liabilities adjustment order any of the debtor’s property which in the opinion of the court is required for the purposes of the business; and in that case the liabilities of the firm and any liabilities of the debtor arising out of the contract of partnership shall not be provable debts, and the court shall, in settling the terms of the liabilities adjustment order, have regard to the requirements of the debtor as a member of the firm.

(2) The powers of the court under the last foregoing subsection shall be subject to any term of the contract of partnership providing for the dissolution thereof or the vesting of the debtor's share in the other partners, but nothing done or suffered by the debtor under, or for the purpose of taking advantage of, any provision of this Part of this Act shall be a ground for an application to any court for dissolution of the partnership.

(3) If, in any case to which subsection (1) of this section applies, the court does not exercise its powers under that subsection, and the contract of partnership does not provide for the dissolution of the partnership or the vesting of the debtor’s share in the other partners, the court shall provide in the liabilities adjustment order for the dissolution and winding up of the partnership or for the vesting of the debtor’s share in the other partners, on such terms as seem just, and may give such directions as it considers necessary or expedient for that purpose.

(4) Whether or not the partnership is dissolved, the court may give to the debtor such directions as it thinks fit as to the exercise of his rights under the contract of partnership, or may appoint any person to exercise those rights on his behalf:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise any interference with the conduct of the partnership business or be taken as effecting the terms of the contract of partnership.

(5) Where any persons are carrying on business in partnership and—

(a) both the firm and all the partners are unable to pay their accrued debts or will be unable, after payment of their accrued debts (if any), to meet, as they fall due, any future liabilities in respect of obligations already incurred, or are in such a position that, if they were required to pay their accrued debts and to meet any

184

Part I.

—cont.

Provisions as to companies.

19 & 20 Geo. 5 c. 23.

Ch. 24. Liabilities (War-Time 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

such future liabilities as they fell due, they would have no reasonable prospect of preserving or recovering the business of the firm or, in the case of the partners, would otherwise lose their means of livelihood; and

(6) the position of the firm is due to war circumstances;

an application may be made for the adjustment and settlement of the affairs of the firm under this Part of this Act, and any such application shall be taken as an application for the making of a separate liabilities adjustment order in relation to the firm and to each partner therein, and the references in subsection (1) of section three of this Act to the debtor shall be construed as references to the firm or any of the partners, and the references in that subsection and in section ten of this Act to creditors shall be construed as including references to creditors of the firm or of any of the partners.

(6) Where liabilities adjustment proceedings are brought in respect of a firm, the provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, relating to the manner in which the joint and separate debts and estates of partners are to be dealt with shall apply for the purposes of those proceedings, subject to such adaptations, modifications and exceptions as may be prescribed.

(7) Where the court does not exercise, in relation to a firm, its powers under this Part of this Act for the purpose of enabling the business of the firm to be carried on or resumed, it shall provide in the liabilities adjustment order for the dissolution and winding up of the partnership, and may give such directions as it considers necessary or expedient for that purpose.

(8) If on an application in respect of a firm it appears to the court that a liabilities adjustment order cannot or ought not to be made in relation to any partner, and that it is in the interest of the other partners that an order should be made in respect of the firm, the court may order that the share of that partner in the firm shall vest in the other partners on such terms as seem just, and this section shall have effect accordingly and, if there is only one other partner, the application shall be treated as an application in respect of that other partner in his own name.

(9) A scheme of arrangement with respect to the affairs of a firm may, with the assent of all the partners, be approved under this Part of this Act, but no scheme of arrangement with respect to the affairs of an individual partner in a firm shall, while the firm continues in existence and he remains a partner therein, deal with the liabilities of the firm or any liabilities of the partner arising out of the contract of partnership.

15. — (1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply, subject to the provisions of this section, to private companies within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1929, but shall not apply to any other body corporate.

I941- Liabilities (War-Time Ch. 24.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

(2) An application shall not be made by a company for the adjustment and settlement of the company’s affairs under this Part of this Act unless a special resolution within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1929, has been passed by the company resolving that the application be made.

(3) No application for the adjustment and settlement of a company’s affairs under this Part of this Act shall be entertained unless the court is satisfied that the principal object of the company is to carry dn a business for profit, and that the object of the application is to enable the company to carry on or recover that business; and the court shall, in considering whether it is practicable and proper to deal with the affairs of a company under this Part of this Act, have regard to the constitution and history of the company and the means of the members and officers thereof.

(4) A liabilities adjustment order made in the case of the company may, in addition to any of the other matters mentioned in this Part of this Act, provide for the making of calls upon the contributories of the company.

(5) Rules made under this Part of this Act may make provision as to the manner in which any floating charge on the undertaking or property of a company is to operate in a case where liabilities adjustment proceedings are brought in respect of the affairs of the company, and may make such adaptations and modifications of, and such exceptions from, the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to mortgagees, in their application to the holders of debentures whose rights are secured by a floating charge, as may be necessary.

(6) In relation to a company, this Part of this Act shall have effect as if—

(a) the references to bankruptcy or bankruptcy proceedings

or a bankruptcy petition were references to the winding up of the company or, as the case may be, a winding-up petition;

(b) the references to subsection (1) of section thirty-three of

the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, were references to subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section two hundred and sixty-four of the Companies Act, 1929;

(c) the reference to section fifty-four of the Bankruptcy Act,

1914, were a reference to section two hundred and sixty-seven of the Companies Act, 1929;

(d) the references to a receiving order were references to an

order for the compulsory winding up of the company which had not previously commenced to be wound up voluntarily;

185

Part I.

—cont.

i86

Ch. 24.

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Rules.

(e) the references to the debtor in subsection (3) of section ten and subsection (2) of section eleven of this Act included references to the officers of the company, and as if the first reference to a debtor in section nineteen of this Act were construed as a reference to any officer of the company.

(7) The reference in section twelve of this Act to section twenty-eight of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, shall have effect, in relation to a company, as if the company were an individual.

(8) No scheme of arrangement of a company’s affairs shall be approved under this Part of this Act unless the company have assented to the scheme by a special resolution.

Supplementary.

16. — (1) The Lord Chancellor may make general rules for carrying into effect the objects of this Part of this Act:

Provided that the said rules shall not extend the jurisdiction of the court.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, the rules—

(a) shall provide for the giving of notice of liabilities adjustment proceedings and of meetings held by liabilities adjustment officers, and of proposals for schemes of arrangement under this Part of this Act;

(b) shall provide for the proof of debts, both for the purposes

of any liabilities adjustment proceedings and for the purposes of any scheme of arrangement under this Part of this Act, and may allow any creditor whose debt is overdue at the date of the protection order or, as the case may be, at the date of the approval of the scheme, to prove for interest up to the said date at the rate agreed or, if no rate has been agreed, at such rate not exceeding three per cent, per annum as may be prescribed;

(c) shall prescribe the method of valuing securities, debts and liabilities, and in particular future and contingent liabilities;

(d) may prescribe the fees to be paid in respect of the services

of liabilities adjustment officers;

(e) may apply, subject to such adaptations, modifications

and exceptions as may be necessary, any provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, relating to the proof of debts, mutual credit or set off, execution and attachment, the postponement of husbands' or wives’ claims and claims under covenants and contracts made

1941- Liabilities (War-Time Ch. 24.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

in consideration of marriage, and, in relation to a company, any corresponding provisions of Part V of the Companies Act, 1929, and the provisions of paragraph (5) of subsection (4) of section two hundred and sixty-four of that Act, and may also apply, subject as aforesaid, section three of the Partnership Act, 1890.

(3) Rules made under this section shall as soon as may be after they are made be laid before Parliament, but section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to rules so made.

17. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to partnership, all debts and liabilities of the debtor which would be provable in bankruptcy if a receiving order had been made at the material date shall be provable debts for the purposes of this Part of this Act, together with any other liabilities included as provable debts by any provision of or rule made under this Part of this Act; and the expression " provable debt " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection,the material date

(a) in relation to any liabilities adjustment proceedings,

shall be the date of the protection order;

(b) in relation to any scheme of arrangement, or negotiations

for such a scheme, shall be such date as may be notified by the liabilities adjustment officer in the prescribed manner.

(3) Nothing in Regulation four of the Defence (Evacuated Areas) Regulations, 1940, shall be taken to prevent any of the sums mentioned in that Regulation being dealt with in a liabilities adjustment order or scheme of arrangement approved under this Part of this Act, and being proved and discharged in liabilities adjustment proceedings or under any such scheme.

18. — (1) Where a liabilities adjustment order varies under section six or section seven of this Act the terms of any lease or mortgage, the liabilities of any other person under that lease or mortgage, whether as a person jointly bound with the debtor, or as a surety for him, shall be correspondingly varied.

(2) Save as aforesaid, the making of a liabilities adjustment order or the approving of a scheme of arrangement under this Part of this Act shall not affect the liabilities of any person who is a surety or in the nature of a surety for the debtor or is jointly bound with him, nor shall an order of discharge release any such person from those liabilities.

187

Part I.

—cont.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 39.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

Provable

debts.

Effect of liabilities adjustment proceedings or scheme of arrangement on persons liable jointly or as sureties.

i88

Part I. —cont. Offences*

Provisions as to courts.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

Savings.

Ch. 24. Liabilities (War-Time 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act 1941.

19. If any debtor—

(a) knowingly makes any false statement, or omits to state

any material fact, for the purpose of securing the assent of the creditors to a scheme of arrangement under this Part of this Act or the exercise in favour of the debtor of any power of the court or of a liabilities adjustment officer under this Part of this Act; or

(b) after the approval of a scheme of arrangement or the

making of a protection order under this Part of this Act in relation to the debtor, fraudulently conceals, removes or disposes of any part of the debtor's property;

he shall be liable, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

20. — (1) Subject to the provisions of section one hundred and eleven of the County Courts Act, 1934 (which provides for the removal into the High Court of any proceedings commenced in a county court), the jurisdiction of the court under this Part of this Act shall be exercised by a county court:

Provided that, in a case where the debtor is a company, the said jurisdiction shall be exercised by such court or courts as would have jurisdiction to wind up the company.

(2) The court shall have full power to decide all questions whatsoever, whether of law or fact, which may arise in the course of any liabilities adjustment proceedings and which the court may deem it expedient or necessary to decide for the purpose of making or varying the liabilities adjustment order.

(3) Any court before which are pending any proceedings in respect of a debt or liability which would be a debt provable in liabilities adjustment proceedings, may stay the proceedings—

(a) on the ground that the debtor or defendant is availing

himself of the services of a liabilities adjustment officer with a view to arriving at a scheme of arrangement with his creditors; or

(b) for the purpose of enabling the debtor or defendant to

avail himself of the services of a liabilities adjustment officer or to make an application to the court for the adjustment and settlement of his affairs under this Part of this Act.

(4) When any proceedings pending in the High Court are stayed by virtue of a protection order, the High Court may direct that the proceedings shall be transferred to the court which made the order.

21. — (1) Nothing done or suffered by any person under, or for the purpose of taking advantage of, any provisions of this

1941.

Liabilities (

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

189

Part of this Act shall be deemed to be an act of bankruptcy, and nothing so done or suffered shall disqualify any person from any office for which he would be disqualified under any enactment (including an enactment in a local Act) by bankruptcy or by entering into any composition or arrangement with his creditors.

(2) Where any protection order or scheme of arrangement is revoked under this Part of this Act, the period between the making of the protection order or, as the case may be, the approving of the scheme of arrangement, and the revocation of the order or scheme shall, for the purposes of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, Part V of the Companies Act, 1929, any enactment relating to the limitation of actions and any other enactment whereby any liability of the debtor may be affected by the passage of time, be disregarded.

22. Where a protection order is made, or a scheme of arrangement is approved, under this Part of this Act—

(a) every deed, conveyance, assignment or other instrument relating solely to property which was the property of the debtor at the date of the protection order or of the approval of the scheme and which, after the execution of the instrument, is or remains his property or the property of a trustee appointed under the order or for the purposes of the scheme;

(b) every power of attorney, proxy paper, writ, order,

certificate, affidavit, bond or other instrument required for the purposes of the liabilities adjustment proceedings or the scheme of arrangement;

shall be exempt from stamp duties, except in respect of fees chargeable under this Act.

23. This Part of this Act shall, subject to any exceptions or modifications provided for therein, apply in relation to debts and liabilities due to or incurred towards the Crown, property in which the Crown has an interest, leases, mortgages and contracts entered into with the Crown, proceedings by the Crown, and the exercise of remedies by the Crown, in like manner as in the case of subjects:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be taken as affecting the prosecution of any criminal proceedings.

24. — (1) This Part of this Act shall only apply in a case where, at the date when liabilities adjustment proceedings are commenced, or, as the case may be, the services of a liabilities adjustment officer are sought, the debtor—

(a) if an individual, ordinarily resides in England, or carries

on business in England, or is a member of a firm which carries on business in England; or

(b) if a firm or a company, carries on business in England.

Part I.

—cont.

Exemption from stamp duties.

Application to the Crown.

Extent of Part I.

190

Part I. —con.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c 113.

Provision as to Northern Ireland.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Ch. 24. Liabilities (War-Time 4 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

For the purposes of this subsection—

(i) where the principal place of business of the debtor (whether

an individual, firm or company) is in Scotland or Northern Ireland, the debtor shall not be deemed to be carrying on business in England;

(ii) any debtor who, by reason only of war circumstances, ceased ordinarily to reside in England before the said date, or suspended the carrying on of a business previously carried on in England, shall be deemed still ordinarily to reside, or* as the case may be, to carry on business, in England at the said date.

(2) This Part of this Act shall apply to any property of a debtor, whether situated in England or elsewhere, and to any contracts, debts and liabilities of a debtor, whether made or incurred in England or elsewhere:

Provided that the powers conferred on a court by section six and section seven of this Act to vary the terms of leases, mortgages and other contracts shall only be exercised in relation to property in England and contracts governed by the law of England.

(3) A scheme of arrangement approved under this Part of this Act, and any protection order, liabilities adjustment order and order of discharge made under this Part of this Act, and anything done in pursuance of any such scheme or order, shall be as valid and effective in Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man as it is in England; and the power exercisable by any court under section twenty of this Act to stay proceedings shall be exercisable by courts in Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man and shall have effect, in relation to Scottish courts, as if for the expression " stay " there were substituted the expression " sist".

(4) Any reference to section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, and to subsection (5) of that section shall respectively include a reference to section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1939, and to subsection (4) of that section and any reference to a bankruptcy petition shall include a reference to a petition for sequestration.

(5) Any reference in this Part of this Act to any Regulation of the Defence (Evacuated Areas) Regulations, 1940, shall include a reference to that Regulation as extended to Northern Ireland.

(6) Subject to the provisions of this section, this Part of this Act shall only extend to England.

25. Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have power to make laws, in relation to persons ordinarily resident or carrying on business in Northern Ireland, for purposes similar to the purposes of this Part of this Act.

1941.

Liabilities (War-Time

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

191

Part II.

Extension of certain Enactments to Contracts made after Commencement of War.

26. — (1) Where any judgment or order has been given or made by any court, whether before or after the passing of this Act,—

(a) for the recovery of a debt which has become due by virtue of a contract made after the commencement of the principal Act; or

(b) for the recovery of possession of land in default of payment of rent, or for the recovery of possession of land other than a dwelling-house by a mortgagee thereof by reason of a default in the payment of money, being land held on a lease or tenancy, or subject to a mortgage, entered into after the commencement of the principal Act: or

Extension of Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 and 1940, to contracts made after the commencement of war.

(c) for the delivery of any property other than land by reason of a default under any contract made after the commencement of the principal Act in the payment of money;

then, if the defendant satisfies the appropriate court that he is unable immediately to satisfy the judgment or order, or to pay the rent or money, by reason of circumstances directly or indirectly attributable to any war in which His Majesty may be engaged, being circumstances which arose after the contract, lease, tenancy or mortgage was made or entered into, the appropriate court may direct that the principal Act shall have effect as if the contract, lease, tenancy or mortgage had been made or entered into before the commencement of that Act, and the powers of the court shall thereupon be exercisable as if an application for leave to execute the judgment or order had been made under that Act.

(2) A person shall not be entitled, except with the leave of the appropriate court—

(a) to exercise or take any of the remedies or proceedings

mentioned in subsection (2) of section one of the principal Act, other than those mentioned in paragraph (c) and paragraph (d) of the proviso to that subsection, which are available to him in consequence of any default in the payment of a debt or the performance of an obligation, being a debt or obligation arising by virtue of a contract made after the commencement of the principal Act; or

(b) to proceed to execution on, or otherwise to the enforce-

ment of, any judgment or order of any court (whether

192

Part II.

—cont.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 37.

Extension of Possession of Mortgaged Land

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, to mortgages made after commencement of war.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 108.

Ch. 24. Liabilities (War-Time 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

given or made before or after the passing of this Act) for the recovery of possession of a dwelling-house subject to a mortgage entered into after the commencement of the principal Act by the mortgagee thereof by reason of a default in the payment of money;

and if the appropriate court is satisfied that the person liable to pay the debt or money or perform the obligation is unable ijnmediately to do so by reason of such circumstances as aforesaid, it may refuse leave for the exercise or taking of the remedy or proceedings or for the enforcement of the judgment or order, as the case may be, or give leave therefor subject to such restrictions and conditions as it thinks proper, and section three of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Amendment Act, 1940, shall apply in relation to an application for leave under this subsection by the mortgagee of a dwelling-house.

(3) In this section the expression " the principal Act" means the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939.

(4) This section shall be construed as one with the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 and 1940, and this section and those Acts may be cited together as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941.

27. — (1) The Possession of Mortgaged Land (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, have effect as if the words in subsection (1) of section one " made before the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine " were omitted therefrom.

(2) The said Act, as extended by this section, shall not apply where the mortgagee has obtained possession of the land before the passing of this Act, but, save as aforesaid, shall apply in relation to proceedings commenced before the passing of this Act as well as in relation to proceedings commenced thereafter; and where an order or judgment for the recovery or delivery of possession of land by a mortgagee thereof has been made or given before the passing of this Act, and the defendant satisfies the court that at the date of the order or judgment there was a default in the payment of the mortgage money or of any part thereof or of any interest thereon, the order or judgment shall be deemed to have been made or given by reason of that default:

Provided that the court by which any such order or judgment was made or given may, on the application of any party to the proceedings, rescind or vary it in such manner as appears to be just in view of the provisions of this section.

1941.

Liabilities (

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 24.

193

Part III.

Interpretation, Title and Operation.

28. — (1) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires Interpretation, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

" business " includes trade or profession, and also includes, as the context may require, the goodwill acquired by a person engaged in a trade or profession;

" the court" means a court exercising jurisdiction under Part I of this Act;

" the debtor " means, in relation to any scheme of arrangement or liabilities adjustment proceedings, the person to whose affairs the scheme or proceedings relate;

" hire-purchase agreement" means any agreement defined as a hire-purchase agreement by section twenty-one of the Hire Purchase Act, 1938, and also includes Geo. 6. any agreement for the sale of goods under which the c- 53-price is payable by instalments and the property in the goods remains in the seller, notwithstanding that the buyer is in possession of the goods, until such conditions as to the payment of instalments or otherwise as may be specified in the agreement are fulfilled; and any reference, in relation to a debtor, to goods let under a hire-purchase agreement shall be construed as meaning any goods delivered to the debtor under a hire-purchase agreement and in his possession, being goods the property in which remains in the seller or letter thereof;

" hire-purchase price" means the total sum payable by the hirer or buyer under a hire-purchase agreement in order to complete the purchase of goods to which the agreement relates, exclusive of any sum payable as a penalty or as compensation or damages for a breach of the agreement;

" lettable value " means, in relation to any premises, the rent at which, in the opinion of the court, the premises might reasonably be expected to let from year to year upon the same terms and conditions (other than the period of the lease or tenancy) as those of the existing lease or tenancy, or, in the case of premises which the tenant is holding over, upon the same terms and conditions as those upon which he is holding over the premises;

" liabilities adjustment proceedings" means proceedings for the adjustment and settlement of a debtor’s affairs under Part I of this Act;

N

194

Ch. 24, 25.

Liabilities (

Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

Short title and commencement.

Relief from rates in respect of war damage.

" mortgagee" means a person holding a mortgage, charge or lien on the property of the debtor, or any part thereof, as a security for a provable debt due to him from the debtor, and " mortgage " shall be construed accordingly;

44 net annual value/' in relation to any mortgaged property, means the net annual profits which, in the opinion of the court, the property could reasonably be expected to produce;

" prescribed" means prescribed by rules made under Part I of this Act;

" proceedings " includes the issue of execution;

" war circumstances" means circumstances directly or indirectly attributable to any war in which His Majesty may be engaged.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

29. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941.

(2) Part I of this Act shall come into operation on the first day of July nineteen hundred and forty-one, and shall expire upon the same date as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939:

Provided that Part I of this Act shall remain in force in relation to any liabilities adjustment proceedings commenced, or any scheme of arrangement approved, before the said date.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to enable rating authorities in Scotland to grant relief from rates in respect of lands and heritages suffering war damage.

[12th June 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where a rating authority in Scotland are satisfied that any lands and heritages in their area have, whether before or after the passing of this Act, become, by the occurrence of war damage thereto, wholly or to a substantial extent incapable of beneficial occupation, the authority may grant to any person relief from such proportion of the rates in respect of the lands and heritages

1941. Rating ( War Damage) Ch. 25,26. 195

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

as they, having regard to the extent to which and the period during which those lands and heritages have been or are likely to be so incapable, may think just and equitable, and may grant such relief either by reduction of assessment or by repayment of rates already paid.

2. — (1) In this Act the expression " rating authority" means a Interpretation county or a town council or other body empowered by any and citation, enactment to levy a rate; and the expression " war damage " has the like meaning as in the War Damage Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Rating (War Damage) (Scot- c* I2* land) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two.

[2nd July 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled; towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund issue of of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the £it^t°h"cS£ supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fIc\hM^e1ndian* forty-two, the sum of one thousand million pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England the Treasury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the to borrow* credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of

196

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

[Short title.]

Establishment

of

supplemental list and limitation of powers and duties of justices entered thereon.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 24

Ch. 26, 27. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to provide for the establishment of supplemental lists of justices of the peace and for limiting the powers and duties of justices whose names are entered in such lists.

[2nd July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The Lord Chancellor may make rules directing that in connection with any commission of the peace issued by His Majesty there shall be kept a list to be called " the supplemental list", and those rules shall make provision for the entry in such lists of the names of justices who apply to have their names entered therein, and for the removal of names from such lists. 2 *

(2) A justice of the peace whose name is for the time being entered in the supplemental list kept in connection with any commission of the peace shall not be qualified to sit as a member of any court of quarter sessions or court of summary jurisdiction or as a licensing justice or as a member of any confirming authority or compensation authority under the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910:

Provided that a justice whose name is so entered shall not be disqualified from taking part in any business of a court of

1941.

Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941.

Ch. 27.

197

quarter sessions relating oiily to the appointment of committees or other like administrative matters, or from sitting as a member of such a court while such business is being transacted.

(3) If the Lord Chancellor is satisfied, with respect to any justice named in a commission of the peace, that it is, by reason of his age or infirmity or other like cause, expedient that he should cease to exercise judicial functions, the Lord Chancellor may direct that the name of that justice shall be entered in the supplemental list kept in connection with that commission of the peace.

(4) The rules made under this Act may provide that if, with respect to any commission of the peace, it appears to the Lord Chancellor that those of the justices named therein who are to be subject to the disqualifications specified in subsection (2) of this section can be more conveniently designated in some manner other than the entry of their names in the supplemental list, they may be designated in such other manner as may be prescribed by the rules, and, where such provision is made, the rules shall provide for the application of this Act, with the necessary adaptations, to the designation of such justices, and to justices so designated, in like manner in all respects as it applies to the entry of the names of justices in supplemental lists, and to justices whose names are entered in such lists.

(5) In this Act—

(a) the expression " court of quarter sessions " includes any committee by which the powers and duties of such a court are exercisable by virtue of any Act; and

(b) the expression " court of summary jurisdiction " means

a court consisting of any justice or justices of the peace sitting in his or their capacity as such, not being a court of quarter sessions.

2. This Act shall, in its application to the Duchy of Lancaster, have effect as if for references to the Lord Chancellor there were therein substituted references to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.

3. In the application of this Act to Scotland, for any reference to a licensing justice there shall be substituted a reference to a member of licensing court or court of appeal within the meaning of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903. 4

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Justices (Supplemental List) Act, 1941.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Application to the Duchy of Lancaster.

Application to Scotland.

3 Edw. 7. c. 25.

Short title and extent.

193

Ch. 28.

Trustee 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage Insurance) Act, 1941.

Power of trustees in relation to insurance against war damage.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 12.

15 & 16 Geo. 5 c. 19.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to remove doubts as to, and to supplement, the powers of trustees in relation to insurance against war damage.

[2nd July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Whereas doubts have arisen in the case of trustees holding upon trusts the execution of which is governed by the law of England or of Northern Ireland, as to their powers in relation to insurance under Part II of the War Damage Act, 1941, and it is expedient to remove the doubts as to, and to supplement, the said powers:

Now therefore:—

(1) A trustee shall have power, and shall be deemed at all material times to have had power, if and in so far as a contrary intention is not expressed in the instrument, if any, creating the trust and subject to the terms of that instrument—

(a) to effect any insurance which the Board of Trade are authorised to undertake under either of the schemes operated under Part II of the War Damage Act, 1941, up to the full value of the goods insured; and

(b) for the purpose of paying the premiums for such insurance in accordance with section eighty-two of the said Act, to apply any capital money or securities subject to the same trusts as those affecting the goods insured, and, pending the making of provision for such application as aforesaid, to apply the income of any property subject to those trusts, without obtaining the consent of any person entitled wholly or partly to such money, securities or property or to the income thereof.

(2) Nothing in the preceding subsection shall be taken to prejudice or affect the power conferred on the Board of Trade by section sixty-seven of the War Damage Act, 1941, to refuse an application for the issue of a policy, or any power vested in a trustee by the instrument, if any, creating the trust or by law to effect an insurance against war damage otherwise than under the said schemes or against a risk other than war damage. 3

(3) In this Act the expressions " trust", " trustee "," instrument", and "securities", have the meanings assigned to them respectively by the Trustee Act, 1925.

1941.

Trustee Ch. 28, 29, 30.

(War Damage Insurance) Act, 1941.

199

(4) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, for the reference to the Trustee Act, 1925, there shall be substituted a reference to the Trustee Act, 1893.

2. This Act may be cited as the Trustee (War Damage Insurance) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to provide for the trial of certain offences against the Naval Discipline Act by disciplinary courts instead of by courts martial.

[2nd July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (1) of section fifty-seven A of the Naval Discipline Act (which relates to the trial of officers for disciplinary offences in time of war) shall have effect as if after the word "section " there were therein inserted the word "nine

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Discipline (Amendment) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 30.

Finance Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

Section.

1. Hops, etc. and beer.

2. Extension of power to exempt from key industry duty.

3. Extension of section 8 of Finance Act, 1940, to officers and men of the

Merchant Navy.

Part II.

Income Tax.

4. Income tax for 1941-42.

5. Higher rates of income tax for 1940-41.

6. Alteration of certain reliefs.

7. Provision for the crediting of certain amounts of income tax.

8. Extension to 1941-42 of s. n of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

9. Limit to relief in respect of insurance premiums to be calculated by

reference to pre-war income.

10. Farming and market gardening to be charged under Schedule D.

11. Cases where farming is exempted from compulsory assessment under

Schedule D.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 53.

[Short title.]

Amendment of s. 57A of the Naval Discipline Act.

[Short title.]

200

Ch. 30.

Finance Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Section.

12. Provisions as to assessments made under Rule 8 of No. VTI of

Schedule A.

13. Recovery of Schedule A tax from immediate lessor.

14. Information.

15. Provisions supplemental to three preceding sections.

16. Provisions as to Schedule A tax on land sustaining war damage.

17. Disallowance for income tax purposes of certain payments in respect

of war injuries to employees.

18. Trades affected by certain arrangements for concentration of industry

or business.

19. Allowance for exceptional depreciation.

20. Extension of Rule 13 of Rules applicable to Cases I and II of

Schedule D to professions and vocations.

21. Place of assessment under Schedules D and E.

22. Information as to payments to employees.

23. Expenses of weekly wage earners in travelling to and from their work.

24. Rents under long leases See. in Scotland*

Tax-free payments, <5-c.

25. Modification of provisions for tax-free annuities, &c.

26. Modification of provisions for tax-free salaries, pensions. See.

27. Interpretation of provisions relating to tax-free payments and power

to make regulations.

Part III.

Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution.

28. Provision for the repayment after the war of certain excess profits

tax.

29. Borrowed money to be treated as capital.

30. Addition to standard profits for reductions of capital caused by losses.

31. Addition to standard profits in the case of concerns producing certain

metals and oil.

32. Miscellaneous amendments of s. 27 of Finance Act, 1940.

33. Provisions as to chargeable accounting periods partly before and

partly after the end of March, 1940.

34. Power to recover where expenses of payments for services are

disallowed in computing profits.

35. Transactions designed to avoid liability to excess profits tax.

36. Disallowance for excess profits tax purposes of certain payments in

respect of war injuries to employees.

37. Treatment for purposes of excess profits tax of trades and businesses

affected by certain arrangements for concentration of industry or business.

38. Amendments as to exceptional depreciation.

39. General provisions as to computation of profits.

40. Director-controlled companies.

41. Amendment of provisions relating to relief in respect of excess profits

tax in dominions Sec.

42. Provisions as to groups of companies.

43. Provisions as to the national defence contribution.

44. Date from which amendments are to operate.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

45. Exemption from estate duty of gifts to His Majesty.

46. Relief from death duties in case of deaths due to operations of war.

47. Extension of time for lodging stated cases.

48. Exemption from purchase tax of gifts by wholesalers and manu-

facturers for relief of distress.

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

201

Section.

49. Provisions as to permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

50. Amendment as to deficit for 1940-41.

51. Repeal of obligation of Crown to pay interest on funds in Court free

of tax.

52. Short title, construction and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Recovery etc. of tax assessed under Rule 8 of No. VII of Schedule A.

Second Schedule.—Maximum percentages (metals and oil). Third Schedule.—Amendments of Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

Fourth Schedule.—Provisions as to groups of companies. Fifth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the Public Revenue and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[22nd July 1941.]

WE,(

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice ana consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Part I.

CUSTOMS AND EXCISE.

I. — (1) The duties charged by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the Finance Act, 1937, until the end of the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one, namely—

(a) the duties of customs charged on hops and extracts, essences or other similar preparations made frofn hops under subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1925; and

(b) the duty of customs charged on hop oil under the proviso to subsection (1) of section four of the Finance Act, 1929; and

(c) the additional duty of customs charged in respect of beer under subsection (2) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933;

shall continue to be charged until the end of the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

Hops, &c. and beer.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 36.

19 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 21.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 19.

202

Ch. 30.

Finance Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Extension of power to exempt from key industry duty.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 22.

xx & 12 Geo. 5. c. 47.

Extension of section 8 of Finance Act, 1940, to officers, and men of the Merchant Navy.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29.

Income tax for 1941-42.

Higher rates of income tax for 1940-41.

(2) The drawback allowed by virtue of subsection (2) of section one of the Finance Act, 1937, until the end of the fifteenth day of November,'nineteen hundred and forty-one, namely, the additional excise drawback allowed in respect of beer under subsection (4) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933, shall continue to be allowed until the end of the fifteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

2. The power of the Treasury, under subsection (5) of section ten and subsection (1) of section twelve of the Finance Act, 1926, to exempt articles from the duty imposed by section one of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921, as amended by the said Act of 1926 shall extend to all articles for the time being chargeable with duty under the said Act of 1921, whether as amended by the said Act of 1926 or by any subsequent enactment for the time being in force.

3. — (1) Section eight of the Finance Act, 1940 (which authorises the issue to members of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces of permits to use mechanically-propelled vehicles when on leave), shall, subject to any regulations made by the Minister of War Transport, apply in relation to masters and members of the crews of British sea-going ships as it applies to members of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-one, and any regulations made under this section, or made under the said section eight as respects masters and members of the crews of British sea-going ships, may be made to apply retrospectively as from the said day.

Part II.

INCOME TAX.

4. — (1) Income tax for the year 1041-42 shall be charged at the standard rate of ten shillings in the pound, and, in the case of an individual whose total income exceeds one thousand five hundred pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess over one thousand five hundred pounds as Parliament may hereafter determine.

(2) All such enactments as had effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year 1940-41, other than such enactments as by their terms relate only to tax for that year, shall have effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year 1941-42. 5

5. Income tax for the year 1940-41 shall be charged at rates exceeding the standard rate in the case of individuals whose total incomes exceed two thousand pounds and in respect of the

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

203

excess of their total incomes over that sum; and the said rates shall be rates in the pound which respectively exceed the standard rate for the year 1940-41 by the amounts specified in the second column of the Table in subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

6.— (1)Subsection (2) of section forty of the Finance Act,

1927 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides for the reduction of the tax remaining chargeable after the allowance of other reliefs by a sum equal to seven-seventeenths of the amount so remaining chargeable or seven-seventeenths of the tax on one hundred and sixty-five pounds, whichever is the less) shall have effect as if the words "seven-twentieths " were substituted for the words "seven-seventeenths ", in both places where they occur.

(2) Subsection \i) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1925 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides for a deduction of tax on an amount equal to one-sixth of the amount of earned income, but not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds) shall have effect as if—

(a) the words " one-tenth " were substituted for the

words " one-sixth and

(b) the words " one hundred and fifty pounds " were substituted for the words " two hundred and fifty pounds ",

and subsection (2) of the said section fifteen (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides, in a case where an individual or nis wife is of the age of sixty-five or upwards and his total income does not exceed five hundred pounds, for a deduction of tax on an amount equal to one-sixth of his income) shall have effect as if the words " one-tenth " were substituted for the words " one-sixth ". 3 (б)

(3) Section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1920 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides, in the case of married persons, for a deduction of tax on one hundred and seventy pounds, increased, in a case where the total income of the claimant includes earned income of his wife, by an amount equal to five-sixths of that earned income, and, in the case of single persons, for a deduction of tax on one hundred pounds) shall have effect as if—

(a) the words " one hundred and forty pounds " were

substituted for the words " one hundred and seventy pounds"; and

(b) the words " eighty pounds " were substituted for the words " one hundred pounds"; and

(c) the words " nine-tenths " were substituted for the words " five-sixths ".

Part 11

—cont.

3 & 4 Geo.6. c. 48.

Alteration of certain reliefs.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c.io.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 18.

204

Ch. 30.

Finance A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II. —cont. 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Provision for the crediting of certain amounts of income tax.

1

(4) Section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1935 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, exempts from tax incomes not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds and limits the tax on incomes exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds but less than one hundred and forty pounds to one-half of the excess) shall have effect as if—

(a) the words " one hundred and ten pounds " were substituted for the words "one hundred and twenty pounds " in both places where they occur; and

(b) the words "one hundred and thirty-three pounds " were substituted for the words "one hundred and forty pounds and

(c) the words "three-quarters " were substituted for the words "one-half

7. — (1) Subject, as respects married persons, to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, for every year of assessment for which subsections (2), (3) and (4) of the last preceding section are in force, there shall be ascertained and recorded, in relation to every individual who is entitled to any relief under subsection

(1) or subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1925, or under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1920, the amount of tax ultimately borne by him which is attributable to the passing of the said subsections (2), (3) and (4); and the amount so ascertained and recorded shall be notified to him as soon as possible and shall be credited to him on such date as may be fixed by the Treasury, being a date so soon as may be after the termination of hostilities in the present war.

(2) If-

(a) a man's wife has income for any such year and, in relation to that year, he is, and she is not, such an individual as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) an application that this subsection shall have effect in relation to them for that year is made by either of them in such manner and within such period as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue,

the amount ascertained and recorded under the said subsection (1) in relation to that man for that year shall, instead of being credited wholly to him, be credited partly to him and partly to her, in such proportions as may be agreed between them, or as may, in default of agreement, be determined by—

(i) ascertaining what the said amount would have been if, in the said subsection (1), for the references to subsections (2), (3) and (4) of the last preceding section,

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

205

Ch. 30.

there had been substituted references to so much of the said subsection (2^ as amends subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1925; and

(ii) apportioning that part of the amount between them in proportion to their respective earned incomes for the said year; and

(iii) apportioning the remainder of the amount between them in proportion to their respective total incomes for the said year, reduced, if relief has been given for that year under subsection (1) of the said section fifteen, by the appropriate sum in respect of earned income relief.

In this subsection, the expression " the appropriate sum in respect of earned income relief " means, in relation to a man or his wife, a sum equal to one-tenth of his or her earned income for the year in question, or, if their combined earned incomes for the year exceed fifteen hundred pounds, a sum which bears to a hundred and fifty pounds the same proportion that his or her earned income for the year bears to their combined earned incomes for the year.

(3) The procedure for the ascertainment and recording of the amounts to be ascertained and recorded under subsection

(1) of this section and for the determination of the matters to be determined under subsection (2) of this section shall be such as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and those regulations shall provide for the giving of notice to the persons affected and for appeals, and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, the regulations may apply any of the enactments relating to appeals from assessments to income tax.

(4) Any assignment of or charge on any amount to be credited under this section, and any agreement for any such assignment or charge, shall be void, and any such amount shall be exempt from death duties payable on any death occurring before the date fixed by the Treasury under subsection (1) of this section; but any claim to any such amount shall, subject as aforesaid, be transmissible as if it were a debt due from the Crown, and references in the foregoing provisions of this section to an individual, a man or his wife shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include references to persons claiming through or under them respectively:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect any assignment or charge made by the personal representatives of any person acting in their capacity as such, or any agreement for any such assignment or charge.

Part II.

—cont.

206

Ch. 30.

Part II. —cont. Extension to 1941-42 of s. 11 of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939-

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 109.

Limit to relief in respect of insurance premiums' to be calculated by reference to pre-war income.

8 &9 Geo. 5. c. 40.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Farming and market gardening to be charged under

Schedule D.

Finance Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

8. Section eleven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 (which grants relief in respect of diminution of earned income owing to circumstances directly or indirectly connected with the present war) shall apply in relation to tax for the year 1941-42 as it applies in relation to tax for the year 1939-40, with the adaptation that references to the year 1939-40 shall be construed as references to the year 1941-42 and references to the year 1938-39 shall be construed as references to the year 1940-41.

9. — (1) This section applies to the relief to be granted under section thirty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to life insurance premiums and other similar payments), for the year 1939-40 or any subsequent year of assessment for any part of which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is in force.

(2) In paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of the said section thirty-two (which limits the amount in respect of which relief may be granted under that section to one-sixth of the taxpayer’s total income) the reference to total income shall be construed as a reference to total income for the year of assessment in question or total income for the year 1938-39, whichever is the higher.

10. — (1) Subject, as respects farming and farm land, to the provisions of the next succeeding section, farming and market gardening shall be treated as trades for the purposes of income tax and accordingly—

(a) the profits or gains thereof shall be charged under Case I of Schedule D; and

(b) income tax shall not be charged under Schedule B in respect of the occupation of any farm land or market garden land:

Provided that where land is farm land or market garden land for part only of the year of assessment, tax shall be charged under Schedule B on that land for that year on so much of the assessable value of that land as is apportionable to the remainder of that year, and any such apportionment shall be made by reference to the number of months or parts of a month in the said remainder of the year. 2 *

(2) For the purposes of this and the next succeeding section the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively

assigned to them, that is to say,—

" market garden land" means land occupied as a nursery or garden for the sale of the produce (other than land used for the growth of hops) and " market gardening " shall be construed accordingly;

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

207

" farm land" means land wholly or mainly occupied for the purposes of husbandry, not being market garden land, and includes the farm house and farm buildings, if any, and " farming " shall be construed accordingly;

" land" means land in the United Kingdom;

" period of computation " means, in relation to a year of assessment, the period by reference to the profits or gains of which the profits or gains arising or accruing from farming are to be computed for that year.

(3) All the farming carried on by any particular person or partnership or body of persons shall be treated as one trade, and he or they shall be assessable and chargeable in respect of the profits or gains thereof in any of the parishes in which any part of his or their farm land is situated:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall limit any right to make any assessment and charge in the place of ordinary residence.

(4) The question whether or not a trade has been discontinued or a new trade set up or commenced shall not, in the case of farming, be affected by the fact that, for particular years of assessment, the person or partnership or body of persons carrying on the farming is not or was not chargeable under Schedule D in respect thereof (whether by virtue of the next succeeding section or by reason of the fact that this section was not then m operation), and the period of computation for any year of assessment may, in the case of farming, be a period falling wholly or partly within a year or years of assessment for which the person, partnership or body of persons carrying on the farming was not chargeable under that Schedule. 5

(5) In considering, in relation to farming, whether any, and if so what, relief may be given to any person for the year 1941-42 or any subsequent year of assessment under section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1926, or section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1927 (which relate to the carrying forward of losses) there may, if that person or a partnership of which he is a member is, by virtue of this section, chargeable under Schedule D for the year 1941-42 in respect of his or their farming, be carried forward to the year 1941-42 and subsequent years of assessment from the years of assessment preceding the year 1941-42 the amount (if any) which would have fallen to be carried forward to those years respectively if that person and every partnership of which he was a member had been charged under Schedule D in respect of his or their farming for all those preceding years and had been given in those preceding years all die relief which he or they could have been given under those sections if he or they had been so charged.

Part II.

—cont.

208

Ch. 30.

Finance A1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II. —cont.

Cases where fanning is exempted from

compulsory

assessment

under

Schedule D.

(6) Where on a claim made for the purposes of this subsection within twelve months from the end of the year 1941-42 it is proved that the profits or gains from farming in that year of any individual or partnership of individuals are less than the amount of the profits or gains by reference to which he or they is or are charged under this section for that year—

(a) that individual or partnership of individuals shall be entitled to such relief from income tax, other than surtax, as will reduce the amount of income tax, other than surtax, payable to the amount which would have been payable if he or they had been charged by reference to the actual profits or gains for that year;

(b) the individual, or, in the case of a partnership of individuals, each of the individuals, shall be entitled to such relief from the surtax, if any, payable by him for that year as will reduce the amount of surtax so payable to the amount which would have been payable if die individual or, as the case may be, the partnership had been charged as aforesaid.

11. — (1) If, for the year 1941-42 or any subsequent year of assessment, the total annual value of the farm and market garden land of an individual in the relevant period, together with so much of the annual value of the farm and market garden land of any partnership of which he is a member during that period as is proportionate to his share for that period in the partnership income, does not exceed three hundred pounds in all, so much of the last preceding section as requires the profits or gains of farming to be charged under Schedule D as the profits or gains of a trade shall not apply in relation to him for that year of assessment and he shall be assessed and charged to income tax for that year in respect of the occupation of his farm land as if the said provisions had not been passed.

(2) In this section the expression " the relevant period " means, in relation to any year of assessment, the twelve months immediately preceding that year of assessment, unless the individual in question began farming during the year of assessment, in which case it means that part of the year of assessment during which he was farming. 3

(3) In this section the expression " annual value " means, in relation to any land, the total annual value thereof for the purposes of Schedule A (whether or not separately assessed under that Schedule) before any reduction is made for the purposes of collection:

Provided that where—

(a) any land is not occupied by a particular individual or partnership for the whole of the relevant period; or

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

209

(6) any land is occupied by a particular individual or partnership for the whole of the relevant period but the relevant period is less than twelve months,

the annual value of the land shall, in relation to that individual or partnership, be deemed for the purposes of this section to be reduced so as to bear to the full amount thereof the same proportion that the length of the period for which the land is so occupied during the relevant period, or the length of the relevant period, as the case may be, bears to twelve months.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in relation to any body of individuals carrying on farming in partnership as they apply in relation to an individual:

Provided that the said provisions shall not apply to any partnership in the case of any year of assessment if any of the partners carries on farming in that year of assessment in such circumstances that the said provisions do not apply to him.

(5) If, for the year 1941-42 or any subsequent year of assessment, an individual or a partnership of which an individual is a member is assessed under Schedule B in respect of any of his or their fanning land, that individual shall not, for the year for which he is so assessed or any subsequent year, be allowed any deduction or set off under section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1926, or section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1927, in respect of any loss sustained in farming in any year previous to the year for which he is so assessed.

12. — (1) An assessment to income tax made under Rule 8 of No. VII of Schedule A shall be valid as against all persons although not made on the person who should have been assessed and the tax under any assessment to income tax made under the said Rule 8 may be recovered from the person who is the landlord of the land to which the assessment relates on the first day of January in the year of assessment for which the assessment was made:

Provided that where that person is not the person named in the assessment the provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the recovery of that tax from him.

(2) Any tax under any assessment to income tax made under the said Rule 8 may also (so far as not otherwise recovered) be recovered in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the said Schedule by requiring rent to be paid over in or towards the satisfaction of the tax. 3

(3) Any tax under any assessment to income tax made under the said Rule 8 in respect of any house or building let in different

O

Part II.

—cont.

Provisions as to . assessments made under Rule 8 of No. VII of Schedule A.

210

Ch. 30.

Finance A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont.

Recovery of Schedule A tax from immediate lessor.

Information.

apartments or tenements and occupied by two or more persons severally may also (so far as not otherwise recovered) be recovered from all or any of those persons in accordance with the provisions of Part III of the said Schedule.

(4) The powers conferred by the last preceding subsection shall, as respects the cases to which that subsection applies, be in lieu of the power conferred by the proviso to Kule 8 of No. VII of Schedule A to recover from the occupiers, but, save as aforesaid, the powers conferred by this section are in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers conferred by the Income Tax Acts for the recovery of tax.

13. — (1) Any tax payable under Schedule A for any year of assessment in respect of any land which is not otherwise recovered may be recovered from the person who is for the time being the immediate lessor of the land as if he had been charged therewith and in the same way as any other tax charged on him may be recovered:

Provided that the tax recovered under this section shall not exceed tax at the standard rate for the said year of assessment on the total sums becoming payable during the year by way of rent under short leases of the land or of any part thereof, being rent payable to, or to the assignee of, the person who was the immediate lessor of the land when the rent became payable.

(2) In this section, the expressions " immediate lessor " and " short lease " have the meanings assigned to them by section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1940.

(3) Subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1940 (which authorises recovery of tax from immediate lessors of unoccupied houses), is hereby repealed.

14. — (1) For the purpose of facilitating the recovery of tax assessed under Schedule A in respect of any land, the surveyor or the collector may serve on any person who is or has been liable to pay rent for the whole or any part of that land or is or has been in receipt of any such rent, whether on his own behalf or on behalf of another, a notice in the prescribed form requiring him to furnish, within such time as may be specified m the notice, such particulars with respect to the amount of the rent, the dates on which it is or was payable and the person to whom it is or was payable or, as the case may be, is or was accounted for, as may be so specified.

(2) Any person who fails to comply with the requirements of a notice duly served on him under this section, or, in furnishing the particulars required by any such notice, makes any statement which he knows to be false in any material particular or recklessly makes any statement which is false in any material particular, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

211

15. — (1) In the three last preceding sections and in the First Schedule to this Act, the expression " land " includes tenements, hereditaments and heritages, and the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(2) Any notice to be served under the said sections or the said Schedule may be served by post.

(3) The said sections and the said Schedule shall apply in relation to assessments made before the passing of this Act (for whatever year of assessment) and to assessments made thereafter, but nothing therein shall affect any legal proceedings instituted, or render illegal anything done, before the passing of this Act for the recovery of any tax.

16. — (1) Where—

(a) any land which is the subject of a short lease suffers war damage, and in consequence the lease comes to an end or the rent thereunder ceases to be payable or is reduced; and

(b) the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied that the lessee is unable to deduct tax which he would otherwise have been entitled to deduct under any of the Rules of No. VIII of Schedule A,

those Commissioners shall give to him, by repayment or otherwise, such relief from tax as will in their opinion reduce the amount of tax under Schedule A ultimately borne by him in respect of the land for the year of assessment (or that part thereof for which tax is payable) to what it would have been if the damage had not occurred.

(2) Where relief is given under subsection (1) of this section, the tax covered by the relief may be recovered from the persons by whom it would have ultimately been borne if the damage had not occurred, as if they had been respectively charged therewith and in the same way as any other tax charged on them may be recovered.

(3) In this section the expressions " land " and " short lease " have the meanings assigned to them by section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1940, and the expression " war damage " has the meaning assigned to it by section eighty of the War Damage Act, 1941; and for the purposes of this section a person shall be deemed ultimately to bear tax under Schedule A in respect of any land to the extent, and to the extent only, that tax has been paid by him in respect thereof by deduction or otherwise and is not deductible by him under any of the Rules

of No. VIII of Schedule A from rent payable by him in respect

of the land.

Part II. —coni. Provisions supplemental to three preceding sections.

Provisions as to ' Schedule A tax on land sustaining war

damage.

4 3 & 5 Geo. 6, c. 12.

Finance A, 1941.

212

Part II.

—cont.

Disallowance for income tax purposes of certain payments in respect of war injuries to

employees.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Ch. 30.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(4) This section shall apply to tax for the year 1940-41 and any subsequent year of assessment.

17. — (1) In computing the amount of the profits or gains, or total income, of any person for any purpose of the Income Tax Acts, no sum shall be deducted in respect of any payment made by him to which this section applies.

(2) No payment to which this section applies shall be included in computing—

(1 a) the expenses of management in respect of which relief may be claimed under section thirty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1918; or

(6) the cost of maintenance, repairs, insurance and management in respect of which relief may be claimed unaer Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A; or

(c) the expenses of management or supervision in respect of which relief may be claimed under section twenty-six' of the Finance Act, 1922.

(3) This section applies—

(a) to any payments by way of benefit made by any person to, or to the personal representatives or dependants of, any employees of his on account of their incapacity, retirement or death owing to war injuries, whether sustained in the United Kingdom or elsewhere;

(b) to any payments made by any person by way of premium or contribution under any policy, agreement, scheme or arrangement providing for the payment of benefits to, or to the personal representatives or dependants of, any employees of his on account of their incapacity, retirement or death as aforesaid:

Provided that—

(i) this section shall not apply to any payment

(whether by way of benefit or by way of premium or contribution) which is payable under any policy, agreement, scheme or arrangement made before the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, except to the extent that the amount of the payment is increased by any variation of the terms of that policy, agreement, scheme or arrangement made on or after that date;

(ii) this section shall not apply to any payment by way of benefit if, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, that payment was

1941*

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

213

made under an established practice which was such Part 11. that the same or a greater payment would have been made if the incapacity, retirement or death had not been due to war injuries.

(4) Where a person makes a payment by way of benefit to which this section applies and, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, there is an established practice under which a smaller payment would have been made if the incapacity, retirement or death had not been due to war injuries, the deduction or inclusion of an amount equal to that smaller payment shall not be disallowed by virtue only of subsection (r) or subsection (2) of this section.

(5) Where a person makes a payment to which this section applies by way of premium or contribution and the policy, agreement, scheme or arrangement provides for the payment of any benefit in the event of incapacity, retirement or death not due to war injuries, the deduction or inclusion of so much of the payment of premium or contribution as, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, is properly attributable to benefit payable in the event of incapacity, retirement or death not due to war injuries shall not be disallowed by virtue only of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section.

(6) In this section the expression " war injuries " has the

meaning assigned to it by the Personal Injuries (Emergency 2 & 3 Provisions) Act, 1939. Geo. 3 6

18. — (1) This section applies to any arrangements made with Trades a view to the concentration of industry or business in the hands affected of fewer persons, being arrangements certified by or on behalf !j^m of the Board of Trade to be approved by them and to be in their ments for opinion in the national interest, having regard to the exigencies concentra-of the present war. tion of

industry

(2) Where, in pursuance of any such arrangements, a person or business ceases to carry on all or any of the activities theretofore carried on by him in connection with his trade, or undertakes activities not theretofore carried on by him in connection with his trade, the cessation or undertaking of the activities shall not be treated, for any of the purposes of the Income Tax Acts, as effecting a discontinuance of that trade or the setting up or commencement of a new trade.

(3) Any sum becoming payable, in pursuance of any such

arrangements, to, or to the successor of, any such person as is

mentioned in the last preceding subsection by any other person

who was or has become a party to the arrangements, not being a sum in the nature of a capital payment or a sum from which

214

Part II.

—cont.

Allowance for . exceptional depreciation.

Ch. 30. Finance A1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

income tax has been deducted under any provision of the Income Tax Acts, shall—

(a) notwithstanding anything contained in Rule 3 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, be allowed as a deduction in computing, for any of the purposes of the Income Tax Acts, the profits or gains of the trade of the person by whom the said sum becomes payable; and

(b) be treated for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as a trading receipt of the person to whom the said sum becomes payable and be taken into account accordingly in computing the profits or gains of the trade of that person.

(4) Where, in pursuance of any such arrangements as aforesaid, machinery or plant of any such person as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section remains unused during any period, the amount of any deduction allowable under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D in respect of the wear and tear of that machinery or plant shall be computed as if the machinery or plant were in normal use.

(5) For the purposes of this section the expression " person " includes a partnership.

19. — (1) Where any buildings, machinery or plant have, after the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and thirty-seven, been provided for the purposes of a trade by the person carrying on that trade, then, if either—

(a) on such date as Parliament may hereafter determine, the buildings, machinery or plant have, wholly or partially, become obsolete or ceased to be required and the value thereof is less than the net cost thereof; or

(b) the buildings, machinery or plant are sold before the said date at a price which is less than the net cost thereof,

and in either case the deficiency is wholly or mainly ascribable to conditions prevailing as a consequence of the present war and exceeds—

(i) the aggregate amount of any deductions for wear and tear or depreciation already allowed in respect of the buildings, machinery or plant otherwise than under this section; plus

(ii) any payments made or to be made under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of damage to the buildings, machinery or plant, other than payments in respect of damage made good before

1941.

215

Finance Act, 1941. Ch. 30.

the said date or before the previous sale of the buildings, machinery or plant, as the case may be,

there may be allowed in charging the profits or gains of the trade under Schedule D for the year 1939-40, and every subsequent year of assessment, such proportion of the excess as is properly attributable to the year in question.

The reference in this subsection to deductions for wear and tear shall be construed as including a reference to the additional deduction under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932, or under that section as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938.

(2) Pending an ascertainment whether any allowance falls to be made under subsection (1) of this section in respect of buildings, machinery or plant, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, if they are satisfied that any buildings, machinery or plant provided as aforesaid are of such a character that it is likely that the conditions specified in that subsection will be fulfilled in the case thereof, may direct that there shall be allowed in any such year of assessment as aforesaid such sums as they think fit, not exceeding ten per cent, of the net cost of the buildings, machinery or plant, but any such allowance shall be provisional only, and on the coming of the said date, or, as the case may be, on the previous sale of the buildings, machinery or plant, the amount thereof shall be adjusted so as to accord with the provisions of the said subsection.

(3) In this section, the expression " net cost " means, in relation to any buildings, machinery or plant, the cost of the provision thereof (being cost of a capital nature) less any sum provided, or to be provided, directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any other person other than the person carrying on the trade, towards the cost of the provision of the buildings, machinery or plant, or towards any wear and tear or depreciation thereof, not being a sum provided, or to be provided, either by way of loan or under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1941; and references to Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, shall be construed as including references to any similar Act applying to war damage to which the said Part I does not apply.

(4) Where a trade has been transferred by one person to another person, any buildings, machinery or plant provided for the purposes of file trade by the person transferring it which were transferred with the trade and continue to be used for those purposes after the transfer shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to have been provided for the purposes of the trade

Part II

—cont.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 25.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

216 Ch. 30. Finance , 1941. 4 & 5 6.

Part n. not only by the person transferring the trade but also by the —cont. person to whom the trade is transferred:

Provided that the amount of any allowance granted under this section to the person to whom the trade is transferred shall, if necessary, be so reduced as to secure that the total allowances granted to the said persons in respect of any buildings, machinery or plant affected by the transfer are not greater than the total allowances which could have been granted to the person making the transfer if the transfer had not taken place.

The provisions of this subsection shall apply in relation to the transfer of part of a trade as they apply in relation to the transfer of the whole of a trade.

(5) Where, for any purpose of the Income Tax Acts, account is required to be taken of any deductions allowed or deemed to have been allowed in respect of wear and tear of any machinery or plant for any years prior to the year of assessment, or of the aggregate of the amount of those deductions and of any such deduction for the year of assessment, any allowance which has been made in respect of the machinery or plant under the provisions of this section for any of the said years, or which could have been so made if the profits or gains of the trade had been assessable under Schedule D for that year, shall, for that purpose, be treated as if it were part of the deduction in respect of wear and tear for that year.

(6) If for any year of assessment tax has been charged without such allowance as is due for that year by virtue of the provisions of this section having been given, or without it having been given to the full extent, such adjustment as may be necessary to give effect to those provisions shall be made by repayment or otherwise, and if any allowance or deduction has been given which, by virtue of the provisions of this section, should not be given, or has been given to a greater extent than is proper under this section, such additional assessments as may be necessary shall be made.

Extension of Rule 13 of Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D to professions and vocations.

20. Rule 13 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D (which provides for the set off of losses against profits where a person carries on two or more distinct trades) shall have effect as if any reference therein to a trade included a reference to a profession or vocation.

Place of 21. — (1) Where, owing to circumstances directly or indirectly

assessment connected with the present war, a trade, profession or vocation is being carrie<3 on in a parish other than that in which it was

D and E previously carried on, and either—

(a) the person carrying on the trade, profession or vocation delivers to the surveyor, before the end of June in the

1941. Finance Act, 1941. Ch. 30. 217

year of assessment, a notice of his request that he may Part it. be assessed and charged under Schedule D in a parish specified in the notice, being a parish in which the trade, profession or vocation has been carried on at any time since the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine; or

(h) the surveyor delivers to him a notice stating that unless within twenty-one days from the date of the notice he objects in writing to the surveyor he will be assessed and charged under Schedule D in a parish specified in the notice, being such a parish as aforesaid, and he does not so object,

he shall be assessed and charged accordingly instead of in the parish in which he would have been assessable and chargeable if this subsection had not been passed:

Provided that, in relation to the year 1941-42, paragraph (a) of this subsection shall have effect as if for the word June " there were substituted the word "August

(2) Where, owing to circumstances directly or indirectly connected with the present war, it is in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue expedient that a person assessable under Schedule E should be assessed and charged under that Schedule in some parish other than that in which he would be assessed and charged but for the provisions of this section, he shall be assessed and charged accordingly:

Provided that a person assessed and charged in accordance with this subsection shall, unless he appeals to the General Commissioners for the parish in which he is assessed and charged, have the same rights of appeal to the same Commissioners as he would have had if he had been assessed and charged in the parish in which he would have been assessable and chargeable if this subsection had not been passed.

22. In section one hundred and five of the Income Tax Act, Information 1918 (which requires employers to give particulars of payments 33 to made to certain employees), for the words " except persons who employees ° are not employed in any other employment and whose remuneration in the employment for the year does not exceed one hundred

and twenty pounds " there shall be substituted the words "except persons who are not employed in any other employment and whose remuneration in the employment for the year does not exceed one hundred and ten pounds or, if the employment is for less than the year, a proportionately reduced amount/'

23. If it is shown in the case of a weekly wage earner assessed Expenses to income tax in accordance with Rule 2 of the rules applicable of

to Cases I and II of Schedule D that his place of work or his ^eTS

2l8

Ch. 30.

Finance A1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II. —cont. travelling to and from their work.

Rents under long leases &c. in Scotland.

Modification of provisions for tax-free annuities, &c.

residence has changed through circumstances connected with the present war, and that in consequence he is obliged to incur and defray out of his wages additional expense in travelling between his residence and his work, the additional expense so incurred and defrayed by him in the half year, up to five pounds, shall be deducted from the wages to be assessed for the half year.

24. — (1) Any payment made in respect of land in Scotland for the period ending on the fifteenth day of May in any year, being a payment to which section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1940 (which applies to rents under long leases and other annual payments in respect of land) applies, shall be treated for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as if it had become due at the commencement of that period.

(2) In this section the expression " land " has the same meaning as in the said section seventeen.

Tax-free Payments, &c.

25. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any provision, however worded, for the payment, whether periodically or otherwise, of a stated amount free of income tax, or free of income tax other than surtax, being a provision which—

(a) is contained in any deed or other instrument, in any will or codicil, in any order of any court, in any local or personal Act, or in any contract, whether oral or in writing; and

(b) was made before the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine; and

(c) has not been varied on or after that date,

shall, as respects payments falling to be made during any year of assessment, the standard rate of income tax for which is ten shillings in the pound, have effect as if for the stated amount there were substituted an amount equal to twenty twenty-ninths thereof.

(2) Where any such provision as is mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section is a provision for a payment free of income tax (and not merely a provision for a payment free of income tax other than surtax) the sum, if any, to be paid under that provision to make good the requirement that the payment shall be free of surtax shall, in the case of surtax for the year preceding any such year of assessment as is mentioned in the said subsection (1), be reduced to twenty twenty-ninths of the sum which would have been sufficient for that purpose if the rates of surtax in force for the year 1937-38 had applied to the year for which the surtax is payable.

(3) A person who is entitled under any such provision as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section to a payment free of

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

219

income tax, or free of income tax other than surtax, shall be entitled to the following adjustment of his surtax for the year 1940-41, that is to say, his total income for that year, so far as it is ascribable to his rights under that provision, shall be reduced to what it would have been if in his case—

(a) the rates of surtax in force for the year 1937-38 had applied also to the years 1938-39,1939-40 and 1940-41; and

(b) the 1938-39 rates of income-tax, other than surtax, had applied also to the years 1939-40 and 1940-41; and

(c) the rights and liabilities of the persons concerned had been modified accordingly.

(4) If, in the case of a payment to which subsection (1) of this section applies, the relations of the payee and payor are such that the payee is accountable to the payor for so much of any relief from income tax which he receives as is ascribable to the payment—

(a) the liability of the payee to account to the payor shall be limited to twenty twenty-ninths of the sum for which Re would have been accountable if the 1938-39 rates of income tax, other than surtax, had applied to the year of assessment in which the payment falls to be made, and the foregoing provisions of this section had not passed; and

(b) the relief to be given shall be calculated as if—

(i) the gross sum represented by the payment were what it would have been if the 1938-39 rates of income tax, other than surtax, had applied to the year of assessment in which the payment falls to be made, and the foregoing provisions of this section had not passed; and

(ii) that gross sum had borne income tax at ten shillings in the pound.

(5) This section shalT not—

(a) affect any provision falling within Rule 23 of the General Rules (which renders invalid agreements not to deduct tax);

(b) affect any provision if, by virtue of any provision in the same or any other deed, instrument, will, codicil, order, local or personal Act or contract, which contemplates rises in the rates of income tax, the payments thereunder have ceased, or, in the event of further rises in the rates of income tax, may cease, to be wholly free of income tax, or, as the case may be, wholly free of income tax other than surtax;

Part II.

—cont.

220

Ch. 30.

Finance A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont.

Modification of provisions for tax-free salaries, pensions, &c.

(c) apply to any emoluments of any office, employment, annuity, pension or stipend taxed under Schedule E; or

(d) apply to any dividends or shares of profits.

26. — (1) This section applies to offices, employments, annuities, pensions and stipends taxed under Schedule E, where by virtue of-r-

(a) some provision which is contained in a contract (whether oral or in writing) made before the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and which has not been varied on or after that date; or

(b) some provision which is contained in an enactment passed before the said third day of September and which has not been amended on or after that date.

the emoluments include a payment to or for the benefit of the recipient of the emoluments in respect of his income tax.

(2) The amount, if any, payable, in a case to which this section applies, to or for the benefit of the recipient of the emoluments in respect of his income tax for the year 1941-42 or any subsequent year of assessment, other than surtax, shall not exceed the amount which would have been payable if the 3:938-39 rates of income tax, other than surtax, had applied to the year of assessment in question.

(3) The amount, if any, payable, in a case to which this section applies, to or for the benefit of the recipient of the emoluments in respect of his surtax for the year 1940-41 or any subsequent year of assessment shall not exceed the amount which would have been payable if the rates of surtax in force for the year 1937-38 had applied to the year of assessment in question.

(4) In a case to which this section applies, the recipient of the emoluments shall be entitled to the following adjustments of his liability to income tax for the year 1941-42 and surtax for the year 1940-41, that is to say, his total emoluments for the purposes of the said income tax, and his total income for the purposes of the said surtax so far as it is ascribable to the emoluments, shall be reduced to what they would have been if in his case—

(a) the rates of surtax in force for the year 1937-38 had applied also to the years 1938-39, 1939-40 and 1940-41; and

(b) the 1938-39 rates of income tax, other than surtax, had applied also to the years 1939-40 and 1940-41; and

(c) the rights and liabilities of the persons concerned had been modified accordingly.

221

1941- Finance Act, 1941:. Ch. 30.

27. — (1) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to tax free payments—

(a) a provision, however worded, for the payment of such sum as will after deduction of income tax be equal to a stated amount, shall be treated as a provision for the payment of the said stated amount free of income tax, other than surtax; and

(b) the expression " a stated amount " includes a stated fraction of the gross amount of any specified income (that is to say, of the amount of that income before income tax has been charged thereon, whether by deduction or otherwise), but does not include a stated fraction of the net amount of any specified income (that is to say, of the amount of that income after it has been charged to income tax, whether by deduction or otherwise);

(c) the expression " if the 1938-39 rates of income tax, other than surtax, had applied " means, in relation to a year of assessment, if the standard rate of tax for the year had been five shillings and sixpence in the pound and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to relief from tax had not been amended in any respect by any Act passed since the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

(2) The Treasury may by regulations provide for adjustments between parties where payments to which the said provisions of this Act apply have been made before the passing of this Act otherwise than in accordance with those provisions.

Part III.

EXCESS PROFITS TAX AND THE NATIONAL DEFENCE CONTRIBUTION.

28. — (1) After the termination of hostilities in the present war, there shall be ascertained and recorded, as respects every person who has paid any excess profits tax for any of the periods in respect of which the tax is chargeable at the rate of a hundred per cent., the amount (if any) by which the total sum paid by him by way of excess profits tax and the national defence contribution (less any sum repaid or repayable on account of any , deficiency of profits or otherwise) would have been decreased if ’ the rate of excess profits tax had been eighty per cent, in respect of all those periods, and the amount so ascertained and recorded as aforesaid shall, if such conditions as Parliament may hereafter determine are satisfied, be repaid at such date as Parliament may hereafter determine:

Part II. —cont. Interpretation of provisions relating to tax-free payments and power to make regulatio ns.

Provision for the repayment after the war of certain excess profits tax.

222

Part III.

—cont.

Borrowed money to be treated as capital.

Ch. 30. Finance A 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Provided that, in ascertaining the said amount, the capital employed in the trade or business shall be computed on the basis that the rate of tax during the said periods was a hundred per cent.

(2) The procedure for the ascertainment and recording of the said amounts shall be such as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Commissioners, and those regulations shall provide for the giving of notice to the persons affected and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, may apply, with or without modifications, any of the enactments relating to appeals against assessments to excess profits tax.

29. — (1) In computing the amount of the capital employed in a trade or business, no deduction shall be made in respect of borrowed money.

(2) In computing the profits of a trade or business, no deduction shall be made in respect of interest on borrowed money or in respect of any other consideration given for the use of borrowed money:

Provided that—

(a) this subsection shall not prevent the making of any deduction in respect of any such interest or consideration in computing the profits of a trade or business for any chargeable accounting period the standard profits for which are ascertained by reference to the minimum amount specified in subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939;

(6) in computing in res have passed

capital, the same deduction shall be made 5ect of accruing liabilities for interest as would lad to be made if this subsection had not been

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940, shall have effect subject to the following provisions as respects borrowed money, that is to say—

(a) subsection (2) shall have effect as if, at the end of paragraph (ii) of the proviso, the following words were inserted—

" and

(iii) on the average amount of the borrowed money, if any, employed in the trade or business in the standard period, at six per cent., or, in the case of a company the directors whereof had a controlling interest therein, eight per cent., per annum; "

1941. Finance Act, 1941. Ch. 30. 223

(6) subsection (3) shall have effect as if—

(i) after the words "the paid-up share capital of the body corporate in the standard period " there were inserted the words "together with any borrowed money employed in the trade or business in that period ana

(ii) in paragraph (a) of the proviso, for the words from " and deducting borrowed money and debts " to the end of that paragraph, there were substituted the words "and deducting debts, other than debts for borrowed money ";

(c) subsection (4) shall have effect as if after the words "the paid-up share capital in the standard period " there were inserted the words "together with any borrowed money employed in the trade or business in that period".

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of any of the foregoing provisions of this section, if the average rate of interest per cent, per annum actually payable in respect of the borrowed money employed in a trade or business in the standard period, increased by two per cent., is greater than the rate applicable under section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940, the limits under subsections (2), (3) and (5) of the said section twenty-seven shall be raised in the case of that trade or business by the difference between—

(a) an amount equal to interest for the standard period at the said average rate, as so increased, on the average amount of the borrowed money employed in the trade or business in the standard period; and

(b) an amount equal to interest on that average amount for that period at the rate applicable under the said section twenty-seven.

In this subsection, references to the rate applicable under the said section twenty-seven shall be construed as references to the rate per cent, per annum which, apart from the provisions of this subsection, would be applicable under the proviso to subsection (2) of that section to the average amount of the borrowed money employed in the trade or business in the standard period; and the reference to the limits under subsections (2), (3) and (5) of that section shall be construed as a reference to the amounts fixed by the proviso to the said subsection (2), by the proviso to the said subsection (3) and by the said subsection (5), as the maximum amounts which, in the cases to which those provisions respectively apply, may, by virtue of that section, be treated in ascertaining the standard profits for a full year as being the profits of the standard period.

Part III.

—cont.

224

Ch. 30.

Finance Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part in. (5) In this section, and in section twenty-seven of the Finance —cont. Act, 1940, as amended by this section, the expression " borrowed money" means borrowed money which, apart from the provisions of this section, would have been deductible in computing capital.

(6) This section—

(a) shall not apply in the case of the business of a building society, or of a banking business, assurance business or business consisting wholly or mainly in the dealing in or holding of investments;

(b) shall, in relation to a trade or business part of which consists in banking, assurance or dealing in investments, not being such a business as aforesaid, have effect only in relation to borrowed money not as-cribable to that part of the trade or business:

Provided that paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not apply to a business carried on by a body corporate, if—

(i) it is a member of a group of companies to which subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1940, applies; and

(ii) its circumstances are such that paragraph (iii) of the said subsection (1) has the effect of requiring all its income from such investments as are mentioned in that paragraph to be left out of account in computing profits, or would have that effect if it had any such income.

(7) This section applies to the computation of the profits or loss, and the standard profits, of a trade or business for any chargeable accounting period ending after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty, subject, however, as respects any such chargeable accounting period which begins before the said end of March, to the provisions of section thirty-three of this Act.

Addition to 30. — (1) In computing under subsection (8) of section thirteen

standard of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, the standard profits for a full for year of a trade or business commenced after the first day of July nineteen hundred and thirty-six, the average amount of the caused by capital employed in the trade or business in the chargeable losses. accounting period in question shall be treated as increased by the amount of any net loss sustained in carrying on the trade or business over the period beginning with the commencement of the trade or business and ending with the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

225

(2) Section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940, shall have effect subject to the following provisions as respects losses, that is to say,—

(a) if, in relation to any date in the standard period, a net loss has been sustained in carrying on the trade or business over the period which begins with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, or with the commencement of the trade or business, whichever is the later, and ends immediately before the said date in the standard period, the limit under subsection (3) and the limit under subsection (5) shall be computed as if the capital employed in the trade or business on the said date m the standard period were increased by the amount of that loss; and

(b) if, over the period which begins as aforesaid and ends with the commencement of the standard period, a net loss has been sustained in carrying on the trade or business, the limit under subsection (3) shall be computed as if the value of the assets employed in the trade or business, and the capital employed in the trade or business, immediately before the commencement of the standard period were increased by the amount of that loss; and

(c) in any event, for the references in subsections (3) and

(4) to the net value of the assets employed in the trade or business in the standard period there shall be substituted references to the amount interest on which is the limit under subsection (3).

In this subsection, the expressions " the limit under subsection (3) " and " the limit under subsection (5) " mean, respectively, the amounts fixed by the proviso to subsection (3), and by subsection (5), of the said section twenty-seven as the maximum amounts which, in the cases to which those provisions apply, may be treated in ascertaining the standard profits for a full year as being the profits of the standard period.

(3) The question whether any, and if so what, net loss has been sustained over any such period as is mentioned in this section shall be determined for the purposes of this section in accordance with die provisions applicable to the computation for the purpose of excess profits tax of the profits of a chargeable accounting period beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred ana forty, and ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-one:

Provided that—

(a) subsection (2) of the last preceding section (which prevents the deduction of interest on borrowed money) shall not apply; and

P

Part III.

—com/.

226

Ch. 30.

Finance A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

Addition to standard profits in the case of

(6) the additional percentage in respect of wear and tear, for which provision is made under paragraph 2 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, shall not be allowed in respect of the period before the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, shall be at the rate of ten per cent, in respect of the period between the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, and the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, and shall be at the rate of twenty per cent, as respects the period after the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight.

(4) The provisions of subsection (1) or, as the case may be, subsection (2) of this section shall not apply in relation to any trade or business unless it is shown to me satisfaction of the Commissioners that—

(a) in the case of subsection (1), over the period beginning with the commencement of the trade or business and ending with the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine; and (b) in the case of subsection (2), over the period beginning with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, or with the commencement of the trade or business, whichever is the later, and ending with the end of the standard period,

the character of the trade or business has remained substantially unchanged and that, throughout the said period, the trade or business has substantially retained and maintained its fixed assets and its productive manufacturing or trading potentialities, as the case may be:

Provided that the Commissioners may, if they think it just so to do, direct that, notwithstanding that the said condition is not fulfilled, such increase shall be made in the standard profits as may be specified in the direction, being an increase smaller than that which would have fallen to be made if the said condition had been fulfilled.

An appeal shall lie to the Board of Referees from any determination of the Commissioners under this subsection which would not otherwise be subject to such an appeal.

(5) This section applies to the computation of the standard profits of a trade or business for any chargeable accounting period ending after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty, subject, however, as respects any such chargeable accounting period which begins before the said end of March, to the provisions of section thirty-three of this Act.

31. — (1) If, in the case of any trade or business which includes the mining of any metal or the getting of oil from oil wells, the mining or getting of which is, in the opinion of the Treasury,

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

227

of exceptional importance for the purposes of the prosecution of the war, the Treasury certify that an increase in output of the metal or oil over output at the normal rate is essential in the national interest, then, unless the certificate is revoked, the following provisions shall have effect.

(2) If the profits in any chargeable accounting period include profits attributable to additional output of the metal or oil due to the war, the standard profits of the trade or business for that chargeable accounting period shall, if the date by which the source of the metal or oil might, but for the war, have been expected to have been exhausted falls within one of the periods specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, be increased by not more than the percentage specified in relation to that period in the second column of that Schedule of an amount representing profit at the normal rate on that additional output.

(3) The Treasury may make regulations for carrying this section into effect, and those regulations may in particular lay down rules to be followed in determining for the purposes of this section the extent of the natural deposits which are to be taken as constituting a source of the metal or oil, the date by which any such source might, but for the war, have been expected to have been exhausted, the question whether there is any, and if so what, additional output due to the war, and the question what amount is to be taken to represent profit at the normal rate on any such additional output.

(4) The question whether, by virtue of this section and the regulations made thereunder, any, and if so what, addition is to be made to the standard profits of any trade or business for any chargeable accounting period shall be determined by the Commissioners, subject, however, to an appeal to the Board of Referees.

(5) This section shall not apply to any chargeable accounting period the standard profits for which are ascertained by reference to the minimum amount specified in subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, and (without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by subsection (3) of this section) the regulations under the said subsection (3) may make special provision for chargeable accounting periods the standard profits for which are ascertained under subsection (8) of section thirteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, or are affected by a direction under section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940.

(6) This section applies to the computation of the standard profits of a trade or business for any chargeable accounting period ending after the end of March, nineteen hundred and

Part III.

—coni. concerns producing certain metals and oil.

228

Ch. 30.

Finance A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part III. forty, subject, however, as respects any such chargeable account-—coni‘ ing period which begins before the said end of March, to the provisions of section thirty-three of this Act.

Miscellaneous amendments of s. 27 of Finance Act, 1940.

32. — (1) In subsections (3), (4) and (5) of section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940, for references to the Board of Referees there shall be substituted references to the Commissioners.

(2) For subsection (7) of the said section twenty-seven there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (7) An application under this section shall not be entertained unless notice thereof is given in writing to the inspector of taxes before the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-two, unless the Commissioners allow a longer period/'

(3) At the end of the said section twenty-seven there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (9) If the person carrying on the trade or business is dissatisfied with any determination of the Commissioners under this section, he may appeal to the Board of Referees; "

and in subsection (2), the words from " If the person " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

(4) The amendments effected by the foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed always to have had effect:

Provided that any determination of the Board of Referees given before the passing of this Act of an application under subsection (3) of the said section twenty-seven shall be treated as if it had been a determination given on appeal from the Commissioners.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (8) of the said section twenty-seven—

(a) a determination of an application under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of that section may fix a different amount as respects the period before, and the period after, the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty;

(b) an application may be made under either of those subsections to vary a previous determination of an application thereunder so as to give effect to any provision of this Act amending the said section twenty-seven.

An application made by virtue of paragraph (6) of this subsection shall be made to the Commissioners notwithstanding that the determination sought to be varied was made, or confirmed on appeal, by the Board of Referees; but the determination of the Commissioners on any such application shall be subject to the same right of appeal as a determination by them of any other application under the said section.

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

229

Ch. 30.

33. — (1) The provisions of this section apply to any chargeable accounting period falling partly before and partly after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty, and in this section—

(a) references to the whole period, the first part of the period, and the second part of the period shall be construed respectively as references to the whole of any such chargeable accounting period, so much thereof as falls before the said end of March, and so much thereof as falls after the said end of March;

(b) the expression " excess profits" means the amount by which the profits for any period exceed the standard profits therefor;

(c) the expression " the amending provisions" means the provisions of sections twenty-nine, thirty and thirty-one of this Act.

(2) The profits or loss of, and the standard profits for, the whole period shall be computed, first on the basis that the amending provisions do not apply to the period and secondly on the basis that the said provisions do apply to the period, and it shall then be ascertained, on each basis, whether there are excess profits or a deficiency of profits for the whole period, and if so what is the amount thereof.

(3) There shall be deemed to be, for the first part of the period, excess profits or a deficiency of profits, as the case may be, equal to an apportioned part of the excess profits or deficiency of profits ascertained under subsection (2) of this section on the first basis mentioned therein, and there shall be deemed to be, for the second part of the period, excess profits or a deficiency of profits, as the case may be, equal to an apportioned part of the excess profits or deficiency of profits ascertained under subsection (2) of this section on the second basis mentioned therein; and for the purpose of determining the rate at which excess profits tax is to be charged on any excess profits and of giving relief for deficiencies of profits under the enactments relating to excess profits tax, and for the purposes of section twenty-eight of this Act, the first part of the period and the second part of the period shall each be treated as if it were a separate chargeable accounting period.

Any apportionment required to be made by this subsection shall be made by reference to the number of months or fractions of months in each of the parts of the whole period.

(4) Subsection (3) of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1940, is hereby repealed.

34. — (1) If, in computing the profits or loss of a trade or business for any accounting period beginning after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-one, any expenses for directors* fees or other payments for services are disallowed

Part III. —coni. . Provisions as to

chargeable accounting periods partly before and partly after the end of March, 1940.

Power to recover where expenses oi payments

230

Ch. 30.

Finance Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part III. —coni. for services are

disallowed

in computing profits.

under section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1940, then, subject to the provisions of this section, any person who pays or bears any additional tax as a consequence of that disallowance shall be entitled to recover from the persons to whom the fees or payments were payable the full amount disallowed in relation to them respectively:

Provided that if the total amount so disallowed is greater than the additional tax, the amounts which may be recovered from the said persons shall be reduced proportionately so that in all not more than an amount equal to the additional tax is recoverable.

A person shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to have paid additional tax as a consequence of a disallowance if and to the extent only that the total excess profits tax and national defence contribution paid exceeds the total excess profits tax and national defence contribution which would have been payable but for the disallowance.

(2) No sum shall be recoverable from any person under subsection (1) of this section unless within thirty days from the date on which a notification of the decision of the Commissioners under the said section thirty-two is served on the person carrying on the trade or business, or, in the case of a notification served before, or not later than two months after, the date of the passing of this Act, within three months from the date of the passing of this Act, the person carrying on the trade or business gives notice in writing to the inspector of taxes named in that behalf in the notification, and to the person to whom the disallowed fees or payments were payable, that the right of recovery conferred by this section is reserved against that person in relation to that disallowance; and where notice is so given, the person against whom the right is reserved may appeal to the Board of Referees against the decision of the Commissioners to make the disallowance.

(3) Where any sum is recovered under this section from any person, the income tax payable by him shall be computed as if the fees or payments in question had been reduced by the sum recovered, and relief shall be given accordingly by repayment or otherwise.

(4) Where a person recovers any sum under this section-

(a) for the purposes of the enactments relating to the relief for deficiencies of profits, his profits chargeable with excess profits tax; and

(b) for the purposes of the enactments relating to the relation of excess profits tax to income tax or the national defence contribution, and to the relation to one another

1941.

231

Finance Act, 1941. Ch. 30.

of members of groups of companies, his liability to excess profits tax, shall be treated as reduced by the sum recovered, and section twenty-eight of this Act shall have effect in relation to him as if the reference therein to the total sum paid by him by way of excess profits tax and the national defence contribution were a reference to the total sum which would have been so paid by him, if his profits chargeable with excess profits tax were reduced as aforesaid.

(5) A person who has paid tax but has a right to recover it—

(a) from the Crown under the enactments relating to the relief for deficiencies of profits; or

(b) from another member of the same group of companies under paragraph 8 of Part IV of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940;

shall, to the extent that he has exercised that right, and to that extent only, be disentitled to recover under this section by virtue of that payment.

(6) This section applies in relation to accounting periods falling partly before and partly after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-one, as it applies in relation to accounting periods falling wholly after the said end of March, except that so much only of any fees or payments disallowed for that period under section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1940, shall be taken into account for file purposes of this section as is properly apportionable to the part of the period falling after the said end of March; and any such apportionment shall be made by reference to the number of months or fractions of months in each of the parts of the accounting period.

35. — (1) Where the Commissioners are of opinion that the main purpose for which any transaction or transactions was or were effected (whether before or after the passing of this Act) was the avoidance or reduction of liability to excess profits tax, they may, if they think fit, direct that such adjustments shall be made as respects liability to excess profits tax as they consider appropriate so as to counteract the avoidance or reduction of liability to excess profits tax which would otherwise be effected by the transaction or transactions.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section, the powers conferred thereby extend—

(a) to the charging with excess profits tax of persons who, but for the adjustments, would not be chargeable with any tax, or would not be chargeable to the same extent;

(b) to the charging of a greater amount of tax than would be chargeable but for the adjustments.

Part III.

—con/.

Transactions designed to avoid liability to excess profits tax.

Finance Act, 1941.

232

Part III.

—cont.

Disallowance for excess profits tax purposes of certain payments in respect of war injuries to employees.

Treatment for purposes of excess profits tax of trades and

businesses affected by certain arrangements for concentration of industry or business.

Ch. 30.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(3) Any person aggrieved by a direction of the Commissioners under this section may appeal to the Special Commissioners, whether on the ground that the main purpose of the transaction or transactions was not the avoidance or reduction of liability to tax or on the ground that no direction ought to have been given or that the adjustments directed to be made are inappropriate.

36. Section seventeen of this Act (which provides for income tax purposes for the disallowance of certain payments in respect of war injuries to employees) shall, with any necessary adaptations, apply to the computation for the purposes of excess profits tax of profits for all chargeable accounting periods ending after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty; but no payment made before the said end of March shall be disallowed by virtue of this section.

37. — (1) Section eighteen of this Act (which relates to the treatment for income tax purposes of trades affected by certain arrangements for the concentration of industry or business) shall not affect the computation of profits for the purposes of excess

Erofits tax, but the following provisions of this section shall ave effect for the purposes of excess profits tax in relation to any arrangements to which that section applies.

(2) Where, in pursuance of any such arrangement?, a person ceases to carry on all or any of the activities theretofore carried on by him in connection with his trade or business, or undertakes activities not theretofore carried on by him in connection with his trade or business, the cessation or undertaking of the activities shall not be treated as effecting a discontinuance of that trade or business or the setting up or commencement of a new trade or business.

(3) Any sum becoming payable, in pursuance of any such arrangements, to, or to the successor of, any such person as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection by any other person who was or has become a party to the arrangements, not being either a sum in the nature of a capital payment or interest on borrowed money or other consideration given for the use of borrowed money, shall—

(a) be allowed as a deduction in computing the profits of the trade or business of the person by whom the said sum becomes payable; and

(b) be treated as a trading receipt of the person to whom the said sum becomes payable and be taken into account accordingly in computing the profits of the trade or business of that person.

1941. Finance Act, 1941. Ch. 30.

(4) Where a person who, in pursuance of any such arrangements, ceases to cany on all or any of the activities theretofore carried on by him in connection with his trade or business, is a partnership or a company the directors whereof have a controlling interest therein, any sum becoming payable, in pursuance of the arrangements, to a partner in, or director of, that partnership or company by any other person who was or has become a party to the arrangements, not being either a sum in the nature of a capital payment or interest on borrowed money or other consideration given for the use of borrowed money, shall be treated (for all the purposes of the enactments relating to excess profits tax, including the purposes of the last preceding subsection) as if it had become payable to the partnership or company and had then become payable by the partnership or company to the partner or director as a distribution of profits, or as directors' remuneration, as the case may be.

(5) Where, in pursuance of any such arrangements, plant or machinery of any such person as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section remains unused during any period, the amount of any deduction allowable under paragraph 2 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, in respect of the wear and tear of that plant or machinery shall be computed as if the plant or machinery were in normal use.

(6) For the purposes of this section, the expression " person " includes a partnership.

38. Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 (which provides for an allowance for exceptional depreciation of certain assets) shall be amended in the manner set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

39. — (1) Where for the purposes of excess profits tax the profits arising in any chargeable accounting period fall to be ascertained, then, in applying the definition of the expression " income tax principles in subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, regard shall be had to the income tax law m force with respect to the year of assessment in which that chargeable accounting period ends:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to any provision of this or any other Act (whether parsed before or after this Act) which—

(a) applies to excess profits tax (with or without modifications) a specified provision of the law relating to die computation of profits or gains for the purposes of income tax; and

(b) directs that that provision shall apply to the computation for the purposes of excess profits tax of profits for specified chargeable accounting periods.

233

Part III. —cant.

Amendments as to exceptional depreciation.

General provisions as to computation of profits.

234

Part III.

—cont.

Director-

controlled

companies.

Amendment

of provisions relating to relief in respect of excess profits tax in

dominions

&c.

Provisions as to groups of companies.

Provisions as to the national defence contribution.

Ch. 30. Finance Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Ueo. 6.

(2) In ascertaining the profits arising in the standard period for the purpose of arriving at the standard profits in relation to any chargeable accounting period, the same principles shall be applied as those which (whether by virtue of subsection (1) of this section or otherwise) fall to be applied in ascertaining the profits arising in that chargeable accounting period.

40. In considering for the purposes of any of the enactments relating to excess profits tax whether the directors of a company have at any date a controlling interest therein, no body corporate shall be treated as a director unless it is at that date itself a company the directors whereof have a controlling interest therein.

41. In subsection (2) of section thirty of the Finance Act, 1940 (which provides for relief from excess profits tax where excess profits tax is also payable in a part of His Majesty's dominions), for the words "so, however, that the effect of the adjustment shall not be less favourable to the tax-payer than the effect of allowing the deduction '' there shall be substituted the words "so, however, that the effect of the adjustment, taken in conjunction with any adjustment in the said part of His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom, shall not be less favourable to the tax-payer than the effect of allowing the deduction ".

42. The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to bodies corporate which at any time are members of a group of companies within the meaning of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940.

43. — (1) The following provisions of this Part of this Act, that is to say—

(a) section thirty-six (which disallows certain payments in respect of war injuries to employees in computing profits for the purposes of excess profits tax); and

(b) section thirty-seven (which relates to the treatment for those purposes of trades dnd businesses affected by certain arrangements for the concentration of industry or business); and

(c) subsection (1) of section thirty-nine (which defines further the expression " income tax principles "),

shall apply to the national defence contribution as well as to excess profits tax, subject, however, to any necessary adaptations and modifications, and in particular as if—

(i) any reference to paragraph 2 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, were a reference to paragraph 3 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937; and

by

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

235

(ii) any reference to section fourteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, were a reference to section twenty of the Finance Act, 1937.

(2) Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, and subsection (1) of section thirty-three of me Finance Act, 1940 (which provide for an allowance for exceptional depreciation of certain assets in computing profits for the purposes of excess profits tax) shall apply to the computation of profits for the purposes of the national defence contribution as well as to the computation of profits for the purposes of excess profits tax, subject, however, to any necessary adaptations and modifications, and, in particular, as if—

(a) any references to an accounting period which constitutes or includes a chargeable accounting period were references to any accounting period beginning after the end of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and such part of any other accounting period as falls after the said end of March; and

(b) the reference to paragraph 2 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, were a reference to paragraph 3 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937.

44. Save as otherwise expressly provided, the amendments effected by the provisions of this Part of this Act shall, as respects excess profits tax, have effect with respect to tax for all chargeable accounting periods, whether before or after the passing of this Act, and, as respects the national defence contribution, have effect with respect to all accounting periods beginning on or after the first day of April* nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and so much of any accounting period beginning before that date as falls on or after that date.

Part IV.

MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL.

45. — (1) Property which, at any time during the period of the present emergency, is given absolutely before the death of the donor for the use of His Majesty, shall be exempt from estate duty on the death of the donor.

(2) In this section, the expression " the period of the present emergency" means the period beginning on the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending on such date as may be declared by His Majesty under the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, to be the date on which the

Part III.

—cont.

Date from which amendments are to operate.

Exemption from estate duty of gifts to His Majesty.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 67.

236

Part IV.

—cont.

Relief from death duties in case of deaths due to operations of war.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 21.

Extension of time for lodging stated cases.

Ch. 30. Finance A, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

emergency that was the occasion of the passing of that Act came to an end.

(3) This section shall bave effect and be deemed always to have had effect in relation to all deaths, whether occurring before or after the passing of this Act.

46. — (1) If, in the case of any death, it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that it is a death to which this section applies, they shall give the same relief from death duties as, under section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1924 (which relates to certain deaths of members of His Majesty's forces) is to be given in the cases to which that section applies; and the deaths to which this section applies shall be deemed, for the purposes of subsection (2) of section sixty-four of the Finance Act, 1940 (which provides %for the remission in certain cases of death duties on property passing on successive deaths), to be included among the deaths to which that subsection applies, and that subsection shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that the relief to be given under this subsection in the case of a married woman whose husband survives her shall be calculated as if, in the enactments referred to in section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1924, any reference to a widow included a reference to a surviving husband.

(2) This section applies to the death of any person from injuries received by him, whether before or after the passing of this Act, but during the period of the present emergency and within twelve months of his death, being injuries caused by the operations of war:

Provided that this section does not apply to deaths from such causes as are mentioned in section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1924, of persons to whom that section applies, or to deaths from such causes as are mentioned in subsection (1) of section sixty-four of the Finance Act, 1940, of persons to whom that subsection applies.

(3) In this section the expression " the period of the present emergency" means the period beginning on the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending on such date as may be declared by His Majesty under the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, to be the date on which the emergency that was the occasion of the passing of that Act came to an end.

47. — (1) Paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which provides that the party requiring a case to be stated shall transmit the case, when stated and signed, to the High Court or Court

Finance A, 1941.

Ch. 30.

237

1941.

of Session within seven days after receiving it) shall, in relation to cases to which this section applies, have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if for the words "seven days " there were substituted the words "twenty-one days

(2) This section applies to every case stated and signed under the said section one hundred and forty-nine, whether as originally enacted or as applied by any other enactment, being a case which was received not earlier than twenty-one days before the passing of this Act by the party who required it.

48. — (1) The Commissioners may, subject to such conditions as they may impose for the protection of the Revenue, remit the tax chargeable under subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, on the appropriation or application of any goods by a wholesale merchant or manufacturer, if they are satisfied—

(a) that the goods were appropriated or applied by way of gift to a charity; and

(b) that the goods were so appropriated or applied for the purpose of relieving distress and will be kept or distributed, or have been distributed, by the charity for that purpose.

(2) In this section the expression " charity" means any body of persons or trust established for charitable purposes.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with Part V of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

49. — (1) The permanent annual charge for the National Debt for the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-two, shall be the sum of two hundred and fifty-five million pounds instead of the sum of three hundred and fifty-five million pounds.

(2) The Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, for providing any sums required during the said financial year for the purposes mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1928, and the amount required by the said subsection (4) to be issued from the permanent annual charge for the National Debt for the purposes aforesaid in that year shall be decreased by the amount raised under this subsection.

(3) Any securities created and issued to raise money under the last preceding subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under the National Loans Act, 1939-

Part IV.

—cont.

Exemption from purchase tax of gifts by wholesalers and manufacturers for relief of distress.

Provisions as to

permanent annual charge for the

National

Debt.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

t^»

238

Ch. 30.

Finance A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Part IV. —cord. Amendment as to deficit for 1940-41. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 28.

Repeal of obligation of Crown to pay interest on funds in Court free of tax.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

Short title, construction and extent.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

50. No issue shall be made out of the Consolidated Fund under section forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1930 (which provides in the case of a deficit in any year for the redemption in the next year of a corresponding amount of debt) in respect of the deficit for the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

51. In subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty-one of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which provides that certain funds in court shall bear interest at the rate of two per cent, per annum together with any income tax chargeable thereon), the words " together with any income tax chargeable thereon " are hereby repealed as from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

52. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1941.

(2) Part I of this Act—

(a) so far as it relates to duties of customs, shall be construed as one with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876; and

(b) so far as it relates to duties of excise, shall be construed as one with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and to the management of those duties.

(3) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts.

(4) Part III of this Act, so far as it relates to excess profits tax, shall be construed as one with Part III of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

(5) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(6) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to death duties shall not extend to Northern Ireland. 7

(7) The enactments set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

1941.

Finance Act, 1941.

Ch. 30.

239

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE

Recovery etc. of tax assessed under Rule 8 of No. VII of

Schedule A.

Part I.

Provisions as to recovery from the landlord where he is not the person named in the assessment.

1. Legal proceedings shall not be instituted against a person as having been the landlord on the first day of January in the year of assessment (where he is not the person named in the assessment) until the expiration of twenty-one days from the service on him by the surveyor of a notice in writing, in the prescribed form, specifying the land and the amount of tax claimed and stating that it is intended to proceed against him for the recovery thereof as having been the landlord of that land on the first day of January in the year of assessment for which the assessment was made.

2. Any person served with such a notice may appeal to the General Commissioners on giving within the said period of twenty-one days notice in writing to the surveyor of his intention to appeal and stating the grounds of his appeal.

3. Any such appeal may be against the amount of the assessment or may be founded upon the contention that the appellant was not the landlord of the land on the said first day of January:

Provided that no such appeal shall lie against the amount of the assessment if an appeal has already been brought against it by him or by any other person under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts.

4. If any appeal is brought under this Schedule, or if any appeal is pending under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts at the date of the service of the notice, no legal proceedings shall be instituted against any such person as is mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule to recover the tax until the General Commissioners have determined the appeal.

5. Where no appeal is brought or is pending as aforesaid, it shall be conclusively presumed that the person on whom the notice was served was the landlord of the land on the said first day of January and that the amount of tax specified in the notice is due from him so far as it still remains unpaid; and where an appeal is brought or is pending as aforesaid, the same presumption shall be made except so far as it is inconsistent with the determination of the appeal.

Sections 12 and 15.

240

Ch. 30.

Finance A1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

ist Sch. 6. A certificate of the surveyor as to any of the following matters, —cont. that is to say, the service of such a notice as aforesaid, the contents of the notice, and the fact that no appeal was brought or pending as aforesaid, a certificate of the clerk to the General Commissioners as to the bringing and the results of any such appeal, and a certificate of the collector that the sum specified in the certificate has become due and remains unpaid in respect of the tax in respect of the land in question, being, in any case, a certificate in the prescribed form, shall, in any legal proceedings, be sufficient evidence of the facts stated in the certificate; and any document purporting to be any such certificate as it is mentioned in this paragraph shall be deemed to be such a certificate until the contrary is proved.

7. A person on whom a notice is served under this Schedule shall not thereafter be entitled to give notice of appeal against the assessment under paragraph 3 of Part II of the First Schedule to the Finance Act, 1930.

8. This Schedule applies to the distraining of a person by his goods and chattels or the poinding of the goods and effects of a person as it applies to the institution of legal proceedings against him.

Part II.

Recovery by requiring payment over of rent.

1. The collector may serve a notice in writing in the prescribed form on the landlord for the time being or on any other person who receives any rent paid in respect of the whole or any part of the land to which the assessment relates (being rent received in the right of the landlord or by virtue of an assignment or mortgage of, or charge on, some right of the landlord in, or in rent from, the whole or some part of the land) requiring the landlord or other such person as aforesaid to pay to the collector in or towards the satisfaction of the tax any sums from time to time received on account of rent, or as the case may be, such rent as aforesaid, until the liability in respect of the tax has been satisfied, and the person on whom the notice is served shall pay all such sums over to the collector accordingly and, if he is accountable for the rent to any other person, he shall be acquitted and discharged as against that other person by the payment.

2. If any landlord or other person on whom a notice has been duly served as aforesaid fails to comply with the requirements of the notice, he shall, in respect of each payment of rent with respect to which any such failure occurs, be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

Part III.

Recovery from occupiers.

1. The collector may from time to time by notice in writing in the prescribed form demand from the occupiers for the time being of all or any of the parts of the house or building payment, on the date or dates specified in the notice, of such sum or sums as may be required to satisfy the tax:

1941. Finance Act 1941. Ch. 30.

Provided that—

(a) no such notice shall demand from the occupier of any part payment of any sum on a date after the last date on which rent becomes due from him in respect of that part; and

(b) the sum demanded from the occupier of any part to be paid during any period during which rent is accruing due from him in respect of that part shall not exceed the amount of that rent becoming due at the end of that period.

2. In default of payment by any occupier of any amount duly demanded of him under this Part of this Schedule, that amount may be recovered from him in like manner as if he had been charged with tax of that amount.

3. Where any sum on account of the tax has been collected from an occupier in pursuance of this Part of this Schedule, he may deduct that sum from any subsequent payment on account of rent and shall be acquitted and discharged of the amount so deducted.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Maximum Percentages (Metals and Oil).

Period. Percentage.

The years 1946 to 1950 (inclusive) The years 1951 to i960 (inclusive) The years 1961 to 1970 (inclusive) The years 1971 to 1990 (inclusive)

30

20

10

5

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Amendments of Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

1. For sub-paragraph (1), the following sub-paragraph shall be substituted—

" (1) Where any buildings, plant or machinery have, after the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and thirty-seven, been provided for the purpose of the trade or business by the person carrying on the trade or business, then if either—

(a) on such date as Parliament may hereafter determine, the buildings, plant or machinery have, wholly or partially, become obsolete or ceased to be required and the value thereof is less than the net cost thereof; or

(b) the buildings, plant or machinery are sold before the said date at a price which is less than the net cost thereof,

and in either case the deficiency is wholly or mainly ascribable to conditions prevailing as a consequence of the present war and exceeds—

(i) the aggregate amount of any deductions for wear and tear or depreciation already allowed in respect of the buildings,

Q

24I

IS? Sch. —coni.

Section 31.

Section 38.

Ch. 30.

Finance Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

242

3rd Sch. plant or machinery otherwise than under this paragraph

—cont. (together with the appropriate proportion of any deductions for wear and tear or depredation given for income tax purposes for the year 1938-39 or any previous year of assessment); plus

(ii) any payments made or to be made under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of damage to the buildings, plant or machinery, other than payments in respect of damage made good before the said date or before the previous sale of the buildings, plant or machinery, as the case may be,

there shall be allowed in respect of each accounting period which constitutes or includes a chargeable accounting period such proportion of the excess as is properly attributable to that accounting period; and if any plant or machinery in respect of which an allowance has been made under this paragraph is replaced, no allowance other than that made under this paragraph shall be made in respect of the amount expended in replacement thereof.

The reference in this sub-paragraph to deductions for wear and tear shall be construed as including a reference to the additional percentage for which provision is made by paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule, and, in the case of a deduction for income tax purposes, to the additional deduction under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932, or under that section as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938.’*

2. For sub-paragraph (3) there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph—

" (3) In this paragraph, the expression net cost means, in relation to any buildings, plant or machinery, the cost of the provision thereof (being cost of a capital nature) less any sum provided, or to be provided, directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any other person other than the person or persons carrying on the trade or business, towards the cost of the provision of the buildings, plant or machinery, or towards any wear and tear or depreciation thereof, not being a sum provided, or to be provided, either by way of loan or under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1941; and references to Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, shall be construed as including references to any similar Act relating to war damage to which the said Part I does not apply.*

Section 42.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Groups of Companies.

1. Subsection (2) of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1940 (which contains provisions for securing that deficiencies occurring after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty, shall, so far as possible, be applied to reduce profits arising after the said end of March and deficiencies

Finance A, 1941.

Ch. 30.

243

[941.

xcurring before the said end of March shall, so far as possible, be applied to reduce profits arising before the said end of March) shall, in its application to a deficiency of profits of a body corporate for any chargeable accounting period during which it is a member of a group of companies, be construed as follows, that is to say—

(a) the references to profits (except in the phrase " deficiency of profits ") shall be construed as including all profits on which the principal company is assessable to excess profits tax; and

(b) the references to profits arising in another chargeable accounting period shall be construed as including references to profits arising in the same period but to another member of the group,

and the said subsection (2), so construed, shall have effect notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 6 of Part IV of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940 (which relates to deficiencies of members of groups of companies) as well as anything in subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939*

The reference in this paragraph to profits on which the principal company is assessable has the same meaning as in the said sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 6 of Part TV of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940.

2. Section twenty-eight of this Act (which provides for the repayment after the war of certain excess profits tax) shall, in relation to any body corporate which at any time while the tax is at the rate of a hundred per cent, is a member of a group of companies, have effect subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed by the Commissioners.

3. In section twenty-nine of this Act, and in section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940, as amended by the said section twenty, the expression " borrowed money " shall not include any borrowed money the debt in respect whereof is such a debt as is mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (ia) of section seventeen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

4. Section thirty of this Act (which relates to losses) shall, in relation to a member of a group of companies the trades or businesses of none of the members of which were being carried on on or before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) an increase shall only be allowed under subsection (1) thereof if the aggregation of all the profits and losses of all the trades or businesses of all the members of the group over the period mentioned in the said subsection (1) shows a net loss, and if such an increase is allowed, it shall in no case exceed such part of that net loss as may be determined by the Commissioners;

(b) for the purpose of ascertaining whether the condition specified in subsection (4) thereof is fulfilled, all the trades or businesses of all the members of the group shall be treated as one trade or business;

j (c) if the principal company is dissatisfied with any determination 1 of the Commissioners under sub-paragraph (a) of this para-

graph, it may appeal to the Board of Referees.

I Q 2

4TH SCH. —coni.

244 Ch. 30. Finance Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

4th Sch. 5. The powers of the Commissioners and the Board of Referees under

—coni> section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1940, as applied by the Fifth

Schedule to that Act, shall, in relation to any trade or business affected by any provision of this Act amending the said section, include power to proceed as if the provisions of the said Fifth Schedule so applying the said section were adapted and modified to such extent, if any, as they may think necessary in order to enable effect to be given to that amending provision.

6. — (1) In sub-paragraph (5) of paragraph 3 of Part III of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940, for the words " the Board of Referees " (in both places where those words occur) there shall be substituted the words "the Commissioners", and at the end of that sub-paragraph the following words shall be inserted—

"If the principal company is dissatisfied with any determination of the Commissioners under this sub-paragraph, it may appeal to the Board of Referees."

(2) For paragraph (i) of sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 3 of Part II of the said Fifth Schedule there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (;) notwithstanding anything in sub-section (8) of the said section, on the termination of a relevant period the Commissioners may, either on the application of the principal company or of their own motion, vary, as respects subsequent relevant periods, any determination in force under the said section with respect to that period, whether given originally or on appeal, if it appears to them that the circumstances have materially changed, and any decision of the Commissioners so to vary or not so to vary a determination shall be subject to an appeal by the principal company to the Board of Referees."

7. The references in subsection (2) of section thirty-four of this Act (which relates to the recovery of disallowed expenses for fees or services) to the person carrying on the trade or business shall, if that person is a body corporate which is a member of a group of companies, be construed as references to the principal company.

8. Where the standard profits of a group of companies fall to be ascertained under Part II of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940, any principles may be applied which would fall to be applied in ascertaining the profits of any chargeable accounting period falling wholly or partly within the relevant period as defined for the purposes of the said Part II; but in ascertaining, by reference to the standard profits of the group, the standard profits of any member thereof in relation to any chargeable accounting period, such adjustment, if any, shall be made as is necessary to produce the result which would have been produced if, in ascertaining the standard profits of the group, the same principles had been applied as those which fall to be applied in ascertaining the profits of I that chargeable accounting period.

9. Any reference in Part III of this Act to the minimum amount j

specified in subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act,

J

1941.

Finance A, 1941.

Ch. 30, 31.

245

1939, shall be construed as including a reference to the minimum standard as defined in paragraph 4 of Part II of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940.

10. Expressions have the same meanings in this Schedule as they have in the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 40 - The Income Tax Act, Rule 8 of the Rules applicable

1918. to Schedule B.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29 - The Finance Act, Subsection (2) of section four-

1940. teen; subsection (3) of section twenty-six; and in subsection (2) of section twenty-seven, the words "If the person carrying on the trade or business is dissat-

isfied with any determination of the Commissioners under this subsection he may appeal to the Board of Referees/*

CHAPTER 31.

Goods and Services (Price Control) Act, 1941. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Further provisions for preventing excessive prices and charges.

Section.

1. Power to fix maximum prices for goods.

2. Power to fix maximum charges for services in relation to goods.

3. Sale of second-hand goods.

4- Middlemen and brokers.

Amendments of principal Act.

5- Ascertainment of basic price.

6. Ascertainment of permitted increase.

7- Restriction of exemption of goods for export.

Supplemental.

8. Composite offers.

9- Holding up stocks.

10. Barter, mortgages and pledges.

4TB SCH. —coni.

Section 52.

246

Ch. 31.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Enforcement.

Section.

11. Price-regulation committees.

12. Inspectors.

13. Furnishing of invoices.

14. Accounts and information.

15. Offences in relation to accounts, &c.

16. General provisions as to offences.

Miscellaneous and General.

17. Provisions as to orders.

18. Application of provisions of principal Act.

19. Expenses.

20. Interpretation.

21. Application to Scotland.

22. Application to Northern Ireland.

23. Short title, construction, repeal and duration.

Schedules.

First Schedule.—Application of section ten of principal Act. Second Schedule.—Application of miscellaneous provisions of principal Act.

Third Schedule.—Provisions of principal Act repealed.

An Act to make further provision to prevent excessive prices being charged for goods and excessive charges being made for performing services in relation to goods (including hiring and subjecting to a process), ‘ to amend the Prices of Goods Act, 1939, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to fix maximum prices for goods.

Further provisions for preventing excessive prices and charges.

1. — (1) The Board of Trade may by order fix the maximum price to be charged, in the course of a business of any class specified in the order, for goods of any description so specified; and it shall be unlawful for any person in the course of any such business to sell, agree to sell or offer to sell, any such goods at a price which exceeds the maximum price fixed by the order in relation to that business.

(2) Any such order may fix different maximum prices to be charged in the course of businesses of different classes for the same description of goods.

(3) Any such order fixing the maximum price to be charged for goods of any description in the course of a business which includes the selling of the goods may require such steps as may be

1941.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Ch. 31.

247

specified in the order to be taken to bring the said price to the notice of persons to whom the goods are offered for sale in the course of the business.

(4) Any such order may, instead of specifying the maximum price to be charged in the course of a business of any class for goods of any description, direct that that price shall be computed in such manner and by reference to such matters as may be provided by the order.

(5) Where any such order contains such a direction as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection as respects the price to be charged for any goods in the course of any business, the provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act (which applies with modifications the provisions of section ten of the principal Act) shall have effect as respects the rights of a buyer of the goods under a sale or agreement effected in the course of that business in contravention of subsection (1) of this section.

(6) If any person sells, agrees to sell or offers to sell any goods in contravention of subsection (1) of this section he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act:

Provided that—

(a) where it is proved that an offer or agreement made in

contravention of the said subsection has been followed by an agreement or sale so made in pursuance of that offer or agreement, those transactions together shall be taken to constitute a single offence; and

(b) it shall be a defence for a person charged with a con-

travention of the said subsection to prove that, in relation to the matter in respect of which he is charged, he acted in the course of his employment as a servant or agent of another person on the instructions of his employer or of some other specified person.

(7) If* any of the provisions of any order made by virtue of subsection (3) of this section are not complied with as respects any business, the person carrying on the business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(8) As respects a sale of, or an agreement or offer to sell, any goods in the course of a business in relation to which a maximum price has been fixed for the goods by an order under this section, the provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of section one of the principal Act.

(9) Any order in force at the commencement of this Act under subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act specifying a price representing the permitted price that may be charged in the

248

Ch. 31.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 28.

Power to fix maximum charges for services in relation to goods.

course of a business of any class for goods of any description shall continue in force, and have effect as if it had been made under this section and as if the price so specified were a maximum price fixed under this section.

(10) Section fourteen of the principal Act as amended by this

Act (which excepts sales by auction or for export) shall apply for the purposes of this section as if references therein to that Act, and to any of the provisions thereof, included references to this section.

(11) The Board of Trade may by regulations prescribe a mark appearing to them to be suitable for indicating—

(a) that goods to which the mark may be applied are goods

of a description for which a maximum price has been fixed by an order for the time being in force under this section;

(b) that they are offered for sale in the course of a business . in relation to which a maximum price has been so fixed;

and

(c) that the price at which they are so offered for sale does not exceed the price so fixed;

and the use of a mark so prescribed shall be taken for the purposes of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887, to be a trade description within the meaning of that Act indicating those facts.

2. — (1) The Board of Trade may by order fix the maximum charge to be made, in the course of a business of any class specified in the order, for performing, in relation to goods of any description so specified, a service of any description so specified; and it shall be unlawful for any person in the course of any such business to perform, agree to perform, or offer to perform, any such service in relation to any such goods for a charge which exceeds the maximum charge fixed by the order in relation to that business and to those goods.

(2) Any such order may fix different maximum charges to be made in the course of businesses of different classes for the same service in relation to the same description of goods.

(3) Any such order fixing the maximum charge to be made in the course of a business of any class for performing a service may require such steps as may be specified in the order to be taken to bring the said charge to the notice of persons to whom offers are made to perform the service in the course of the business.

(4) Any such order may, instead of specifying the maximum charge to be made in the course of a business of any class for performing any service, direct that that charge shall be computed in such manner and by reference to such matters as may be provided by the order.

(5) Where any such order contains such a direction as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection as respects the

Goods and Services 1

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Ch. 31.

249

1941.

performance of any service in the course of any business, the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act (which applies with modifications the provisions of section ten of the principal Act) shall have effect as respects the rights of a person for whom that service is performed, or with whom an agreement is made to perform the service, in the course of that business in contravention of subsection (1) of this section.

(6) If any person performs, agrees to perform, or offers to perform, any service in contravention of subsection (1) of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act:

Provided that—

(a) where it is proved that an offer made in contravention of the said subsection has been followed by an agreement so made in pursuance of that offer, or that an agreement so made has been performed in contravention of the said subsection, those transactions together shall be taken to constitute a single offence; and

(b) it shall be a defence for a person charged with a contra-

vention of the said subsection to prove that, in relation to the matter in respect of which he is charged, he acted in the course of his employment as a servant or agent of another person on the instructions of his employer or of some other specified person.

3. — (1) If the Board of Trade are satisfied that excessive prices are being charged for second-hand goods of any description, either generally in the United Kingdom or in a particular part thereof, the Board may by order make provision for prohibiting (subject to the provisions of the order) the sale of second-hand goods of that description in the course of a business carried on in the United Kingdom or that part thereof unless the person carrying on the business is registered in accordance with the order.

(2) Any such order shall make provision—

(a) for enabling the Board, subject to an appeal to the referee

appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to the principal Act, to refuse to register, or to cancel the registration of, persons who appear to the Board to have charged excessive prices for second-hand goods to which the order applies or to have engaged in or been party to any practice which appears to the Board to have been calculated to raise the prices thereof unduly;

(b) for the application for the purposes of any such appeal,

subject-to any necessary modifications, of the provisions of the said Schedule other than provisions relating to assessors.

(3) If any of the provisions' of an order made under this section are contravened as respects any business, the person carrying on the business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

Sale of

second-hand

goods.

250

Ch. 31.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Middlemen and brokers.

Ascertainment of basic price.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4. — (1) The Board of Trade may by order make provision, as respects goods of any description to which the order applies, for prohibiting, except under licence and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the licence—

(a) the re-sale otherwise than by retail, in the course of any business which includes the selling of goods of that description, of any goods of that description which have been bought in the course of that business, not being goods imported, or bought from the manufacturer or importer thereof, in the course of that business; and

(b) the re-sale in the course of any such business of any goods

of that description which have been bought by retail in the course of that business:

Provided that no such order shall prohibit the re-sale of goods in the course of any business at a price not exceeding the price at which they were bought in the course of that business.

(2) Where any order in force by virtue of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, provides for controlling the quantity of goods of any description that may be supplied in any period by a person registered under the order, the Board of Trade may by regulations make provision for prohibiting (subject to the provisions of the regulations) the giving or receipt of any remuneration or reward t6 or by any person for procuring the sale of goods of that description by a person so registered.

(3) If any of the provisions of an order made under this section, or any of the conditions specified in a licence issued under such an order, are contravened as respects any business, the person carrying on the business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and if any person contravenes any of the provisions of regulations made under this section, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

Amendments of principal Act

5. — (1) The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act^—

" (1) The Board of Trade may by order fix, in relation to price-regulated goods of any description and in relation to any business or businesses of any class—

(a) the price which is to be taken for all the purposes

of this Act to be the basic price; and

(b) the date as at which the basic price so fixed is to be

taken to be ascertained for the purpose of computing the permitted increase under section four of this Act;

1941- Goods and Services Ch. 31. 251

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

and, while such an order is in force, it shall have effect, in relation to goods of the description and the business or businesses of the class to which it relates, in substitution for the foregoing provisions of this Act relating to the ascertainment of the basic price".

(2) The Board of Trade may pay to any person appointed to act as deputy for the referee under paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the principal Act (which relates to appeals against orders specifying a basic price) such remuneration as the Board, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine, and such expenses of any such person as the Board and the Treasury approve shall be defrayed by the Board.

6. — (1) The Board of Trade may by order direct that the Ascertainment First Schedule to the principal Act (which specifies the matters ?f permitted to which regard is to be had in fixing the permitted increase) shall increase-

be amended by omitting or altering any of the matters specified therein or adding any other matter to the matters so specified.

(2) Any such order may contain different directions as respects different classes of business.

(3) Any such order may provide that it shall be deemed to have had effect in relation to transactions effected before the order came into operation in cases where the amount of the permitted increase at the time when the transaction was effected was less than it would have been if the order had then been in operation.

(4) No order shall be made under the foregoing provisions of this section unless a draft thereof has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) Any order in force at the commencement of this Act under the said First Schedule adding any matter to the matters specified therein shall continue in force and have effect as if it had been made under this section. 7

7. For the purpose of subsection (2) of section fourteen of the principal Act (which exempts from that Act goods intended for export), goods intended for export as packing materials for, or containers of, other goods intended for export shall be treated as if they were not intended for export; and accordingly that subsection shall have effect as if—

(a) after the word "export " where it first occurs, there

were inserted the words "otherwise than as packing materials for, or containers of, other goods intended for export"; and

(b) at the end of the subsection there were inserted the

words " otherwise than as aforesaid".

Restriction of exemption of goods for export.

252

Composite

offers.

Holding np stocks.

Ch. 31. Goods and Services 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Supplemental.

8. — (1) Where a person (hereafter in this subsection referred to as " the offerer ") offers in the course of any business to enter into a transaction for a consideration to be given as a whole both in respect of a matter to which this section applies and in respect of some other matter (whether or not being or including a matter to which this section applies), any person to whom the offer is made may require the offerer to state to him in writing—

(a) what part of the consideration the offerer assigns to the

matter to which this section applies; or

(b) if the matters in respect of which the consideration is to

be given are or include two or more matters to which this section applies, the several parts of the consideration which the offerer assigns to any one or more of those matters.

The matters to which this section applies are the sale of any price-controlled goods and the performance of any price-controlled service.

(2) The Board of Trade or a price-regulation committee may, at any time within twenty-one days beginning with the day on which any person has offered to enter into such a transaction as aforesaid, by notice in writing require him to make to the Board or the committee, as the case may be, such a statement as aforesaid.

(3) Where, in pursuance of a requirement made under this section, a person making an offer states what part of the consideration he assigns to the sale of any price-controlled goods or to the performance of any price-controlled service, he shall be deemed, for all the purposes of this Act and the principal Act, to have offered to sell those goods, or to perform that service, for the part of the consideration so stated.

(4) If a requirement made under this section as respects an offer made in the course of any business is not complied with, the person carrying on the business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

9.-(i) If-

(a) a person carrying on a business in the course of which

price-controlled goods of any description are normally sold has in his possession in the course of that business a stock of goods of that description; and

(b) the said person, or any person employed by him to sell

goods in the course of the business, when asked by any other person (hereafter in this section referred to as

1941.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Ch. 31.

253

" the buyer ") to sell goods of that description or whether he or his employer has such goods for sale—

(i) refuses to sell the goods, or denies that he or his employer has the goods, or uses any words, or gives any other indication, calculated to lead the buyer to suppose that he or his employer has not got the goods or will not or can not sell them; or

(ii) offers to sell the goods subject to a condition requiring the buying of any other goods (whether price-controlled or not) or the making of any payment in respect of any service, or subject to any other condition, except a condition that the buyer shall pay the price forthwith or take delivery within a reasonable time;

the person carrying on the business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(2) It shall be a defence for a person charged with any such offence to prove that the sale of the goods, or the sale thereof without the fulfilment of a condition proposed by him or a person employed by him, would, having regard to the quantity of goods which he or that person was requested to sell or any other consideration—

(a) be contrary to the normal practice of his business;

or

(b) involve a breach of some obligation lawfully binding

on him; or

(c) interfere with arrangements made by him for an orderly disposal of his stocks amongst his regular customers.

10. — (1) It shall not be lawful for any person in the course of Barter, any business to transfer, agree to transfer, or offer to transfer to mortgages another person the property in any price-controlled goods, whether and Pledges* with or without any further consideration, for a consideration which consists of or includes the transfer by that other person of the property in other goods, whether price-controlled or not.

(2) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, references to the transfer by any person of the property in goods shall include references to the transfer of his interest in goods the property in or possession of which he has for the time being transferred to another person as security for a debt.

(3) If any of the foregoing provisions of this section are contravened as respects any business, the person carrying on the business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(4) Where, in the course of any business, a person transfers, agrees to transfer, or offers to transfer to another person for

254

Ch. 3i.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Price- regulation committees* a money consideration his interest in any price-controlled goods, the property in or possession of which he has for the time being transferred to a third person as security for a debt, he shall be deemed for all the purposes of the principal Act and this Act to have sold, agreed to sell or offered to sell those goods to the second mentioned person for a price equal to the sum of the following amounts, namely— (a) the amount of the said money consideration; (6) the amount of the said debt and any interest payable thereon; and (c) the amount of any charges payable to the said third person in respect of the goods. Enforcement. 11. — (1) The provisions of subsections (2), (4), (5) and (6) of section eight of the principal Act (which relate to the powers and duties of price-regulation committees as respects the supervision of the enforcement of the provisions of that Act) shall have effect in relation to the enforcement of the foregoing provisions of this Act and any order made thereunder, and to any contravention thereof, as they have effect in relation to the enforcement of the provisions of the principal Act, and to contraventions of section one thereof. (2) A local price-regulation committee shall keep under review— (a) the prices at which goods are being offered for sale in their locality; and (b) the charges which are being made in their locality for performing services in relation to goods; and if it appears to them to be expedient— (i) that an order under section two of the principal Act or section one or three of this Act should be made in relation to any goods; or (ii) that an order under section two of this Act should be made as respects the performance of any service in relation to any goods; they shall make a representation to that effect to the central price-regulation committee. (3) The expenses of a price-regulation committee which may be paid by the Board of Trade under section eight of the principal Act shall include such expenses incurred by any person in attending before the committee under subsection (2) or subsection (5) of the said section eight as may be defrayed by the committee with the approval of the Board.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Ch. 31.

255

1941.

12. — (1) For the purposes of enforcing the provisions of the Inspectors, principal Act and this Act, the Board of Trade may appoint

such number of inspectors, and pay to them such remuneration and expenses, as the Board with the approval of the Treasury may determine.

(2) An inspector appointed under this section shall, for the purposes aforesaid, have power at all reasonable times, on production of a certificate of his appointment—

(a) to enter any premises occupied for the purpose of a busi-

ness which he has reason to believe to include the selling of any goods or the performance in relation to any goods of any service;

(b) to inspect any goods found on any such premises;

(c) to require any person carrying on or employed in con-

nection with any such business—

(i) to produce to, and allow to be examined by, him any accounts, books or other documents in the custody or under the control of the person so required, being documents relating to that business the examination of which he may reasonably require for the purposes of this Act or the principal Act; and

(ii) to furnish to him any information as respects that business which he may reasonably require for the said purposes.

(3) If any person obstructs an inspector in the exercise of the powers conferred upon him by this section, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

13. — (1) The Board of Trade may by order make provision for Furnishing of requiring that, where price-controlled goods are sold in the course invoices.

of a business and bought in the course of another business, the person carrying on the first-mentioned business (hereafter in this section referred to as " the seller ") shall furnish an invoice to the person carrying on the second-mentioned business (hereafter in this section referred to as " the buyer ").

(2) Any such order may provide—

(a) for the application of the order either to all price-controlled goods or to price-controlled goods of such descriptions as may be prescribed, and either to all businesses or to businesses of such classes as may be prescribed;

(b) for requiring an invoice furnished under the order to

contain the prescribed particulars, being particulars which appear to the Board to be material for determining whether section one of the principal Act or subsection (1) of section one of this Act has been contravened;

256

Ch. 31.

Gooas and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Accounts and information.

Offences in relation to accounts, &c.

(c) for requiring the buyer—

(i) in the eyent of his not receiving an invoice containing the prescribed particulars, to demand such an invoice and inform the seller that he is buying in the course of a business to which the order applies;

(ii) to give notice to the prescribed person of any failure by the seller to furnish an invoice in accordance with the order; and

(iii) to preserve for the prescribed period any invoice furnished to him in accordance with the order.

(3) In this section the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by an order under this section.

(4) If any of the provisions of any order made under this section are not complied with by a person carrying on a business, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

14, —(1) The Board of Trade may—

(a) by notice in writing require any person carrying on a

business which includes the selling of any price-controlled goods or second-hand goods or the performance of any price-controlled service; or

(b) by order require all persons carrying on businesses which

include the selling of any price-controlled goods or second-hand goods of a description specified in the order or the performance of any price-controlled service of a description so specified;

to keep such books, accounts and other records in relation to the business, and in such form, and containing such particulars with respect to such matters, as may be specified in the notice or order.

(2) The Board of Trade, or a price regulation committee, may by notice in writing require any person carrying on a business which includes the selling of any goods (whether price-controlled goods or not) or the performance in relation to any goods of any service (whether a price-controlled service or not)—

(a) to produce to, and allow to be examined by, a person specified in the notice such books, accounts or other documents in the custody or under the control of the person so required as may be specified or described in the notice, being documents relating to that business the examination of which may reasonably be required for the purposes of this Act or the principal Act; and

(b) to furnish to a person so specified such information as

respects that business as may reasonably be required for the purposes of this Act or the principal Act.

15. — (1) If any person makes default—

(a) in complying with a notice or order given or made under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section; or

1941* Goods and Services Ch. 31.

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

(b) in producing or furnishing any book, account or other document or any information which he is required under this Act to produce or furnish;

he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and if after being so convicted he continues to make the like default, he shall be guilty of a further offence under this Act and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds for each day on which the default continues after the first mentioned conviction, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) If any person—

(a) being required under this Act to produce any book, account or other document, produces with intent to deceive any book, account or other document which he knows to be false in a material particular; or

(&) being required under this Act to furnish any information, or in reply to any inquiry made by or on behalf of the Board of Trade or a price-regulation committee with respect to any matter which may affect the exercise of their powers under this Act or the principal Act, makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular;

he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

16. — (1) Any person guilty of any offence under this Act for which no other penalty is expressly provided shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding three months, or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding two years, or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

(2) Where a person, not being a body corporate, is charged with an offence under any provision of this Act which expressly provides that the person carrying on a business shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, it shall be a defence for him to prove that the act or default in respect of which he is charged was committed by some other person without his consent or connivance, and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the act or default as he ought to have exercised having regard to all the circumstances.

R

General' provisions to offences

258

Ch. 31.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. t

Provisions as to orders.

(3) On the third or any subsequent occasion on which a person is found guilty of an offence to which this subsection applies, the court may, on the application of the Attorney General, or on the application of the prosecutor made with the consent of the Attorney General, make such order, having effect during such period, as the court thinks fit for preventing the offender from carrying on, or being concerned directly or indirectly in the carrying on of, the business in the course of which the transaction constituting the offence was effected, or any branch of that business, or any business or branch of a business of a similar character; and any person contravening an order made under this subsection shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to penal servitude for a term

not less than three years and not exceeding five years.

(4) Where a person convicted on indictment of any offence to which this subsection applies is a body corporate, no provision in this Act or the principal Act limiting the amount of the fine which may be imposed shall apply to the body corporate and the body corporate shall be liable to such fine as the court thinks just.

(5) Section eighteen of the principal Act (which relates to offences by corporations) shall have effect as if references to a contravention of any of the provisions of that Act included references to a contravention of or failure to comply with any of the provisions of this Act or any order or regulations made thereunder.

(6) Subsections (3) and (4) of this section apply to the following offences, namely—

(a) any offence under subsection (1) of section seven of the principal Act, whether committed before or after the commencement of this Act; and

(b) any offence under this Act.

Miscellaneous and General.

17. — (1) No order shall be made by the Board of Trade under any provision of this Act, or under section five of the principal Act as amended by this Act, except after consultation with the central price-regulation committee.

(2) An order made under any provision of this Act, other than an order amending the First Schedule to the principal Act, shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which the order is laid before it,

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Ch. 31.

259

1941.

resolves that the order be annulled, it shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new order.

(3) In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, 00 account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(4) The definition in an order for any of the purposes of this Act of a class of business may be framed by reference to any circumstances whatsoever.

18. The provisions of the principal Act set out in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply for the purposes of this Act subject to the modifications respectively specified in the second column of that Schedule.

19. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any expenses incurred by the Board of Trade under this Act and any increase in the expenses of the Board under the principal Act which is attributable to the passing of this Act.

20. — (1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" business", unless the context otherwise requires, includes a branch of a business;

" performance of a price-controlled service", in relation to any business, means the performance in relation to goods of any description of a service for the performance of which, in the course of that business and in relation to those goods, a maximum charge has been fixed by an order for the time being in force under this Act;

"price-controlled goods", in relation to any business, means—

(a) price-regulated goods of any description; and

(b) goods of a description for which a maximum price has been fixed in relation to that business by an order for the time being in force under this Act;

" the principal Act" means the Prices of Goods Act, 1939.

’(2) References in this Act to the performance of a service in relation to goods include references to the hiring of goods and the subjecting of goods to any process.

(3) References in this Act to a business that includes the selling of goods or goods of any particular description, or the performance of a service, or a service of any particular description, in relation to goods, include references to a business which

Application of provisions of principal Act.

Expenses.

Interpretation.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. xi8.

26o

Ch. 31.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Application to Scotland.

Application to Northern Ireland.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Short title, construction, repeal and duration.

consists wholly of the selling of goods or goods of that description, or of performing a service, or a service of that description, in relation to goods.

(4) In this Act and the principal Act, references to an offer to sell goods include references to a notification by a person—

(a) of the price proposed by him for a sale of goods, whether

made by the publication of a price list, by exposing the goods for sale in association with a mark indicating price, by the furnishing of a quotation or otherwise howsoever; or

(b) of the price proposed by him for goods which he has

sold or agreed to sell in such circumstances that the buyer is liable to pay a reasonable price therefor, whether made by furnishing an account or otherwise howsoever,

and references in this Act to an offer to perform a service or to enter into a transaction shall be construed similarly as including a reference to a notification of the consideration proposed for the service or transaction, whether made before or after the performance of the service or the carrying out of the transaction.

(5) References in this Act to a person carrying on a business include references to a person employed to manage a business by the person carrying it on.

21. For the purposes of the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) references to subsection (5) and subsection (6) of section

eight of the principal Act shall be construed as references to the subsections respectively substituted therefor by section twenty-one of that Act; and

(b) subsection (3) of section sixteen of this Act shall have

effect as if for any reference to an application by or with the consent of the Attorney General there were substituted a reference to an application by or on behalf of the Lord Advocate.

22. — (1) For the purposes of the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, references to the Attorney General and to summary conviction shall be construed in like manner as in the principal Act.

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day.

23. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Goods and Services (Price Control) Act, 1941, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and this Act and that Act may be cited together as the Goods and Services (Price Control) Acts, 1939 and 1941.

1941.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

Ch. 31.

261

(2) The provisions of the principal Act set out in the first column of the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the second column of that Schedule 1

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall—

(a) affect any order made before the commencement of this

Act under subsection (2) of section seven of the principal Act; or

(b) affect the operation of section nine of the principal Act

in relation to any-offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

(3) This Act shall continue in force so long as the principal Act continues in force.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Application of Section Ten of Principal Act.

Part I.

Sale of maximum price goods.

1. The following provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where an order is made by virtue of subsection (4) of section one of this Act directing that the maximum price to be charged in the course of a business of any class for goods of any description shall be computed in such manner and by reference to such matters as may be provided by the order.

2. Where a prosecution has been instituted in respect of a sale of, or an agreement or offer to sell, any goods to which any such direction relates in the course of a business to which any such direction relates at a particular price, and the person charged has been found guilty, then—

(a) if the prosecution was in respect of a sale or agreement, the

buyer under that sale or agreement; and

(b) whether the prosecution was in respect of a sale or agreement

or of an offer, the buyer under any sale of similar goods, or under any agreement to sell similar goods, effected at the same or a higher price in the course of that business in contravention of subsection (1) of section one of this Act before the date of the finding;

shall have the following rights, exercisable subject as hereinafter provided at his option.

Sections i, 2, 6.

262

Ch. 31.

Goods and Services

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

ist Sch. 3. He shall have the right to treat the sale or agreement as avoided,

—coni. and to recover from the seller, as money received by the seller for his

use, any amount paid by him as consideration therefor:

Provided that he shall not be entitled to exercise the right conferred by this paragraph if any rights acquired by a third party would be prejudiced by his so doing, or after the lapse of an unreasonable time from the date of the sale or agreement, or, in the case of a sale, unless he tenders the goods to the seller in substantially the same state as that in which they were when the property passed to him.

4. He shall have the right to affirm the sale or agreement, but to recover as aforesaid to the extent of any loss sustained by him by reason of the contravention, regard being had to any consideration received or to be received by him for a re-sale of, or an agreement to re-sell, the goods.

5. Any sum recoverable by virtue of this Part of this Schedule shall be recoverable with interest thereon at the rate of five per cent, per annum from the date when it was paid.

6. The rights conferred by this Part of this Schedule shall not be exercisable by a person who is himself liable to punishment by reason of his having aided, abetted, counselled or procured the contravention in question.

Part II.

Performance of price-controlled services.

1. The following provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where an order is made under section two of this Act directing that the maximum charge to be made in the course of a business of any class for the performance of a service of any description in relation to goods of any description shall be computed in such manner, and by reference to such matters as may be provided by the order.

2. Where a prosecution has been instituted in respect of the performance of, or an agreement or offer to perform, any service of a description to which any such direction relates in the course of a business to which any such direction relates for a particular sum, and the person charged has been found guilty, then—

(a) if the prosecution was in respect of the performance of, or an

agreement to perform, a service, the person for whom the service was performed or with whom the agreement was made; and

(b) whether the prosecution was in respect of the performance of a

service or an agreement or offer to perform a service, any person for whom a similar service was performed, or any person with whom an agreement was made to perform a similar service, for the same or a higher charge in the course of that business in contravention of subsection (1) of section two of this Act before the date of the finding;

shall have the following rights, exercisable, subject as hereinafter provided at his option.

I941- Goods and Services Ch. 3i-

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

3. In the case of an agreement to perform a service no part of which has been performed, he shall have the right to treat the agreement as avoided, and to recover from the person who agreed to perform the service, as money received by that person for his use, any amount paid by him as consideration therefor:

Provided that he shall not be entitled to exercise the right conferred by this paragraph if any rights acquired by a third party would be prejudiced by his so doing, or after the lapse of an unreasonable time from the date of the agreement.

4. He shall in any case have the right to affirm the performance of the service or the agreement to perform it, but to recover as aforesaid to the extent of any loss sustained by him by reason of the contravention.

5. Any sum recoverable by virtue of this Part of this Schedule shall be recoverable with interest thereon at the rate of five per cent, per annum from the date when it was paid.

6. The rights conferred by this Part of this Schedule shall not be exercisable by a person who is himself liable to punishment by reason of his having aided, abetted, counselled or procured the contravention in question.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Application of miscellaneous provisions of Principal Act.

Provision of principal Act.

Subject Matter

Modifications.

Section fifteen ...

... Saving for rights of innocent

References to the principal Act shall be construed as

Section seventeen

parties.

... Restriction on disclosure of information.

including references to this Act and any order or regulation made thereunder.

References to the principal Act shall be construed as including references to this Act.

Subsections (1), (2), (3) and (5) of section nineteen.

Powers of Board of Trade for purposes of Act.

References to the principal Act shall be construed as including references to this Act, and in subsections (1) and (3) references to an order shall be construed as including references to a regulation.

263

1ST SCH. —cont.

Section 18.

264

Section 23.

Annual duties (continuation).

Ch. 31, 32. Goods and Services 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Price Control) Act, 1941.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Principal Act Repealed.

Provision. Extent of Repeal.

Section five ... Subsection (6).

Section six ... The whole section.

Section seven ... ... Subsection (2).

Section eight ... Subsections (3) and (7).

Section nine ... The words from " or to prove that " to the end of the section.

Section eleven ... ... The whole section.

Section twelve ... ... The whole section.

Section thirteen ... The whole section.

Section sixteen ... Subsections (1) and (2).

Section nineteen ... In the proviso to subsection (2) the words " or under section six"; and subsection (4).

Section twenty ... The whole section.

Section twenty-one ... Paragraph (a).

The First Schedule ... The words "Any other matter specified in an order made by the Board of Trade under this Schedule".

The Second Schedule ... In sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1, the words "or six *\

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the

Isle of Man.

[22nd July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duties of customs imposed on goods removed or imported into the Isle of Man, being goods of the descriptions set out in the first column of the following Table, by the respective enactments set out in

1941- Isle of Man ( Customs) Ch. 32. 265

Act, 1941.

the second column of that Table, shall continue to be payable until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two:—

Table.

Description of goods.

Enactment imposing duty.

Ale and beer

Cocoa

Hops and extracts, essences and other similar preparations (other than hop oil) made from hops.

Hop oil

Matches

Silk and artificial silk and articles made wholly or in part from silk or artificial silk.

Spirits

Sweets

Tea

Tobacco

Wines

Section 1 of the Act of 1940. Section 4 of the Act of 1924. Section 5 of the Act of 1925.

Section 3 of the Act of 1929.

Section 6 of the Act of 1940.

Section 7 of the Act of 1925, as amended by section 8 of the Act of 1926, section 9 of the Second Act of 1932, section 4 of the Act of 1933, section 3 of the Act of 1936 and section 3 of the Act of 1937.

Section 2 of the Act of 1940.

Section 4 of the Act of 1940.

Section 5 of the Act of 1938./

Section 5 of the Act of 1940.

Section 3 of the Act of 1940.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 49 14 ft isGeo. 5.

c. 34.

xj ft 16 Geo. 5.

c. 36.

30 ft ax Geo. 5. c. x.

x6 & 17 Geo. 3. c. 37.

33 & 33 Geo. 3. c. 41.

33 & 34 Geo. 5*

c. 40.

36 Geo. 3. & x Edw. 8. c. 43* x Edw. 8. & x Geo.6. c. 64.

x ft 3 Geo. 6. c. 68

(2) Where any enactment set out in the second column of the foregoing Table confers power on the Governor to make orders varying or repealing the duties of customs payable on the goods referred to in that enactment or imposing a new duty on such goods, the provisions of that enactment relating to the said power shall continue in force until the said first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any orders made in pursuance of any such power (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) which are for the time being in force.

(3) References in the foregoing Table to sections two, three, four and five of the Act of 1940 shall be construed as references to such of the provisions of those sections as are in operation at the commencement of this Act.

2. This Act may be dted as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, Short title. 1941.

266

Ch. 33.

Local Government 4 5 Geo. 6.

(Financial Provisions) Act, 1941.

Extension of third fixed grant period. 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 22.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Stabilisation of Supplementary Exchequer Grants for term of extension.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to extend the third fixed grant period under the Local Government Act, 1929, and to make provision for the stabilisation of Supplementary Exchequer Grants, and the continuance of schemes as to health services, during the term of such extension; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The third fixed grant period, that is to say, the period for which the amount of the General Exchequer Contribution to be paid under section eighty-six of the Local Government Act, 1929 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), was fixed by the Local Government (Financial Provisions) Act, 1937, shall be extended so as to continue until such date after the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as Parliament may hereafter determine, and references to the third or any subsequent fixed grant period, whether express or implied, in the principal Act, in the said Act of 1937, in any other enactment, and in any order, regulations, scheme or other instrument made under any enactment, including (unless the contrary intention appears therein) an enactment or instrument passed or made after the date of the passing of this Act, shall be construed accordingly.

2. For the sixth and each succeeding year of the third fixed grant period—

(a) the amount to be added under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section ninety-four of the principal Act in respect of any separately rated area in a county district to the sum which apart from that section would be payable as the General Exchequer Grant of the council of that district,

(b) the amount to be paid under paragraph (6) of subsection

(1) of section ninety-seven of the principal Act to the council of a county borough, and

(c) the amount to be credited under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one hundred of the principal Act to a separately rated area in the county of London,

shall, notwithstanding the provisions of those paragraphs respectively as to the annual reduction of such amounts and notwithstanding the provisions of section six of the Local

1941*

Loco/ Government (Financial Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 33.

267

Government (Financial Provisions) Act, 1937, be the same as that which fell to be added as aforesaid in respect of the fifth year of that period, or to be paid for that year, or to be credited in that year, as the case may be:

Provided that this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of section one hundred and four of the principal Act (which confers on the Minister a power to reduce grants in the circumstances therein mentioned).

3. — (1) Any scheme whereby provision was made in relation to the fifth year of the third fixed grant period—

(a) under section ninety-three of the principal Act, for •increasing the sum to be set aside out of a county apportionment in respect of a district the council of which had established a maternity and child welfare committee, or

(b) under section one hundred and one or section one hundred

and two. of the principal Act, for the payment of contributions to voluntary associations or to the King Edward the Seventh Welsh National Memorial Association in respect of maternity and child welfare or other health services,

shall (subject to the powers of alteration and revocation conferred by subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-one, and subsection (5) of section one hundred and one, of the principal Act) have effect in all respects as if the scheme had extended to the sixth and each subsequent year of the said period and had made in relation to each of those years the same provision as in relation to the fifth year of the said period, or, where the scheme made different provision in relation to different parts of that year, as in relation to the last part thereof.

(2) In the case of a scheme which had effect in relation to the fifth year or, as the case may be, the last part of the fifth year of the said period subject to alterations, the reference in subsection (1) of this section to the provision thereby made in relation to that year or, as the case may be, the last part of it shall be construed as a reference to the provision made in relation to that year or part of that year by the scheme as altered.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Financial Provisions) Act, 1941, and shall be construed as one with Part VI of the principal Act, and this Act and the Local Government Acts, 1929 and 1937, may be cited together as the Local Government Acts, 1929 to 1941.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment or any provision of any enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment or provision as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

Continuance for term of extension of schemes as to health services.

Short title, construction and citation.

268 Ch. 34. Repair of War Damage 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

1941.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, and the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939.

[22nd July 1941.]

DE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Where under section one of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939 (which empowers local authorities to repair buildings which are unfit for housing purposes by reason of war damage) a local authority propose to serve on the person having control of a building a notice of their intention to execute works for rendering the building fit for housing purposes, it shall not be necessary for the authority to be satisfied, before they serve the notice, that the said person is unable or unwilling to carry out the works necessary to render the building so fit; but if, after considering any representations made by the said person, the authority are satisfied that he is able and willing to carry out the said works, they shall withdraw the notice.

(2) Where under the said section one a local authority serve on the person having control of a building a notice of their intention to execute works at the expiration of the period specified in the notice, and within that period the said person gives to the authority notice in writing that he does not object to the execution by the authority of the works specified in the notice, the authority may execute those works before the expiration of the said period.

(3) The proviso to the said section one (which empowers a local authority, in the case of temporary repairs which are immediately necessary to avoid danger to health, to carry out the repairs without previously serving a notice of their intention to do so) is hereby repealed, and at the end of that section there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (2) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by the foregoing subsection, where any building, whether a house or not, is in any respect unfit for housing purposes by reason of war damage, any urgent repairs to the building which appear expedient for avoiding danger to health or preventing the deterioration of the building may be executed by a local authority, and any person authorised by the local authority may enter upon the building for the purpose of executing the repairs."

Amendment and extension of s. 1 of 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

c. 73-

Repair of War Damage Act, 1941.

Ch. 34.

269

1941.

(4) Any power conferred by the said section one, as amended by this section, to enter upon a building includes power to use such force as is reasonably necessary for effecting an entry in any case where it appears expedient to use such force in order to avoid undue delay.

(5) The powers conferred by the said section one, as amended by this section, shall be exercisable in relation to buildings in the Isles of Sdlly, and shall be so exercisable by the Council of the said Isles.

2. After subsection (1) of section three of the Housing Loans to local (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, (which empowers the Minister authorities

of Health to make loans for the purposes of that Act) there shall be inserted the following subsection :— to housing

" (ia) The Minister of Health may lend money, on accommoda-such terms as he, with the approval of the Treasury, ^°1^vlded may fix, to any such local authority as is hereinafter y mentioned for the purpose of repairing, whether temporarily or permanently, war damage to housing accommodation provided by the local authority; and, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a local authority may borrow for the said purpose on the terms so fixed.

The local authorities referred to in this subsection are the councils of county boroughs and county districts, the London County Council, the common council of the City of London and the councils of metropolitan boroughs.’*

3. For the definition of "war damage " in the Housing Amendment (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, and the Essential Buildings of definition and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939, there shall be substituted the definition set out in subsections (1) and (2) of

section eighty of the War Damage Act, 1941. J *25 Geo. 4 5 6'

4. Subsection (5) of section three of the Essential Build- Loans

ings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939 (which under s. 2 of provides for charges to secure loans under section two of that ^Ac) 6* Act to persons other than companies or certain local authorities) certain shall not apply to a loan under the said section two to any authorities, authority which is a local authority for the purposes of the Local Loans Act, 1875. 38 & 39 Vict.

c. 83.

5. Any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act Increases in in the amount of the loans made under the Housing (Emergency loans and Powers) Act, 1939, and the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair repayments

of War Damage) Act, 1939, shall be defrayed out of moneys tended Acts, provided by Parliament; and any increase so attributable in the sums received by way of repayment of such loans shall be paid into the Exchequer.

270

Ch. 34.

Repair of War Damage Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Minor and consequential

am«*nHirw»nta

of Acts.

Provisions as to Scotland.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 34.

Short title and com* mencement.

Section 6.

6. The amendments of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, and the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939, set out in the Schedule to this Act, being minor amendments or amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act, shall have effect.

7. — (1) At the end of subsection (1) of section four of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, there shall be added the following words—

" and as if in subsection (ia) of section three for the words from the councils of county boroughs to the end of the subsection there were substituted the words county and town councils

(2) In the subsection directed by paragraph (d) of section five of the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939, to be substituted for subsections (4) and (5) of section three of that Act, after the words "other than a local authority " there shall be inserted the words "or any other authority which is a local authority within the meaning of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891"; and in the definition of "local authority " directed by paragraph (e) of the said section five to be substituted for the definition of "local authority " in subsection (1) of section four of the said Act, after the words "‘ local authority means " there shall be inserted the words "(except where the context otherwise requires)

8. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Repair of War Damage Act, 1941.

(2) This Act shall be deemed to have come into operation immediately after the coming into operation of the Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, and the Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939.

SCHEDULE.

Minor and Consequential amendments of Housing (Emergency Powers)

Act, 1939.

1. Paragraph (d) of section one shall not have effect, and for paragraph (ii) of that section there shall be substituted the following paragraphs:—

" (ii) if within the said period the person having control of the building gives to the local authority notice in writing that he does not object to the execution by the local authority of the works specified in the notice, the local authority may

Repair of War Damage Act, 1941.

CH.34.

271

1941.

execute those works, and any person authorised by the local authority may, for the purpose of executing the works, enter upon the building;

(iii) in any other case the local authority shall, at or after the expiration of the period specified in the notice served by them, consider any representations made within that period by the person having control of the building, and if they are satisfied that the said person is able and willing to carry out the works necessary to render the building fit for housing purposes, shall withdraw the notice, but if they do not so withdraw the notice, may execute the works specified in the notice, or such other works, being works which in the opinion of the authority will render the building fit as aforesaid, as may be agreed between the authority and the person having control of the building, and any person authorised by the local authority may enter upon the building for the purpose of executing the works in question."

2. In paragraph (i) of section one for the words "with the consent of the Minister of Health " there shall be substituted the words "if authorised by the Minister of Health to exercise in relation to that building the powers conferred by this subsection".

3. At the end of section two there shall be added the following subsection—

" (5) The Council of the Isles of Scilly shall, in relation to functions under section one of this Act, be deemed to be included in the local authorities enumerated in subsection (1) of section one of the Housing Act, 1936 (which enumerates the local authorities for the purposes of that Act)."

Consequential amendments of Essential Buildings and Plant ( Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939.

4. In subsection (5) of section three after the words "or a local authority " there shall be inserted the words "or any other authority which is a local authority for the purposes of the Local Loans Act,

1875."

5. In subsection (1) of section four after the words "‘ local authority means " there shall be inserted the words "(except where the context otherwise requires)."

272

Ch. 35.

Colonial War Risks 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Insurance (Guarantees) Act, 1941.

Power to

guarantee

colonial

commodities

insurance

schemes.

2 ft 3 Geo. 6. c. 57.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to authorise the Secretary of State to agree to make good any deficiencies in funds established by colonies and certain other countries for insuring commodities against war risks.

[29th July 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that provision has been made by the law of any country to which this Act applies, or of two or more such countries—

(a) for enabling the government of that country or the governments of those countries jointly, to undertake liabilities similar to those that may be undertaken by the Board of Trade under Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939;

(b) for enforcing provisions similar to those that may be made by a compulsory insurance order under section nine of the said Act; and

(c) for establishing a fund (hereafter in this Act referred to as the " colonial fund ") similar to the war risks (commodities) insurance fund established under Part III of the said Act;

the Secretary of State, with the approval of the Treasury, may agree with that government or those governments, on the terms mentioned in the next following subsection and such other terms as he thinks fit, to pay any sum from time to time required to discharge the insurance liabilities of the colonial fund, in so far as that sum exceeds the sum for the time being standing to the credit of the colonial fund.

(2) It shall be a term of any such agreement—

(a) that the amount required to repay any sums paid by the Secretary of State in pursuance of the agreement, together with interest thereon at such rates as the Treasury may approve, shall be charged on the colonial fund;

(b) that, except for the purpose of discharging the insurance liabilities of the colonial fund, no money shall be paid out of the said fund without the approval of the Secretary of State;

Colonial War Risks

Insurance (Guarantees) Act, 1941.

Ch. 35.

273

1941.

(c) that, if at any time during the war period the sum

standing to the credit of the said fund is, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, in excess of the sum likely to be required to discharge the insurance liabilities of the fund, the amount for the time being charged on the fund in pursuance of paragraph (a) of this subsection or, if that amount is greater than the excess, so much thereof as is equal to the excess, shall, if the Secretary of State so directs, be repaid to him out of the fund;

(d) that any money standing to the credit of the said fund

after discharging all the insurance liabilities of the fund and repaying the amount charged on the fund as aforesaid, shall be disposed of as the Secretary of State, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct.

(3) Any sums required by the Secretary of State for the purposes of any such agreement shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, but, if and so far as any such sum is not paid out of such moneys, it shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

(4) Any sum received by the Secretary of State in pursuance of any such agreement shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(5) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression " insurance liabilities", in relation to a colonial fund, means liabilities similar to those that may be undertaken by the Board of Trade under Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, being liabilities undertaken by the government or governments concerned in respect of loss or damage incurred during the war period, together with such administrative expenses as the Secretary of State may approve;

(b) the expression " war period" means the period beginning

with the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and expiring when the Emergency Powers 3 Geo. 6. (Defence) Act, 1939, expires; c- 62-

(c) references to the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by any subsequent Act or Order in Council for the time being in force.

2. The countries to which this Act applies are the colonies, the Countries to Sudan, British protectorates and protected states, and territories which Act in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations apphes*

is being exercised by His Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom.

3. This Act may be cited as the Colonial War Risks Insurance Short title. (Guarantees) Act, 1941.

S

274

Ch. 36.

Financial Powers

(U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 36.

Financial Powers (U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Powers for giving effect to Agreement.

2. Release of, and payment for, securities and income.

3. Provisions as to regulations.

4. Short title, interpretation and extent.

An Act to confer on the Treasury powers for giving effect to a loan agreement made between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, and to provide for payments in respect of the disposal of securities, income and other payments for the purposes of the agreement; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[29th July 1941]

Powers for giving effect to Agreement.

WHEREAS by an agreement (in this Act referred to as " the Agreement ") dated the twenty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-one, and made in the United States of America between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, provision was made for a loan to His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom from that Corporation repayable, subject to the provisions for extension and prepayment therein contained, on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, for securing the loan by pledge of securities of corporations incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or of one or more of the States thereof, and for the application to the service of the loan of income and other payments arising from the pledged securities and of income from branches in the United States of America of British insurance companies:

And whereas having regard to the duration of the loan the Agreement cannot be carried out under powers conferred under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, and it is expedient that the provisions of this Act should have effect for the purpose of enabling the Agreement to be carried out:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The Treasury may exercise such powers as appear to them necessary or expedient for the purpose of enabling the Agreement to be carried out, and in particular (but without

1941- Financial Powers Ch. 36. 275

(US.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection)—

(a) may require securities and income and other payments arising therefrom, and income from such branches as aforesaid, to be placed at the disposal of the Treasury;

(b) may require, prohibit or restrict the doing of any acts and the execution of any documents.

(2) Any requirements, prohibitions or restrictions which it appears to the Treasury to be necessary or expedient to impose for the purpose aforesaid shall be prescribed by regulations made by them or by orders or directions made or given thereunder by them or on their behalf, and regulations made under this section may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions (including provisions as to the obtaining of information and as to the apprehension, trial and punishment of persons offending against the regulations) as appear to the Treasury necessary or expedient for the purpose aforesaid.

2. — (1) Where any security has been placed at the disposal of the Release of. Treasury by virtue of this Act, it shall be released by the Treasury payment as soon as may be after they have satisfied themselves, at any i^omef8 time while it is under their control, that it is no longer necessary or expedient for the purposes of the Agreement that they should retain control thereof:

Provided that—

(a) the Treasury may, if at any time it appears to them necessary or expedient so to do for the purposes of the Agreement, by order made as respects any class of securities or by direction given as respects any particular securities, declare that the right to release conferred by this subsection shall be extinguished in the case of the securities to which the order or direction relates;

(b) if any security is so dealt with in pursuance of the

Agreement as to prevent the Treasury regaining control thereof under the Agreement, the right to the release of that security shall be extinguished.

(2) If at any time the right to the release of any security is extinguished, the Treasury shall as soon as may be thereafter pay in respect of the security such sum in sterling as they may determine, being a sum which in their opinion is not less than the market value thereof at that time:

Provided that, if the Treasury certify that the security was of such a kind as not to be capable of being valued on the basis of market value, the sum to be paid shall be such sum in sterling as may be agreed or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration to have been the fair value thereof at that time as between a willing buyer and a willing seller.

276

Ch. 36.

Financial Powers

(U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(3) Where—

(a) any security has been placed at the disposal of the

Treasury by virtue of this Act, and any income or other payment arising therefrom before the release of the security, or the extinguishment of the right to the release thereof, is applied in pursuance of the Agreement; or

(b) any income arising from any such branch of an insurance

company as aforesaid is so applied,

the Treasury shall, as soon as may be after the income or payment is so applied, pay in respect thereof such sum as appears to them to have been the sterling equivalent of the income or payment at the time when it arose.

(4) On the placing at the disposal of the Treasury of any security, any right conferred by this section to release or payment in respect of the security, or to payment in respect of any income or other payment arising therefrom, shall vest in the person who, immediately before the placing thereof at the disposal of the Treasury, was entitled (whether as bailee or otherwise) to possession of the documents of title to the security, and, on the placing at the disposal of the Treasury of any income from such a branch as aforesaid, any right to payment in respect of the income shall vest in the person who, immediately before the placing thereof at the disposal of the Treasury, was entitled to receive income arising from that branch.

(5) Where any person is registered, in accordance with arrangements made by the Treasury, as the person in whom any right conferred by this section to a release or payment is for the time being vested, whether by virtue of the original vesting thereof in him under the last foregoing subsection or by virtue of any assignment or devolution thereof to him, his receipt for the release or payment shall be a good discharge to the Treasury.

(6) Where any security has been placed at the disposal of the Treasury, and before the security is released or the right to the release thereof is extinguished a security is issued by way of dividend arising from the first mentioned security, no payment shall be made under subsection (3) of this section in respect of the security so issued, but this section shall have effect in relation thereto, and to any income or other payment arising therefrom, as if at the time of its issue it had been placed at the disposal of the Treasury and the person for the time being competent to give a good discharge to the Treasury for payments in respect of dividends arising from the first mentioned security had been entitled to possession of the documents of title to the security issued.

(7) The Treasury shall make regulations for securing that, where a payment under this section is made in respect of any income arising from securities or other possessions out of the

1941- Financial Powers Ch. 36. 277

(U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

United Kingdom, a person who would have been chargeable to income tax in respect of such income so far only as that income had been received in or remitted to the United Kingdom shall not be chargeable to income tax in respect of the payment except to the extent that it becomes available for use in the United Kingdom, and no part of such a payment shall be deemed to be available for use in the United Kingdom so long as it is dealt with only in such manner as may be provided by the regulations.

(8) Any right conferred by this section to the release of a security of any description may be satisfied by the release of any security of that description, and any such right to the release of a security may be satisfied by the release of any security substituted therefor by the exercise of any right of exchange or conversion or any similar right attaching to the security.

(9) The payments to be made under this section shall be made out of funds in the Exchange Equalisation Account, and the making thereof shall be treated as an investment of such funds.

3. — (1) Any regulations made under this Act shall be laid before Provisions as the Commons House of Parliament as soon as may be after to regulations, they are made; but notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, such regulations 56 & 57 Vict. shall be deemed not to be, or to contain, statutory rules to which c* 66-that section applies.

(2) If the said House, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such regulations as aforesaid are laid before it, resolves that the regulations be annulled, they shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall /

not apply to the regulations made on the first occasion on which regulations under this Act are made, but the regulations made on that occasion shall not have effect until approved by a resolution of the said House.

(3) In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which the said House is adjourned for more than four days.

(4) In the event of any inconsistency between any provisions of regulations made under this Act, or of any order made or direction given under such regulations, and any provisions (whether coming into effect before or after the first-mentioned provisions) of Regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, or of any instrument having effect by virtue of Regulations so made, the first mentioned provisions shall prevail, but nothing in this Act shall be construed as limiting the power to make -Defence Regulations conferred by the said Acts.

278

Short title, interpretation and extent.

Extension of payment provisions for further risk period.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 12.

Ch. 36,37. Financial Powers 4 5 Geo. 6.

(U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Financial Powers (U.S.A. Securities) Act, 1941.

(2) In this Act the expression " security " includes shares, stocks, bonds, notes, debentures, certificates of beneficial interest, and warrants conferring an option to acquire securities.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to extend the provisions of the War Damage Act, 1941, relating to payments in respect of war damage under Part I of that Act to damage occurring after the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

[29th July 1941]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The provisions of the War Damage Act, 1941, relating to payments under Part I thereof in respect of war damage to land (including the provisions of section forty-one thereof relating to payments in respect of damage to highways under a scheme made under that section) shall have effect in relation to damage occurring during the period beginning with the first day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-one and ending with the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two (in this Act referred to as " the second risk period "), as they have effect in relation to damage occurring during the risk period defined in that Act (in this Act referred to as " the first risk period ").

(2) The provisions of the said Act relating to contributions towards the expense of making payments under Part I of the said Act in respect of war damage shall not by virtue of this Act extend to the payments to be made thereunder in respect of damage occurring during the second risk period, but such contributions as Parliament may hereafter determine shall be made towards the expense of making the payments to be so made.

(3) The consequential provisions set out in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

1941.

War Damage (Extension of Risk Period) Act, 1941.

Ch. 37.

279

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the War Damage (Extension Short title, of Risk Period) Act, 1941. citation and

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the War Damage constract,on-Act, 1941, and this Act and that Act may be cited together as the War Damage Acts, 1941.

Consequential Provisions.

Provisions for extending effect of payment provisions.

1. For the purposes of the provisions of the War Damage Act, 1941, and of the regulations made thereunder, relating to payments under Part 1 thereof in respect of war damage to land—

(a) the references to the risk period in sections two, seventeen, and forty-one of the said Act, and in the regulations made by the Treasury under the said Act before the passing of this Act, and

(b) the references to the period beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one, in sections forty-four and forty-five of the said Act,

shall be construed as references to the period comprising both the first risk period or the said period* beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, as the case may be, and the second risk period.

Provisions for preserving existing effect of contribution provisions.

2. The following references to payments shall be construed as limited to payments in respect of damage occurring during the first risk period, that is to say, the references in sections eighteen and twenty-two of the said Act to payments under Part I of the said Act in respect of war damage, the reference in subsection (2) of section forty-one of the said Act to the expense of making payments in respect of war damage to highways, and the references in subsection (4) of that section to payments made under the said subsection (2) and to payments in respect of war damage.

3. The reference in subsection (5) of section twenty-two of the said Act to sums which are discharged by a credit in account in lieu of being paid by the Commission shall be construed as limited to sums so discharged representing payments in respect of damage occurring during the first risk period.

4 The references in sections eighteen to thirty-six and forty-four of the said Act to the risk period, and, for the purposes of the provisions of the said Act relating to contributions, the references in sections forty-four and forty-five thereof to the period mentioned in sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, shall continue to be construed as references to the first risk period or to the period mentioned in the said paragraph (b), as the case may be.

SCHEDULE.

Section 1.

28o

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Issue of £341,966,247 out of the Consolidated und.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[7th August 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-two the sum of three hundred and forty-one million, nine hundred and sixty-six thousand, two hundred and forty-seven pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole three hundred and forty-one million, nine hundred and sixty-six thousand, two hundred and forty-seven pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

281

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of three thousand one hundred and thirty-eight million, forty-two thousand, and thirty pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on navy, army and air services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for navy, army and air services respectively be not exceeded.

282

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Sanction for navy, army and air expenditure for 1939 unprovided for.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 52.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

[Short title.]

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the navy, army and air services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Act, 1939, surpluses arising on certain votes for navy, army and air services have been applied towards making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in the statements set out in Schedule (C) to this Act.

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown in the said statements is hereby sanctioned.

6. — (1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered

into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour. 7

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1941.

I941-

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

283

ABSTRACT

‘ OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A).

Section 3.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 3,138,042,030 o o

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriations of Grants. Sections.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1940. Part 1. Navy (Supple- £ d. £s- *.

mentary), 1940 -, 2. Army (Supple- 10 0 0 13,000,000 0 0

mentary), 1940 -, 3. Air (Supple- 10 0 0 30,000,000 0 0

mentary), 1940 - , 4. Civil Departments (Supple- 10 0 0 16,000,000 0 0

mentary), 1940 - , 5. Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of Credit), 1940 4.020,353 0 0 600,000,000 0 0 78.457.458 0 0 i

I 604,020,383 0 0 1 i37.457.45fi 0 0 1

284 Ch. 38. Appropriation 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

SCHED. (B).

Appropriations of Grants.

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriations of Grants—coni.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ s. d. £ 5. d.

1941.

Part 6. Navy 1,800 0 0 l80 0 0

99 7. Army 1,500 0 0 150 0 0

99 8. Air Force - s 1,100 0 0 no 0 0

£ 4.400 0 0 440 0 0

Part 9. Civil Class I 2,411,192 0 0 1,260,561 0 0

11 10. Civil Class II - 12,411,931 0 0 337.860 0 0

11 11. Civil, Class III 20,283,709 0 0 2,456,951 0 0

19 12. Civil, Class IV 71,822,247 0 0 6,594,622 0 0

9 9 13. Civil, Class V - 185,766,273 0 0 7.340,794 0 0

9 9 14. Civil, Class VI 22,754,628 0 0 3.449,753 0 0

9 9 15. Civil, Class VII 14,849,503 0 0 3,644,905 0 0

99 16. Civil, Class VIII 40,955.794 0 0 59,943 0 0

99 17. Civil, Class IX- 52,794,000 0 0 1,266,400 0 0

99 18. Civil, Unclassi- 1,710 0 0 170 0 0

fied Services -

Total, Civil 424,050,987 0 0 26,411,959 0 0

Part 19. Revenue De-

partments 109,966,260 0 0 4,038,524 0 0

n 20. Expenditure

arising out of

the war (Vote

of Credit)- 1,000,000,000 0 0 —

99 21. Expenditure

arising out of

the war (Sup-

plementary

Vote of Credit)- 1,000,000,000 0 0 —

Grand Total £ 3,138,042,030 0 0 167,908,381 0 0

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

285

SCHEDULE (A).

SCHED.(A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

I *• <*•

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March 1941—

Under Act 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 6 - 600,000,000 o o

Under Act 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 9 - 4,020,383 o o

For the service of the year ending on the 31st daV of March 1942—

Under Act 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 6 -

Under Act 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 9 -

Under Act 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 26 -

Under this Act

1.000. 000.000 0 0 192,055,400 o o

1.000. 000.000 o o 341,966,247 o 0

Total

- £3,138,042,030 o o

SCHEDULE (B).—Part i.

Navy (Supplementary), 1940.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1941.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. 1. Wages, &c., of Officers and Men of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines, and of certain other personnel serving with L £

the fleet 10 13,000,000

SCHED. (B). Part i.

Navy

(Supple-

mentary),

1940.

286

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part 2. Army (Supplementary), I94°-

Sched. (B.) Part 3.

Air

(Supple-

mentary),

1940-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2.

Army (Supplementary), 1940.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1941.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Vote.

i. Pay, &c., of the Army - 10 30,000,000

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3.

Air (Supplementary), 1940.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1941.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. i. Pay, &c., of the Air Force - - £ 10 £ 16.000,000

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

287

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4.

Civil (Supplementary), 1940.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1941, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

CIVIL. Class I. Vote. 2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons, including a grant £ £

in aid to the Kitchen Committee 5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s most 2,200

Honourable Privy Council -Class II. 2,775 *—1,000 3 !

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and grants in aid of the Royal Institute of International Affairs and the British Association for International Under- 1 1 i 1 1 l

standing - 2. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's Embassies, Missions and Consular Establishments Abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote; certain special grants and payments, including grants in aid; 19*250

and sundry other services - 291,000 —

Carried forward • Deficit* 315.225 *—1,000

SCHED. (B).

Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1940.

288

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part 4.

Civil!

(Supple-

mentary),

1940-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4— .

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

CIVIL—coni. £ l

Brought forward ... Class II.—coni. Vote. 5. For sundry Dominion services, including certain grants in aid, and for expenditure in connection with Ex-Service men in Eire, and for a grant in aid to Eire in respect of compensation to 315.225 *—1,000

transferred officers - 7. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary 10

of State for the Colonies - 8. For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern Services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants 21,000

in aid- 9c. For the purchase of a site in connection with the building of a Mosque and 691,500

Islamic Cultural Centre in London Class IV. 12. For a grant in aid of the British 10

Broadcasting Corporation /- 200,000

Carried forward Deficit. 1,227,745 —I'OOOO

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Ch. 38.

289

CIVIL—cont. Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Sched. (B). Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1940-

- 1,227,745

*—1,000

Class V.

Vote.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including sums payable by the Exchequer to the Unemployment Fund, grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of unemployment insurance, employment exchange and other services; expenses of transfer and resettlement; expenses of training (including, on behalf of the Army Council, training of soldiers); contribution towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations); expenses of the Industrial Court; expenses in connection with national service; and sundry services

1

1,100,000

*—370,000

Class VI.

8. For payments in respect of milk used for manufacture in England and Wales, payments for improving the quality of the milk supply in England and Wales, and contributions towards certain expenses of the Milk Marketing Board in England and Wales -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts, including the salaries of the central office, and the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

Carried forward

* Deficit.

T

50,000

10

2,377.755

121,235

-249,765

290

Ch. 38.

Appropriation 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

SCHED. (B). Past 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1940.

Sums not wrn¥^ing

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

CIVIL— coni. £ £

Brought forward - Class VI—coni. Vote. 20. For payments in respect of milk used for manufacture in Scotland, payments for improving the quality of the milk supply in Scotland and contributions towards certain expenses of Milk Marketing Boards in Scotland Class VII. 3. For expenditure in respect of labour 2.377.755 •-249,76$

10,000

and health buildings, Great Britain -4. For expenditure in respect of miscel- 162.755

laneous legal buildings -6. For the salaries and expenses of the 18,720

Ministry of Works and Buildings 7. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain, not provided for on other Votes, including historic buildings, ancient monuments, Brompton Cemetery and 10 M7°

certain housing estates - 10. For expenditure in respect of Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and telegraph buildings in Great Britain, certain post offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with boats and launches belonging to the Customs and Excise 914,710 *—20,000

Department 256,000 —

Carried forward • Deficit. 3.739.950 *—268^95

1941- Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Ch. 38.

291

CIVIL—cont.

Brought forward -Class VII.—cont.

Vote.

12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of British Dominions and of Foreign Powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and a grant in aid of the expenses of the London Fire Brigade -

Class IX.

1. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in England and Wales -

2. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland -

Unclassified Services.

1. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries 5. For measures in England and Wales to deal with casualties and disease, for expenses connected with evacuation, for repair of war damage and for other services arising out of the war -7. For the salaries and expenses of Ministry of Home Security 9. For the salaries and expenses of Ministry of Shipping 10. For the salaries and expenses of Ministry of Supply, including expenses of the Royal Ordnance

Factories

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aircraft Production

Total, Civil (Supplementary), 1940

•Deficit.

the

the

the

the

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

I

3,739.950

171,070

106,000

3.273

10

10

10

10

10

10

Appropriations in Aid.

Sched. (B). Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1940.

4,020,353

268,29s

*-1^.355

*—106,000

*-5.832

849.990

1.999.990

999.990

59.999.990

1.499.990

13.499.990

78.457,458

292

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.) 1940.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Supplementary Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred ! during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1941, for general Navy, Army and Air Services and for the Ministry of Supply in so far as specific provision is not I made therefor by Parliament, for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war, for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war 600,000,000

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6.

Part 6.

Navy.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, including provision for such numbers of officers, seamen, boys and royal marines and royal marine police as His Majesty may deem necessary, viz.

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For wages, &c., of officers and men of

the roysd navy and royal marines, and of certain other personnel serving with the fleet

2. For victualling and clothing for the

navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad -

3. For medical services, including the cost

of medical establishments at home and abroad

Carried forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

100 10

100 10

100 10

300 30

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

293

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - VAfp 300 30

V UlCt 4. For civilians employed on fleet services 100 10

5. For educational services - 100 10

6. For scientific services - 100 10

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve and the royal naval volunteer reserve, &c. 100 10

8. Section I. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 100 10

, Section II. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - 100 10

, Section III. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - 100 10

9. For naval armaments - 100 10

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants and other charges connected therewith 100 10

11. For various miscellaneous effective services 100 10

12. For the Admiralty Office - 100 10

13. For non-effective services (naval and marine)—officers - 100 10

14. For non-effective services (naval and marine)—men 100 10

15. For civil superannuation, and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances and gratuities 100 10

16. For merchant shipbuilding - 100 10

Total, Navy Services £ 1,800 180

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Navy.

294

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7.

Part 7.

Army.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, including provision for such numbers of Land Forces of all ranks as His Majesty may deem necessary (exclusive of those serving in India and Burma), viz.:

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the pay, &c., of the Army

2. For the Army Reserve, Supplementary

Reserve, Territorial Army, Officers’ Training Corps, and Colonial Militia, &c

3. For medical services -

4. For educational establishments -

5. For quartering and movements -

6. For supplies, road transport and

remounts

7. For clothing

8. For general stores -

9. For warlike stores -

10. For works, buildings and lands, in-

cluding civilian staff and other charges in connection therewith

11. For miscellaneous effective services

12. For the War Office -

Carried forward

Supply Grants. 1 appropriations in Aid.

1 £ | 100 £ 10

100 10

100 i 10

1 1 100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

‘ 1,200 I 120

le

1941. Appropriation Ch. 38. 295

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—continued. Schto^(B).

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

I £

Brought forward - 1,200 120

Vote. 13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay, widows’ pensions and other non-effective charges for officers - 100 10

14. For the Royal Hospital, Chelsea; out-pensions, rewards for distinguished service, widows' pensions, and other non-effective charges for warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, men, &c. IOO 10

15. For civil superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances and gratuities 100 10

Total, Army Services - 1,500 1 150

296

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (6).

Part 8. Air.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, including provision for such number of officers and airmen of the Air Force, as His Majesty may deem necessary (exclusive of those serving in India), viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the pay, &c., of the air force -

2. For quartering, non-technical stores,

supplies and transportation

3. For technical and warlike stores -

4. For works, buildings and lands, includ-

ing civilian staff and other charges connected therewith -

5. For medical services - , -

6. For educational services -

7. For reserve and auxiliary forces -

8. For civil aviation -

9. For meteorological and miscellaneous

effective services -

10. For the Air Ministry -

11. For half-pay, pensions and other non-

effective services - .

Total, Air Services -

Supply Grants. Appropiiatioos in Aid.

£ 100 £ 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

100 10

1,100 no

1

1941* Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9.

CIVIL.—Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. For the salaries and expenses of the L l

Offices of the House of Lords -2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons, including a grant 62,606 6.329

in aid to the Kitchen Committee 3. For expenses in respect of the regis- 476,700 2,100

tration of electors -4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of His Majesty’s Treasury and Subordinate Departments, the salary of a Minister without Portfolio and the salary and expenses of a Minister of State (including Supplementary sums of 50,000

£16,760 and £1,386) -5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s most 602,772 6,608

Honourable Privy Council 6. For the salaries and expenses of the 16,607 2,800

Office of the Lord Privy Seal -7. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and 7.398

Wales 8. For the salaries and expenses of the 41.073 1,200

Civil Service Commission -9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and 40,260 13,425

Auditor General -10. For making good the deficiency on the Income Account of the Fund for 206,276 18,994

Friendly Societies -11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government 3,326

Actuary 33.939 1,000

Carried forward £ 1,540.957 52,456

Ch. 38. 297

SCHED. (B) Part 9.

Civil. Class I.

298

SCHED. (B) Part 9. Civil. Class I.

Ch. 38. Appropriation 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward £ 1,540,957 W45&

Vote. 12. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist 95,320 200

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Import Duties Advisory Committee - 57.239 —

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage (Imperial, Colonial and Foreign), and the expenses of the preparation of medals and badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and His Majesty’s seals - 100 8924OO

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office ... 5.327 22,750

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee - 277,683 —

17. For the salaries, and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 42,855 355

18. For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission 22,979 1,000

19. For making the payment due to the Local Loans Fund in respect of advances in Northern Ireland and to make good certain sums written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund (including a Supplementary sum of £19,275) - 62,775

20. For the salaries and other expenses of Royal Commissions, Committees, and special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand; and the expenses of surplus stores, &c. liquidation 28,000 1,000

Carried forward £ 2.133.235 970,161

1941. Appropriation Ch. 38. 299

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9—continued. SCpart 9

Sums not exceeding

Supply 1 Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - Vote. 21. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain grants in aid - 1 2,133,235 51,177 i , 970,161 800

22. For His Majesty’s foreign and other secret services 100 —

23. For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury Chests abroad in the year 1939 7,085

24. For the salaries and expenses of the Tithe Redemption Commission - 100 289,060

1 25. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland, salaries and expenses of the Scottish Home Department; expenses in respect of private legislation procedure in Scotland; a subsidy for transport services to the Western Highlands and Islands; a grant in lieu of Land Tax; contributions towards the expenses of Probation and of Remand Homes; a grant towards repair of flood damage; and grants in connection with physical training and recreation 203,410 540

26. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 16,085

Total, Civil, Class I - 2,411,192 1,260,561

300 Ch. 38. Appropriation 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10.

Part 10.

Civil.

Class II.

CIVIL.—Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote.

I. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and a grant in aid of the Royal Institute of International Affairs -

i

834,769

1

30,400

2. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty’s Embassies, Missions and Consular Establishments Abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote; certain special grants and payments, including grants in aid; and sundry other services -

2,609,223

i8i,435

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations and for other expenses in connection therewith, including United Kingdom Representation before the Permanent Court of International Justice -

78,000

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs -

Carried forward

75,840

605

3»597»832

212,44°

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

301

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - 1 3.597.832 £ 212,440

Vote. 5. For sundry Dominion services, including certain grants in aid, and for expenditure in connection with Ex-service Men in Eire, and for a grant in aid to Eire in respect of compensation to transferred officers - 252,606

6. For the expenses connected with Oversea Settlement 12,530 10,000

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies - 239450 150

8. For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern Services under His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants in aid - 5,322,980 3.700

9. For the development of the resources of colonies, protectorates, protected states and mandated territories, and .the welfare of their peoples; and for certain salaries and expenses - 773,010

10. For the development of the resources of the South African High Commission Territories and the welfare of their peoples; and for certain residual Colonial Development Fund schemes in Newfoundland 31.000 1

Carried forward 10,229,408 | 226,290

SCHED. (B) Part io.

Civil. Class II.

302 Ch. 38. Appropriation 4 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued.

Part 10.

Civil.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

1

Brought forward 10,229,408 226,290

Vote. 11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for India and His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Burma, and a grant in aid of military expenditure from Indian Revenues 2,180,743 110,350

12. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United Kingdom - 1,780 1,220

Total, Civil, Class II 12,411,931 337.86

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

303

1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii. Sched. (B).

Part ii.

Civil.

Class III.

CIVIL.—Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

I. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department, subordinate offices, liquidation expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary, contributions towards the expenses of Probation and a grant in aid of the Central Committee for Refugees

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1,421,471

49.150

2. For the expenses of the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

106,900

1,630

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Police; the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary; the cost of special services, and other grants in respect of Police expenditure, including a grant in aid of the Police Federation, and a contribution towards the expenses of the International Criminal Police Commission

13,123,100

1,210

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of the Prisons in England and Wales

Carried forward-

1,414,940 507.600

16,066,411 559.590

304

Ch. 38.

Appropriation 4 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

SCHED. (B) Part ii.

Civil. Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward Vote. 5. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; the expenses of local authorities in respect of children and young persons committed to their care; and the expenses of the councils of counties and county boroughs in respect of 1 16,066,411 I 559.590

remand homes 6. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, and a grant in aid; and the salaries and expenses of Pensions 696,400 20,000

Appeals Tribunals -7. For the salaries and expenses in con- 100 634,877

nection with the County Courts 8. For the salaries and expenses of the 219,777 624,885

office of Land Registry -9. For the salaries and expenses of the 170,146 45.000

office of Public Trustee - 10. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officer's Department; the salaries and expenses of the Departments of His Majesty’s Procurator-General and of the Solicitor for the Affairs of His Majesty's Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; the costs of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parlia- 17,872 270,000

mentary Agency - 165.653 38,000

Carried forward- 17.336,359 2,192,352

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

Ch. 38.

305

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward 17.336,359 £ 2,192,352

Vote. 11. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses.

for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., in connection with the acquisition of land, for grants in aid of the expenses of the Law Society and of the Solicitors’ Discipline (Scotland) Committee, and for the expenses of Tribunals established in connection with Defence Compensation 54,282 3,600

12. For the salary and expenses of the Inspector of Constabulary; the cost of special services, grants in respect of Police expenditure and a grant in aid of the Police Federation in Scotland - - - 1,302,070

13. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics, defectives, and inmates of the State Inebriate Reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics - 164,410 36,750

14. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools, and of the expenses of Education Authorities in Scotland in respect of children and young persons committed to their care 72,240 4,565

15. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court - 8,268 280

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s Department, and other law charges, the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions Appeals Tribunals in Scotland - 62,775 147.500

Carried forward £ 19,000,404 | 2,385.047

U

Sched. (B) Part ii.

Civil. Class III.

306

Ch. 38.

SCHED. (B). Part ii.

Civil. <Class III.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Brought forward

Vote.

17. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty’s General Register House, Edinburgh

18. For the cost of certain Northern Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-service officers and men in Northern Ireland -

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland, and of the Land Registry of Northern Ireland, as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, and other expenses (including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland) -

20. For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of Guaranteed Stocks and Bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land purchase

Total, Civil, Class III

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aii

£ 19,000,404 I 2,385,047

26,819 42,000

7,062 4,000

25,972 25,810

1,223,452 94

20,283,709 2,456,9s1

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

307

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12.

CIVIL.—Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum, including a grant in aid - - .

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum (Natural History), including a grant in aid

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

London Museum, Lancaster House-

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery and of the Tate Gallery, Millbank -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid -

Carried forward £

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

54.915.639 5,729,300

187,690 14,069

Il8,9I3 1,160

12,617 50

4,101 —

37413 116

IL243 —

55,287,616 • 5.744.695

SCHED. (B). Part 12., Civil. Class IV.

308

SCHED. (B). Part is.

Civil. Class IV.

Ch. 38. Appropriation 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward Vote. 8. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid - l 55.287.616 9.365 L 5.744.695 180

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection - 12.903 85

10. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other grants 245.357 56,185

11. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities, Colleges, Medical Schools, &c., in Great Britain - 2,148,542

12. For a grant in aid of the British Broadcasting Corporation 5,600,000 —

13. For public education in Scotland, for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, including sundry grants in aid, and for grants to approved associations and other expenses in connection with youth welfare 8,502,061 788.455

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland, the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, and the Museum of Antiquities 11,899 5

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid - 4,504 5,oi7

Total, Civil, Class IV - 71,822,247 6,594,622

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13.

Ch. 38.

309

CIVIL.—Class V.

Sched. (B) Part 13.

CiviL Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the suras which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including grants and other expenses in connection with housing, certain grants to local authorities, &c., a grant in aid to the National Radium Trust, grants in aid in respect of national health insurance benefits, &c., certain expenses in connection with widows', orphans’ and old age contributory pensions; a grant in aid of the Civil Service Sports Council; and other services

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental patients

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registrar General of Births, &c

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Insurance Audit Department

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies -

6. For Old Age Pensions, pensions to blind

persons, and for certain administrative expenses in connection therewith - -

Carried forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £ 1

24,646,200 1,324,600

208,962 14,066

203,371 37,23<>

171,320 4,100

5U70 3,050

50,716,000 1 ! 14,000 I

75.997.023 ! 1.397.046

3*0

Ch. 38.

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

Civil. Class V.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Vote.

Brought forward -

7. For the sums payable to th6 Treasury

Pensions Account and to the Treasury Special Pensions Account in respect of Widows’, Orphans' and Old Age Contributory Pensions -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including sums payable by the Exchequer to the Unemployment Fund, grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of unemployment insurance, employment exchange and other services; expenses of transfer and resettlement; expenses of training; contribution towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations); expenses of the Industrial Court; and sundry services

9. For grants to local authorities, &c., in

respect of employment and development schemes, including adjustments of grant in certain cases -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Office of the Commissioner for Special Areas (England and Wales), and the expenses of the Commissioner -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; and sums payable by the Exchequer to the Unemployment Assistance Fund, including a grant in aid -

12. For a grant in aid of the Special Areas

Fund

Carried forward /

Sums not exceeding

75.997*023

21,525,000

29,160,000

2,510,000

100

19,560,000

1,250,000

150,002,123

4,442,000

900,000

6,739*°46

1941- Appropriation Ch. 38.

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

1 £

Brought forward 150,002,123 6.739.046

Vote. 13. For financial assistance to site-companies providing factories in certain areas and to new industrial undertakings in the Special and Other Areas - 203,800

14. For the payment of Supplementary Pensions to certain persons in receipt of Old Age Pensions or Widows' Pensions, and for certain administrative expenses in connection therewith 31,120,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland; including grants, a grant in aid and other expenses in connection with housing, certain grants to local authorities, &c., grant in aid of the Highlands and Islands medical service, grants in aid in respect of national health insurance benefits, &c.; certain expenses in connection with widows', orphans’ and old age contributory pensions; a grant in aid of camps; and other services - 4,384.544 163,200

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control for Scotland, and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental patients 20,300 410

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland 35,406 2,668

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioner for Special Areas (Scotland), and the expenses of the Commissioner - - IOO 435.470

Total, Civil, Class V - 185,766,273 7.340,794

311

SCHED. (B).

Part 13.

Civil. Class V. 1

312 Ch. 38. Appropriation 4 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14.

Part 14.

Civil.

Class YI.

CIVIL.—Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

• Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. i. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments i 660,790 £ 400430

2. For the salaries and expenses of certain Mercantile Marine services, including the expenses of Coastguard and General Register and Record Office of Shipping and Seamen - 952,505 187,170

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Overseas Trade, including grants in aid of the Imperial Institute and the Travel and Industrial Development Association of Great Britain and Ireland - 509.67* 3,025

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, and for guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council - 310,436 470,000

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Mines Department of the Board of Trade 282,092 5.99°

6. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Commissioners of Crown Lands 37,334 .

Carried forward 2,752,829 1,066,615

1941- Appropriation Ch. 38. 313

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued. Sched. (B).

Part 14.

avil.

Sums not exceeding VI,

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ l

Brought forward - 2,752,829 1,066,615

Vote.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants and grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research, eradication of diseases of animals, and improvement of breeding, &c., of live stock, land settlement, improvement of cultivation, drainage, &c.f regulation of agricultural wages, agricultural credits, and marketing; fishery organisation, research and development, control of diseases of fish, &c.; and sundry other services including certain remanet subsidy payments 3,959,683 547.830

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Land Fertility Committee, and contributions towards the cost of acquiring and transporting lime and basic slag incurred by occupiers of agricultural land in the United Kingdom 1,547,834 450

9. For the expenses of the survey of Great Britain and of minor services connected therewith - 568,750 63.350

10. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund 400,000 —

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport, including 1 1 1

expenses of the Railway Rates Tribunal, of the Road and Rail Appeal Tribunal, and of maintaining Holy-head Harbour and the Caledonian and Crinan Canals; and annuities in respect of Light Railways 250,000 15.200

Carried forward 9479,096 i 1 1.693.445

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

3i4

SCHED. (B), Part 14.

Civil. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward

Vote.

12. For a grant in aid of the Road Fund; for the maintenance and reconstruction of Menai Bridge; for payments to local authorities in reimbursement of expenses incurred in the collection of motor vehicle duties, &c., and the registration of motor vehicles; and for other services -

i

9,479,096

1,693.445

10,738,000

200,000

13. For a grant in aid of the Development Fund

638,000

14. For grants to public utility undertakings in Great Britain -

620,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Museum of Practical Geology, and a grant in aid -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

State Management Districts, including the salaries of the central office, and the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

7i4»9<>3

399.380

100

975.720

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Anglo-Spanish, Anglo-Roumanian, Anglo-Italian and Anglo-Turkish Clearing Offices -

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Agriculture for Scotland, including grants for land improvement, agricultural education, research and marketing, expenses in respect of regulation of agricultural wages, a grant in respect of agricultural credits; certain grants in aid, and remanet subsidy payments

Carried forward

100

60,900

525.331

107,838

22,715.530

3A37^i

1941- Appropriation Ch. 38. 315

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued. SchbiMB).

Sums not exceeding

Supply- Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

L £

Brought forward - Vote. 22.715.530 3.437.283

19. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish fishery services, and a grant in aid of piers or quays - 38,338 I2,460

20. For grants in aid of the general administrative and other expenses of the Herring Industry Board, grants to herring fishermen for assistance in the provision of new motor-boats 760 10

Total, Civil, Class VI - 22,754,628 3.449.753

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

316

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15.

Part 15.

Civil.

Class VII.

CIVIL.—Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Vote.

1. For expenditure in respect of art and

science buildings. Great Britain

2. For expenditure in respect of Houses

of Parliament buildings -

3. For expenditure in respect of labour

and health buildings, Great Britain -

4. For expenditure in respect of miscel-

laneous legal buildings -

5. For expenditure in respect of Osborne -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works and Buildings -

7. For expenditure in respect of sundry

public buildings in Great Britain, not provided for on other Votes, including historic buildings, ancient monuments, Brompton Cemetery and certain housing estates -

8. For expenditure in respect of public

buildings overseas -

9. For expenditure in respect of Royal

Palaces, including a grant in aid

Carried forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ I

192,370 11,890

86.995 390

460,055 370,090

97.590 750

18,910 5Q5

909,470 1,891,000

3,296,980 161,910

II2,060 7*6f>5

II7705 4*250

5,292,135 2,448,450

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued.

Ch. 38.

3i7

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward - £ 5,292,r35 4 2,448,450

Vote. 10. For expenditure in respect of Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post

Office and telegraph buildings in Great Britain, certain post offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with boats and launches belonging to the Customs and Excise Department 1.469,27s 22,205

11. For expenditure in respect of Royal

parks and pleasure gardens 228,315 16,000

12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of British Dominions and of Foreign Powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department,.and a grant in

aid of the expenses of the London Fire Brigade - - 4,356,268 II4.I85

13. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates 3,439.195 1,041,550

14. For constructing a new harbour of

refuge at Peterhead - - 15,000 —

15. For expenditure in respect of public

works and buildings in Ireland - 49.315 2,515

Total, Civil, Class VII - 14,849,503 3,644,905

SCHED. (B). Past 15.

Civil. fl| Class VII.

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

3i8

SCHED. (B). Part 16. Civil. Class VIII.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16.

CIVIL.-Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and then-dependants and the administrative I £

expenses connected therewith - 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, payments in respect of war pensions, gratuities and allowances, sundry contributions in respect thereof and other services 3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows 237.794

37,008,000 16,000

and children of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory

payments 4. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances and supplementary pensions in respect of civil 1,260,000

employment - 2,450,000 43.943

Total, Civil, Class VIII - 40,955.794 59-943

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

319

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17. Sched. (B).

Part 17.

Civil.

Class IX.

CIVIL.—Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote.

I. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in England and Wales

1

46,025,000

1,103,000

2. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland -

Total, Civil, Class IX - £

6,769,000

163,400

52,794,000

1,266,400

320

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Soiled. (B). Part 18. Civil. Unclassified Services.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18.

CIVIL.—Unclassified Services.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Vote.

1. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries

2. For the cost of the war services of the

Department of Agriculture for Scotland

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

l I

' 100 10

100 10

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aircraft Production

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Economic Warfare -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food -

6. For measures in England and Wales

to deal with casualties and disease, for expenses connected with evacuation, for repair of war damage, and for other services arising out of the war

100

100

100

100

10

10

10

10

7. For measures in Scotland to deal with

casualties and disease, for expenses connected with evacuation, for repair of war damage and for other services arising out of the war -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Home Security

Carried forward £

100

10

100

10

800

80

1941- Appropriation Ch. 38. 321

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18—continued. Sched. (B).

Part 18.

Sums not exceeding Un2^fied

Services.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - 800 £ 80

Vote. 9. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Information 100 10

10. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Labour and National Service 100 10

11. For the cost of the war services of the Mines Department of the Board of Trade 100 10

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Petroleum Department of the Board of Trade 100 10

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Shipping - 10 —

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply, including the expenses of the Royal Ordnance Factories 100 10

15. For the cost of war services of the Ministry of Transport - — —

16. For expenditure in connection with the acquisition, storage, preservation and transport of plant and building materials for war purposes 100 10

17. For the salaries and expenses of the War Damage Commission 100 10

18. For the salaries and expenses in connection with war damage to business goods and to private chattels - 100 10

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of War Transport 100 10

Total, Civil, Unclassified Services £ 1,710 170

X

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

322

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19.

Part 19.

Revenue Departments. REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as'appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:-

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. i. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department 1 6,514,700 132,200

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department - 9.705.560 132,300

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones - 93,746,000 3.774.024

Total, Revenue Departments £ 109,966,260 4.038.524

1941*

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

323

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Vote of Credit.)

SCHED. (B).

Part 20. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, for general Navy, Army and Air Services and for the Ministry of Supply in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament, for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war, for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war 1,000,000,000

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 21.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred £

during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, for general Navy, Army and Air Services and for the Ministry of Supply in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament, for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war, for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - 1,000,000,000

SCHED. (B Part ax. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

324

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (C) Part I.

Navy

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C).—Part I.

1

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Navy Services, 1939.

Votes.

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure.

Deficiencies of actual as Surpluses of Surpluses of actual as

compared estimated over compared

with actual gross with

estimated Expenditure. estimated

Receipts. Receipts.

1. Wages, etc., of Officers and Men of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines, and Civilians employed on Fleet Services.

2. Victualling and Clothing for the Navy.

3. Medical Establishments and Services.

4. Fleet Air Arm

5. Educational Services.

6. Scientific Services

7. Royal Naval Reserves.

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, etc.

Section I.—Personnel

Section II.—Materiel

Section III.—Contract Work

9. Naval Armaments

10. Works, Buildings and Repairs at Home and Abroad

11. Miscellaneous Effective Services.

12. Admiralty Office -

13. Non-effective Services (Naval and Marine) —Officers.

14. Non-effective Services (Naval and Marine)—Men.

15. Civil Superannuation, Allowances and Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable and Claims Abandoned.

£ s. £ 5. d. £ s. d. 1 £

8,994.459 15 5 1 539.092 9 n

4.0*8,399 1 5 — 542,471 1 -

317,401 16 - 6,815 11 2 — —

— 5,320 6 II 17,709 - 11 —

68,269 11 7 50,768 13 7 — —

'j 43 I. 3 201,160 1 10

► 13.366,311 14 4 1,812,498 5 6 — 380,726 3 2

- 1,846,076 3 2 42,832 16 5

336,390 19 11 5,267 5 1 — —

397.747 ~ ~ 5,289 17 10

— — 119,641 - 10 1,071 9 4

— 2,531 18 8 130,166 3 11 —

12,898 7 7 1 1 — —

28,970,207 9 5 t 1 1,926,078 9 7 866,423 7 6 1,468.651 1 3

V v

Total Deficits Total Surpluses

£30,896,285 19s. -d. I. £2,335,074 8s. 9

Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit £28,561,211 ios. 3d.

1941.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

Ch. 38.

325

SCHED. (C). Part II.

SCHEDULE (C).—Part II. Army

Services.

Section 5.

Army Services, 1939, Votes. Deficits. Surpluses.

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure. Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ £ s- d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1. Pay, See., of the Army 45.369.158 6 10 1,283,649 16 5 —

2. Territorial Army and — 20,363 - - 7,604,668 5 - —

Reserve Forces.

3. Medical Services 2,427,707 12 IO 25.997 15 10 — —

4. Educational Establish- — 87,409 18 7 359.411 5 7 —

ments.

5. Quartering and Move- 8.403.967 14 5 34.637 2 - — —

ments.

6. Supplies Road Trans- 23,880,138 12 5 86,905 11 3 — —

port and Remounts.

7. Clothing — 235.683 - 11 14.647.327 16 4 —

8. General Stores — — 6,470,222 XI 4 60,066 19 1

9. Warlike Stores — 3,163,528 1 5 49.729.397 9 6 —

10. Works, Buildings and — 701,204 9 5 1,232,366 9 1 —

Lands.

11. Miscellaneous Effective — 139.018 3 6 16.355 8 3 —

Services.

12. War Office 685,897 - 2 9.899 5 5 — —

13. Half-pay, Retired Pay — 2.559 3 8 237.146 13 8 —

and other Non-effec-

tive Charges for Offi-

cers.

14. Pensions and other — 9,261 15 3 250,135 6 6 —

Non-effective Charges

for Warrant officers.

Non-commissioned

Officers, men and

others.

15. Civil Superannuation, 10,194 15 7 493 14 " — —

Compensation and

Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable 343.084 5 8 — — —

and Claims Aban-

doned.

81,120,148 7 11 5,800,610 17 8 80,547.031 5 3 60,06619 1

Total Deficits Total Surpluses

£86,920,759 5s. 7d. V. £80,607,098 4s. 4d. J

V Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit £6,313,661 IS. 3d.

326

Ch. 38.

Appropriation

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

SCRBD. (C). Part III.

Air

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C).—Part III.

Air Services. 1939, Votes. Deficits. Surpluses.

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure. Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ d. 1 $. d. £ s. d. £ d.

1. Pay, Ac., of the Royal 8.761,503 14 11 392.193 4 2

Air Force.

2. Quartering, Non-Tech- 3.295.175 3 3 — — 67.199 17 11

nical Stores, Supplies

and Transportation.

3. Technical and Warlike 22,454,887 12 10 3.743.776 15 1 — —

Stores.

4. Works, Buildings and Lands. 6,942,836 15 7 474,187 18 9 — —

5. Medical Services 186.485 6 7 34.748 19 9 — —

6. Technical Training and — 6.494 6 3 781,846 12 8

'Educational Services.

7. Reserve and Auxiliary — 5io 18 5 3,809,460 9 - —

Forces.

8. Civil Aviation — 103,121 14 3 2,845,112 18 5 —

9. Meteorological and Mis- — 407.013 7 7 584 7 2

cellaneous Effective

Services.

10. Air Ministry 369,786 8 3 21,318 12 6 — —

11. Half-pay. Pensions and 33>678 4 5 25.695 8 10 — —

other Non-effective

Services.

Balances Irrecoverable 6,101 1 9 — — —

and Claims Aban-

doned.

42.050,454 7 7 5,002,052 18 - / 7.843.433 7 8 V 67.784 5 1

Total Deficits Total Surpluses

j£47.°52.507 5s- 7 £7,911,217 12 9d.

Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit £39,141,289 125. I0d.

boog le

1941. National Health , Ch. 39.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 39.

National Health Insurance, Contributory Pensions and Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

National Health Insurance and Contributory Pensions. Section.

1. Increase of rates of sickness and disablement benefit.

2. Increase of rates of contribution.

3. Increase of remuneration limit.

4. Increased cost of medical benefit and administration expenses.

5. Increased provision for reserve values.

6. Special Suspense Fund and Reserve Suspense Fund.

7. Unemployment Arrears Fund and Central Fund.

8. Power to adapt Insurance Acts and Pensions Acts to war-time

conditions.

9. Provision for increased expenditure.

10. Interpretation.

11. Application to Northern Ireland.

12. Construction, commencement and repeal.

- Part II.

Workmen's Compensation.

13. Increase of remuneration limit for purposes of workmen's compensation.

Part III. General.

14. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Rates of benefit.

Second Schedule.—Rates of contributions. Third Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to increase the rates of sickness and disablement benefit and the rates of contribution payable under the Acts relating to National Health Insurance, to extend the said Acts to persons employed otherwise than by way of manual labour at a rate of remuneration exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds a year, and in connection therewith to amend the Acts relating to widows', orphans' and old age contributory pensions and

328 Ch. 39. National Health Insurance, 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

certain other enactments; to enable any of the Acts aforesaid to be adapted by regulations to wartime conditions; and to amend paragraph (a) of subsection

(2) of section three of the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1925.

[7th August 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

National Health Insurance and Contributory Pensions.

Increase of rates of sickness and disablement benefit.

1. — (1) Each of the rates of benefit specified in section forty-four of the Insurance Act (which relates to the rates of sickness and disablement benefit) shall be increased by three shillings a week and accordingly—

(a) the said section shall have effect as set out in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act; and

(i) the provisions of the enactments mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule, being provisions relating to benefit under the Insurance Act, shall be adjusted in the manner provided in that Part of that Schedule.

(2) Where the Minister is satisfied as regards any scheme which has been confirmed under section fifty-six of the Insurance Act that, by reason of the increase in the rates of benefit for which provision is made by this section, the value of the benefits conferred by the scheme is no longer equivalent to the value of the benefits for which they are substituted, the Minister may by order revoke the scheme.

(3) The Minister may make regulations under the Insurance Act as respects the continuance and cancellation of certificates granted under paragraph (6), (c) or (d) of Part II of the First Schedule to that Act (which except certain employments where the Minister certifies that the terms thereof are such as to secure provision in respect of sickness and disablement on the whole not less favourable than benefits conferred by the Act), in cases where by reason of the increase in the rates of benefit for which provision is made by this section, the terms of the employment no longer in his opinion comply with the requirements of the paragraph under which the certificate was issued.

Increase of 2. The employed rate of contributions payable under the

rates of Insurance Act shall be increased by twopence a week, and the

contribution. rate of the contributions payable by employed contributors and

1941- National Health Insurance, Ch. 39.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

the rate of the contributions payable by their employers shall be increased in each case by one penny a week; and accordingly—

(a) Part I of the Second Schedule to the Insurance Act shall have effect as set out in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act; and

(b) the provisions of the Insurance Acts and the Pensions

Acts mentioned in Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act, being provisions relating to contributions, shall be adjusted in the manner provided in that Part of that Schedule.

3. — (1) The following provisions of the Insurance Act shall have effect as if for the words "two hundred and fifty pounds " in each place where they occur, there were substituted the words "four hundred and twenty pounds " namely—

(a) paragraph (A) of Part II of the First Schedule (which includes among excepted employments employment otherwise than by way of manual labour at a rate of remuneration exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds a year);

(b) subsection (2) of section thirty-four (which provides that

a voluntary contributor whose total income exceeds two hundred and fifty pounds a year shall not be entitled to medical benefit);

(c) proviso (6) to subsection (3) of section thirty-four (which requires an exempt person whose total income exceeds two hundred and fifty pounds a year to make his own arrangements for receiving medical treatment and attendance).

(2) In the following provisions of the Pensions Act (which are related to the said paragraph (k) of Part II of the First Schedule to the Insurance Act), namely subsections (4) and (5) of section seventeen and the Second Schedule, for the words "two hundred and fifty pounds a year " in each place where they occur there shall be substituted the words "the amount of the health insurance limit for non-manual workers ", and for the purpose of the said provisions the expression " the amount of the health insurance limit for non-manual workers " shall mean—

(a) in the application of the said provisions to any period before the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and nineteen, one hundred and sixty pounds a year;

(&) in the application of the said provisions to any period after the twenty-ninth day of June, nineteen hundred and nineteen and before the fifth day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two, two hundred and fifty pounds a year; and

329

Part I.

—cont.

Increase of remuneration limit.

330

Part I.

—cont.

i Edw. 8. & i Geo. 6. cc. 68 & 69.

Increased cost of medical benefit and administration expenses.

Ch. 39. National Health , 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

(c) in the application of the said provisions to any period after the fourth day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two, four hundred and twenty pounds a year.

(3) If any question arises under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 1 of the Fourth Schedule to the Pensions Act (which relates to persons who died before the fourth day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six) whether contributions would have been payable under that Act if that Act had been in force before that date, that question shall be determined as if for the words "four hundred and twenty pounds", wherever they occur in the said paragraph (k) of Part II of the First Schedule to the Insurance Act as amended by this Act, there were substituted—

(a) in a case where the question arises as respects a period

before the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and nineteen, the words "one hundred and sixty pounds"; and

(b) in a case where the question arises with respect to a

subsequent period, the words "two hundred and fifty pounds

(4) Where—

(a) a free or extended insurance period to which any person is entitled by virtue of section six or section seven of the Insurance Act (whether as originally enacted or as applied by regulations made under any provision of the Insurance Acts) ends on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-one; and

(b) on any of the four days beginning with the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two, that person is not employed within the meaning of the Insurance Act, but would have been so employed if paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section had then been in force;

the free or extended insurance period, as the case may be, shall be extended so as to expire with the fifth day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

(5) Nothing in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall affect the definition of the expression " officer " contained in subsection (1) of section forty of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, or in subsection (1) of section thirty-four of the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937; and accordingly the reference in the said definition to the Insurance Act shall continue to be construed as if the said paragraph (a) had not been enacted.

4. — (1) The maximum yearly rate of the sum which, under subsection (2) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Insurance Act may be applied for the purpose of meeting the cost of medical benefit, the administration expenses of insurance committees,

1941- National Health Insurance, Ch. 39.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

33i

and expenses incurred by the Minister, shall be fourteen shillings Part I. and sixpence (instead of thirteen shillings) per year in respect cont% of each of the total number (calculated in the prescribed manner) of the persons who are entitled to medical benefit as being or having been members of an approved society.

(2) So much of the said subsection (2) as limits the sums payable to insurance committees on account of their administration expenses to sixpence in respect of each of the total number aforesaid, and limits the sums payable to the Minister on account of his expenses to threepence in respect of each of that number, shall cease to have effect, and the sums so payable shall not exceed such sums as may be prescribed.

(3) This section shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

5. Section one hundred and forty-four of the Insurance Act Increased (which requires the Minister to retain certain sums out of weekly provision contributions paid and to apportion a part thereof among approved societies in respect of reserve values) shall have effect subject to

the following amendments :—

(a) the sum to be retained under paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) shall be one penny and two-fifths of a penny (instead of one penny and one-tenth of a penny) in the case of a man, and nineteen-twentieths of a penny (instead of four-fifths of a penny) in the case of a woman;

(b) the sum to be apportioned in respect of reserve values

under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) shall be one penny and three-twentieths of a penny (instead of seventeen-twentieths of a penny) in the case of a man, and seven-tenths of a penny (instead of eleven-twentieths of a penny) in the case of a woman;

(c) the rate of the interest on the amount of reserve values for which provision is required to be made by paragraph

(a) of subsection (2) shall be three and one-half per centum instead of three per centum.

6. — (1) The Special Suspense Fund constituted by subsection (2) Special

of section four of the Old Age and Widows* Pensions Act, 1940, shall Suspense Fund

be wound up, and the balance standing to the credit of that fund

shall be transferred to the Reserve Suspense Fund. Fund.

(2) There shall be debited to the Reserve Suspense Fund instead 3 *4 Geo. 2 6* of the Special Suspense Fund any expenditure required to be 3’

debited to the last mentioned fund by subsection (4) of the said

section four (which relates to expenditure during the transitional

period in respect of sickness payments and the administration

thereof).

332

Part I.

—cont.

Unemployment Arrears Fund and Central Fund.

Ch. 39. National Health Insurance, 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1941.

(3) The Government Actuary shall estimate and certify—

(a) the amount by which the balance transferred under subsection (1) of this section exceeds the aggregate amount required to be debited to the Reserve Suspense Fund under subsection (2) of this section; and

(ft) as respects every society having women amongst its members, the amount by which the liabilities of the society in respect of those members are increased by reason of the'passing of this Act;

and a grant equal in the aggregate to the amount certified under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be apportioned among and credited to such societies as aforesaid in proportion to the amounts certified under paragraph (ft) of this subsection, and debited to the Reserve Suspense Fund.

(4) The National Health Insurance Joint Committee, after consultation with the Government Actuary, shall make a scheme for determining the amount of the additional assets required to be held by each approved society, in excess of any grant credited to the society under the last foregoing subsection, to meet the increase in its liabilities occasioned by the passing of this Act; and there shall be debited to the Reserve Suspense Fund and credited to each society additional reserve values of an amount equal to the amount of the additional assets determined in accordance with the scheme to be so required by the society.

(5) In this section any reference to an approved society shall be construed—

(a) as including a reference to the Deposit Contributors Insurance Section and to the Navy, Army and Air Force Insurance Fund; and

(ft) in the case of a society having branches, as a reference to each of those branches;

and where a society or branch having amongst its members both men and women is treated, by virtue of section one hundred and sixteen of the Insurance Act, as a society or branch consisting of two branches, the one consisting of men and the other of women, it shall be treated in like manner for the purposes of this section.

(6) This section shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

7. — (1) The sum which, under subsection (3) of section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Insurance Act, is to be credited to an approved society out of the Unemployment Arrears Fund in respect of arrears of contributions of its members, other than

I941- National Health Insuranc, Ch. 39. 333

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

masters and seamen serving on foreign-going ships, shall be Part I.

calculated at the rate of fourpence halfpenny instead of three- —com.

pence halfpenny.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect as respects arrears of contributions accruing during any period beginning on or after the fifth day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

(2) So much of subsection (2) of section one hundred and fifty-four of the Insurance Act as provides for the repayment to approved societies of certain sums expended by them in paying maternity benefit shall cease to have effect.

(3) The sum to be transferred from the Pensions Account in respect of each half year under the proviso to subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Pensions Act in respect of sums collected on account of contributions payable under that Act in respect of persons employed within the meaning of the Insurance Act, being men who have attained the age of sixty-five or women who have attained the age of sixty, shall—

(a) in the case of every half year ending after the thirtieth

day of June, nineteen hundred and forty-one, be transferred to the Unemployment Arrears Fund instead of to the Central Fund; and

(b) in the case of every half year ending after the thirty-first

day of December, nineteen hundred* and forty-one, be a sum equal to fivepence halfpenny (instead of fourpence halfpenny) multiplied by the number of contributions ascertained by the Minister to represent the sums so collected.

8. — (1) The Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may Power to by regulations modify or suspend the operation of such of the adapt provisions of the Insurance Acts and the Pensions Acts, and Insurance make such provision in respect of any of the matters to which Acts

the said Acts relate, as he considers expedient for the purpose to wartime of adapting the provisions of the said Acts to the conditions conditions, arising by reason of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged:

Provided that no such regulations shall—

(a) alter any rate of benefit, rate of pension or rate of

contribution specified in any provision of the said Acts; or

(b) alter the proportion of the funds required for defraying

the cost of benefits and the expenses of the administration thereof which, under section twelve of the Insurance Act, is to be derived from contributions made by or in respect of contributors by themselves or their employers.

334 Ch. 39. National Health , 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

Part I. (2) Any such regulations may provide that they shall be deemed —coni- to have come into operation on a date before the making thereof,

not being earlier than the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

(3) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and sixty-seven of the Insurance Act (which requires regulations to be laid before Parliament) shall apply to regulations made under this section as it applies to regulations made under that Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. . (4) This section shall continue in force so long as the Emergency

c. 62. Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, continues in force:

Provided that, if before the expiration of this section each House of Parliament resolves that any regulation made under this section, or any provision of such a regulation, shall continue in force notwithstanding the expiration of this section, that regulation or provision shall continue in force accordingly.

provision for 9. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parlia-increased ment any increase resulting from the operation of this Part of

expenditure. this Act in expenditure which is authorised to be so defrayed

24 & 25 Geo. 5. under or by virtue of the Insurance Acts, the Pensions Acts, -£0 & the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, the Old Age Pensions

1 Edw. 8. c. 31. Act, 1936, or Part II of the Old Age and Widows Pensions Act, ’ 1940.

Interpretation., 10. In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the 26 Geo. 5. & meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

1 Edw. 8. c. 32. " insurance Act means the National Health Insurance

Act, 1936, as amended by any subsequent enactment; " Insurance Acts ’* means the National Health Insurance Acts, 1936 to 1939;

26 Geo. 5. & " Pensions Act" means the Widows*, Orphans* and Old Age

1 Edw. 8. c. 33. Contributory Pensions Act, 1936, as amended by any

subsequent enactment;

" Pensions Acts means the Widows*, Orphans* and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1936 to 1940.

11. — (1) This Part of this Act, so far as it relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws, shall not extend to Northern Ireland unless and until provision to that effect is made either—

(a) by an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland; or

(b) by an Order of the Governor of Northern Ireland in Council made in pursuance of such an Act;

and if and when such provision is made, this Part of this Act shall extend to Northern Ireland subject to such exceptions and adaptations as may be specified in such Act or Order as aforesaid.

Application to Northern Ireland.

1941. National Health Insurance, Ch. 39.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

For the -purposes of this subsection, the matter to which section eight of this Act relates shall be deemed to be a matter with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws.

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Part of this Act shall be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day.

12. — (1) So much of this Part of this Act as relates to insurance under the Insurance Acts shall be construed as one with the National Health Insurance Acts, 1936 to 1939, and may be dted together with those Acts as the National Health Insurance Acts, 1936 to 1941.

(2) So much of this Part of this Act as relates to insurance within the meaning of the Pensions Acts shall be construed as one with the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1936 to 1940, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Acts, 1936 to 1941.

(3) Any provision of this Part of this Act which enables the Minister to make regulations and the provisions of the last foregoing section shall come into operation on the date of the passing of this Act, and any other provision of this Part of this Act shall, except where otherwise expressly provided, come into operation on the fifth day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

(4) The enactments set out in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

Part II.

Workmen’s Compensation.

13. — (1) Paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section three of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925 (which excepts from the definition of the expression " workman " in that Act persons employed otherwise than by way of manual labour whose remuneration exceeds three hundred and fifty pounds a year) shall have effect as if for the words "three hundred and fifty pounds " there were substituted the words "four hundred and twenty pounds".

(2) This section shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1940, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Workmen's Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1941.

335

Part I.

—cont.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Construction, commencement and repeal.

Increase of remuneration limit for purposes of workmen’s compensation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 84.

336 Ch. 39. National Health Insurance, 4 & 5 Geo. 6. Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

[Short title.] Part III. General. 14. This Act may be cited as the National Health Insurance, Contributory Pensions and Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1941.

SCHEDULES.

Section 1. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rates of sickness and disablement benefit. Rates of Benefit. Part I. Section Forty-four of the Insurance Act as amended by this Act. 44. The ordinary rate of sickness benefit shall be, in the case of a man, eighteen shillings a week, and, in the case of a woman, thirteen shillings a week during the subsistence of any marriage and fifteen shillings a week at any other time; and the ordinary rate of disablement benefit shall be, in the case of a man, ten shillings and sixpence a week, and, in the case of a woman, eight shillings a week during the subsistence of any marriage and nine shillings a week at any other time: Provided that, until one hundred and four weeks have elapsed since the entry of an insured person into insurance and one hundred and four weekly contributions have been paid by or in respect of that person, the rate of sickness benefit to which that person shall be entitled shall be, in the case of a man, twelve shillings a week, and, in the case of a woman, ten shillings and sixpence a week. Part II. Adjustment of Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Benefit. 1. The amount by which the rate of any sickness or disablement benefit is to be reduced, under subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-two of the Insurance Act, throughout a period in respect of which a pension is payable in respect of disablement in the highest degree in consequence of the late war, shall be increased from seven shillings and sixpence to ten shillings and sixpence a week.

1941- National Health , Ch. 39.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

2. The amount of benefit under the Insurance Act which is required to fie disregarded—

(a) under paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section thirty-eight

of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934, in computing the resources of any person for the purpose of determining the need and assessing the needs of an applicant for an allowance under that Act;

(b) under the said paragraph (a) as applied by section ten of the

Old Age and Widows’ Pensions Act, 1940, in computing the resources of any person for the purpose of determining the need and assessing the needs of an applicant for a supplementary pension under the last-mentioned Act;

(c) under the said paragraph (a) as applied by section two of the

Blind Persons Act, 1920 (as amended by section two of the Blind Persons Act, 1938), in computing the resources of any person for the purpose of determining the needs of a blind person; and

(d) under subsection (2) of section forty-eight of the Poor Law Act,

1930, and subsection (1) of section eleven of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1934, in granting or affording out-door relief;

shall be the first ten shillings and sixpence instead of the first seven shillings and sixpence of such benefit; and accordingly such of the provisions of any regulations in force immediately before the fifth day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-two, under section thirty-eight of the Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934 or under that section as applied with modifications by section ten of the Old Age and Widows' Pensions Act, 1940, as are contained therein by virtue of paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of the said section thirty-eight shall have effect with the substitution for references to the first seven shillings and sixpence a week of such benefit of references to the first ten shillings and sixpence a week of such benefit.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rats of Contributions.

Part I.

Part I. of Second Schedule to Insurance Act as amended

by this Act.

Rates of Contributions in respect of Employed Contributors.

In the case of men 11 a week.

In the case of women io^d. a week.

Y

337

1ST SCH. —coni.

10 ft 11 Geo. 5. c. 49.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 11.

20 ft 21 Geo. 5. c. 17.

24 ft 25 Geo. 5 c. 52.

Section 2.

Ch. 39. National Health Insurance, 4 5 Geo. 6-

Contributory Pensions and Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1941.

Contributions of Employers and Employed Contributors.

In Ordinary Cases.

To be paid by the employer a week.

, ., , ., / men - $\d. a week.

To be paid by the contributor \wome _ . - 5d. a week.

In the case of Low-Wage Earners.

In the case of employed contributors of either sex, of the age of eighteen or upwards, whose remuneration does not include the provision of board and lodging by their employer, and the rate of whose remuneration does not exceed 4s. a working day, the following shall be the rates oi contribution :—

(1) Where the rate of remuneration does not exceed 3s. a working day—

To be paid by the employer "^en

(2) Where the rate of remuneration exceeds 3s 4s. a working day—

To be paid by the employer -To be paid by the contributor I

Part II.

Adjustment of Miscellaneous Prc ' to Contributions.

1. The rate of the contributions payable under section sixteen of the Insurance Act in respect of an exempt person, not being a master or seaman serving on a foreign-going ship, shall be fivepence halfpenny (instead of fourpence halfpenny) per week.

2. The maximum rate of contributions for which provision may be made by order under section twenty-eight of the Insurance Act (which relates to casual or intermittent employment) shall be tenpence (instead of eightpence) in the case of the employer's contribution, fivepence halfpenny (instead of fourpence halfpenny) in the case of the contribution of an employed contributor being a man, and fivepence (instead of fourpence) in the case of the contribution of an employed contributor being a woman.

3. The sum to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament under section one hundred and twenty-nine of the Insurance Act in respect of a man of the forces being a member of an approved society shall be fourpence (instead of threepence) in respect of each ccmtribution week or part of a contribution week for which he receives pay; and the sum which, under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty of that Act, is to be credited to his approved society and to be treated as having been expended on benefits shall be a sum equal to sevenpence (instead of sixpence) for each weekly contribution paid.

- nd. a week.

- io|<f. a week.

but does not exceed

- 6 \d.a week.

- 4 \d.a week.

- 4^. a week.

IONS RELATING

1941- National Health Insurance, Ch. 39. 339

Contributory Pensions and Workmen's Compensation Act, 1941.

4. The sum which, under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section 2nd Sen.

one hundred and thirty-one of the Insurance Act, is to be credited —coni.

to the Navy, Army and Air Force Insurance Fund in respect of a man

of the forces who is not a member of an approved society, and is to be treated as having been expended on benefits, shall be a sum equal to sevenpence (instead of sixpence) for each weekly contribution paid.

5. The amount by which, under subsection (3) of section one hundred and thirty-five of the Insurance Act, the employed rate and the employer’s contribution is to be reduced in the case of a master or seaman serving on a foreign-going ship shall be threepence (instead of twopence halfpenny) a week.

6. The rate of the contribution payable under paragraph (a) of section one hundred and thirty-nine of the Insurance Act in respect of a constable of the metropolitan police force shall be fourpence (instead of threepence) a week; and the sum which, under paragraph (c) of that section, is to be credited to an approved society of which he is a member, and to be treated as having been expended on benefits, shall be a sum equal to sevenpence (instead of sixpence) a week.

7. The weekly rates of the contributions payable in respect of persons engaged in certain war occupations under the following provisions of the National Health Insurance and Contributory Pensions 2 3~Geo. 6. (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, namely paragraph (a) of subsection c- 84-

(2) of section one and sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section two, shall be fourpence (instead of threepence) in the case of a man and threepence halfpenny (instead of twopence halfpenny) in the case of a woman; and the sum which, under section three of that Act, is to be credited to an approved society and to be treated as having been expended on benefits shall be a sum equal to sevenpence (instead of sixpence) for each weekly contribution paid.

8. The following table shall be substituted for the table contained in Part II of the First Schedule to the Pensions Act:—

"Rates of Contributions in respect of Persons employed

WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INSURANCE ACT WHO, BEING MEN,

HAVE ATTAINED THE AGE OF 65, OR, BEING WOMEN, HAVE ATTAINED THE AGE OF 60.

Contributions in case of men IS. IS.

Contributions in case of women 9d. 9d.

340

Ch. 39, 40. National Health Insurance, 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Contributory Pensions and Workmen*s Compensation Act, 1941.

Section 12.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal

26 Geo. 5 ft The National Health In subsection (2) of section

1 Edw. 8. c. 32. Insurance Act, 1936. one hundred and eighteen, the words from " and not exceeding " to " number aforesaid" where they first occur. Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and fifty-four, and in subsection (2) of that section, the words from "in the repayment " to " shall be applied '' where they secondly occur and the words from In this subsection ’’ to the end of the section. Paragraph (6) of subsection (4) of section one hundred and ninety-two.

26 Geo. 5 ft The Widows', Orphans’ In subsection (7) of section

1 Edw. 8. c. 33. and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1936. seventeen, the words from " and shall *' to the end of the section. Paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule.

CHAPTER 40.

War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Rent of lands and heritages which have sustained war damage.

2. Determination of questions under this Act.

3. Provision as to rights of tenants under 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 8of or at

common law.

4. Relief from occupier's rates granted to landlord of small dwelling

house to be passed on to tenant.

5. Relief from obligation to insure against war damage.

6. Power of entry.

7. Interpretation.

8. Extent and citation.

_Digiji;_ by

1941. War Damage to Land Ch. 40. 341

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

An Act to make further provision with regard to the rights of landlords and tenants of lands and heritages in Scotland which have sustained war damage and to obligations to insure against war damage to such lands and heritages and to amend the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939.

[7th August 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Where for any period any dwelling house held under Rent of lands a short lease at a rent not exceeding ninety pounds per annum is and heritages unfit by reason of war damage and is not occupied, either in whole wllich h*ve

•/ u 1 ' sustained wslt

or in part, by the tenant no rent shall be payable under the lease in respect of that period.

(2) Where during any period (a) any such dwelling house as aforesaid is occupied in whole or in part by the tenant while it is unfit by reason of war damage; or

(b) the accommodation in any such dwelling house is substantially reduced by reason of war damage,

there shall be payable by the tenant under the lease, in respect of such period, such rent as may, in default of agreement between the landlord and the tenant, be determined in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained.

(3) Where the rent of any such dwelling house as aforesaid is payable in advance, and the tenant has paid a sum in name of rent in respect of any period for which no rent is payable under subsection (1) of this section, or a reduced rent is payable under subsection (2) of this section, the tenant shall be entitled to recover from the landlord by deduction from rent thereafter becoming due or otherwise, the sum so paid in name of rent, or the excess thereof over the reduced rent as the case may be.

(4) For the purposes of this section, a tenant shall not be deemed to be in occupation of any dwelling house which is unfit by reason of war damage by reason only—

(a) that furniture or other goods belonging to or used by him remain in the dwelling house;

(5) that he visits the dwelling house from time to time for the purpose of removing, or taking steps to preserve, any such furniture or goods; or

(c) that he retains possession of the keys of the dwelling house;

and where the tenant has sublet the whole or any part of the dwelling house, the occupation of the sub-tenant shall, as between

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Ch. 40. War Damage to Land

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

the tenant and his landlord, be deemed to be the occupation of the tenant.

(5) For the purposes of this section, a dwelling house which has been rendered unfit by war damage shall be deemed to be fit if it has been repaired to such an extent as is reasonably practicable having regard to the circumstances prevailing in the locality and sufficient to render the dwelling house reasonably capable of being used for the purposes for which it was used or adapted for use before the occurrence of the war damage, and continues to be in that state of repair.

(6) A man of skill nominated in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained may, failing agreement between the landlord and the tenant, issue on the application of either of them a certificate that the dwelling house has been repaired to the extent mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, and any such certificate shall while it remains in force be conclusive evidence that the dwelling house is fit.

(7) It shall be competent for the tenant to apply for a review of the certificate on the ground that either—

(a) the dwelling house has again become unfit either by reason

of war damage or because the works of repair carried out before the issue of the certificate are no longer effective; or

(b) further repairs have been reasonably practicable having

regard to the circumstances prevailing in the locality since the issue of the certificate and have not been carried out;

and upon such application a man of skill nominated as aforesaid shall, if he is satisfied that on either of the grounds specified in this subsection the certificate should be revoked, revoke the certificate, and give notice of such revocation to the tenant and to the landlord; and from the date on which such notice is given and until the landlord and the tenant otherwise agree or in the absence of agreement until a new certificate is issued under the last foregoing subsection, the dwelling house shall be deemed to be unfit by reason of war damage.

No application for a review of the certificate on the ground specified in paragraph (6) of this subsection shall be made unless a period of not less than three months has elapsed since the issue of the certificate or since the last application on that ground

(8) In exercising functions under the last two foregoing subsections, a man of skill shall have regard to any general directions issued from time to time by the Secretary of State, and different directions may be issued for different areas.

1941- War Damage to Land Ch. 40. 343

(Scotland) Act, 1941.

2. — (1) Any question under subsection (1) or subsection (2) Determination of section one of this Act shall be determined by a man of skill of questions nominated in accordance with the provisions of the next succeeding subsection, and his. determination thereon shall be final.

(2) Such number of persons being registered Architects or Fellows of the Chartered Surveyors* Institution or having other qualifications which the Secretary of State may deem suitable as may be appointed by the Secretary of State shall form a panel from which a man of skill to be nominated for any of the purposes of this Act shall be selected in such manner as the Secretary of State may determine.

Any such appointment made by the Secretary of State may be revoked by him,

(3) The remuneration of a person selected as aforesaid shall be of such amount as may be fixed by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury, and shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

3. — (1) The tenant of any dwelling house held under a short Provision lease at a rent not exceeding ninety pounds per annum shall " rig^s not be entitled to any abatement of rent in respect of war under*1 damage thereto except in accordance with the provisions of 2 & 3 Geo. section one of this Act, and accordingly the power of the Court 6. c. 80, or under section four of the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, j* common 1939, to modify or suspend any term of a lease shall not extend Iaw‘ > to die rent payable for any such dwelling house as aforesaid.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect any right which the tenant of a dwelling house which has sustained war damage may have at common law to abandon his lease, or, save as provided in the last foregoing subsection, the powers of the court under any enactment in relation to any such dwelling house.

4. Where the Landlord of a dwelling house to which the Relief from House Letting and Rating (Scodand) Act, 1911, applies has, occupier’s id pursuance of the Rating (War Damage) (Scodand) Act, 1941,

been granted relief from any proportion of the occupier’s rates of small payable in respect of the dwelling house, the tenant of the dwelling house dwelling house during a period in which the house was wholly to be passed or to a substantial extent incapable of beneficial occupation shall, on to tenant. unless no rent or only a reduced rent was payable in respect of 1 & 2 Geo. 5-that period in pursuance of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of c,j>3, 6 section one of this Act, be entided to recover from the landlord such proportion of any rent paid by the tenant in respect of that period as may, failing agreement between the landlord and the tenant, be determined by the rating authority.

5. Any express obligation to insure lands and heritages Relief from against war damage shall be void and be deemed always to have obligation to been void and any obligation to insure lands and heritages against l^d^m!

344 Ch. 40. War Damage to Land 4 & 5 Geo. 6. (Scotland) Act, 1941. fire or other risks shall be construed as not including and as never having included, an obligation to insure against war damage: Provided that nothing in this section shall affect anything lawfully done before the passing of this Act in consequence of a failure to perform an obligation to insure against war damage.

Power of entry. 6. — (1) Where any lands and heritages have sustained war damage, any person entitled to execute thereon repairs necessitated by such damage, or any person authorised by him, may, if he cannot obtain permission to enter the lands and heritages from the person having the control thereof, or cannot obtain such permission without unreasonable delay, enter the lands and heritages for the purpose of inspection with a view to the execution of repairs, or of executing the necessary repairs, and may use such force as is reasonably necessary for effecting entry. (2) A man of skill shall for the purpose of any function required to be performed by him under this Act in relation to any dwelling house have the like right to enter the dwelling house as is conferred by the last foregoing subsection on a person entitled to execute repairs.

Interpretation. 7. — (1) In this Act— " dwelling house" means a house or a part of a house let as a separate dwelling (together with any offices, or other buildings occupied in connection therewith), and includes a house or part of a house so let a portion of which is used as a shop or office, or for business, trade or professional purposes; " held under a short lease" means held under a lease not

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 113. exceeding one year or by tacit relocation, and where a person retains possession of a dwelling house by virtue of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939, or the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1939, he shall be deemed to be the tenant of a dwelling house held under a short lease; " rent" includes any periodical sum payable by a tenant to his landlord in connection with the occupation of the dwelling house let whether for services, lighting, heating, board, use of furniture or otherwise, and references to rent payable under the lease include references to any such sum contracted to be paid by any agreement; " unfit " in relation to any dwelling house means unfit for the purposes for which the dwelling house was used or adapted for use immediately before file occurrence of the war damage in question, and the expression " fit " shall be construed accordingly.

_ _ ^Ic __

1941- War Damage to Land Ch. 40,41.

(, Scotland) Act, 1941.

(2) In this Act and in the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939, the expression " war damage " shall have the meaning assigned to it by subsections (1) and (2) of section eighty of the War Damage Act, 1941, and subsection (3) of that section shall apply for the purposes of this Act and of the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939, as it applies for the purposes of the War Damage Act, 1941, and the definition of the said expression in the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939, shall accordingly cease to have effect.

8. This Act shall extend to Scotland only, and may be cited as the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 41.

Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Short Tenancies.

Section.

1. Provisions as to short tenancies.

Amendments of principal Act consequent upon War Damage Act, 1941.

2. Conditional notice of retention.

3. Leases comprising separate hereditaments.

4. Effect of certain determinations of War Damage Commission.

5. Obligation to reinstate in case where payment of cost of works is

made.

6. Provisions where tenant retains lease and value payment is made.

7. Modification of lease after reinstatement or reconstruction.

8. Notification by War Damage Commission of determinations, &c.

9. Extension of certain provisions of the War Damage Act, 1941.

Miscellaneous.

10. Application of principal Act to ground leases.

11. Relief from obligation to insure against war damage.

12. Powers of entry of landlord and tenant of damaged land.

13. Apportionment of rent in case of war damage to leased premises.

14. Determination of disputes as to whether premises have been rendered

fit.

15. Provision in case where land sustains damage other than war damage.

16. Proceedings transferred to High Court to be assigned tp special judges.

17. Interpretation.

18. Provision as to Northern Ireland.

19* Citation and construction.

Schedule.

345

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

c. 12.

Extent and citation.

346 Ch. 41. Landlord and Tenant 4 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

An Act to amend the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act, 1939.

[7th August 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

Short Tenancies.

1

1. — (1) Section four of the principal Act (which empowers tenants to disclaim leases or to retain them on altered terms) shall not apply to any short tenancy as hereinafter defined, and the references in Part II of the said Act to a lease, underlease, sub-lease, interest in the term created by a lease, tenant, subtenant, or person having an interest in or derived out of the term created by a lease (except the references in section seven to an underlease or to a person having an interest in the land comprised in a lease) shall be construed as not including references to a short tenancy or, as the case may be, to a tenant holding under a short tenancy.

(2) Where for any period any land let on a short tenancy is unfit by reason of war damage and is not occupied either in whole or in part by the tenant, no rent shall be payable under the tenancy in respect of that period.

(3) Where any such land as aforesaid, or any part thereof, is occupied by the tenant while the land is unfit by reason of war damage, there shall be payable by the tenant in respect of the period of such occupation such rent as may be agreed between him and the landlord or, in default of agreement, as may be fixed by the court.

(4) For the purposes of this section, a dwelling-house let on a short tenancy which has been rendered unfit by war damage shall be deemed at any time to be fit if it has been repaired to such extent as is reasonably practicable at that time, having regard to the circumstances prevailing in the locality, and as is sufficient to render the dwelling-house reasonably capable of being used for housing purposes, and continues to be in that state of repair:

Provided that, if a dwelling-house is deemed to be fit by virtue of this subsection, but the extent of the accommodation therein has been substantially diminished as the Tesult of the damage, the rent payable by the tenant in respect of the period during which the accommodation is so diminished shall be reduced to such extent as may be agreed between him and the landlord or, in default of agreement, as may be fixed by the court.

Provisions as to short tenancies.

Landlord and Tenant

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 41.

347

1941.

(5) If the local authority in whose area any such dwelling-house is situated issue a certificate that the dwelling-house has been repaired to the extent mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, the production of the certificate shall, as respects any period during which the certificate is in force, be sufficient evidence that the house was fit for the purposes of this section during that period, unless the contrary is proved:

Provided that the local authority shall, on the application of the tenant made not less than three months after the issue of the certificate or after his last application, inspect the dwelling-house, and if they are satisfied that—

(a) further repairs have become reasonably practicable since the issue of the certificate and have not been carried out; or

(b) the works of repair carried out before the issue of the

certificate have not been maintained in a reasonably efficient state;

they shall revoke the certificate and serve a notice of the revocation on the tenant and on the landlord, and, as from the date of the service of the notice, the certificate shall cease to have effect except as respects any period before the said date; and, as respects any period after the said date and before the date of the issue of a new certificate under this subsection, the production of the notice shall be sufficient evidence that the dwelling-house was unfit by reason of war damage during that period. Tinless the contrary is proved.

The functions of a local authority under this subsection may be exercised on their behalf by such officers as may be authorised in writing by the authority, and, for the purposes of this subsection, an instrument purporting to be such a certificate as aforesaid and to be signed by an officer of a local authority shall, without further proof, be deemed to be a certificate duly issued, unless the contrary is proved.

(6) Where the court is satisfied, on the application of the landlord of any land let on a short tenancy which has been rendered unfit by war damage, that—

(a) the land is fit:

(b) a period of not less than three months has elapsed since

the land was rendered fit, and during the whole of that period the tenant has not been in occupation of the land either in whole or in part and has not paid any rent in respect of that period or any part thereof; and

(c) the landlord has made all reasonable efforts to communi-

cate with the tenant and has failed to do so;

the court may, if it thinks fit, determine the tenancy and give immediate possession of the tenant's interest in the land and.

348

Ch. 41.

Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

where the tenant has sub-let the whole or any part of the land, the court may give directions preserving the rights of the subtenant or determining those rights, either immediately or after the landlord has complied with such requirements as may be specified.

(7) The landlord or tenant of any land let on a short tenancy may at any time apply to the court to determine whether the land is or was at any time unfit by reason of war damage or any other question arising under this section in relation to the tenancy.

(8) For the purposes of this section, a tenant shall not be deemed to be in occupation of any land which is unfit by reason of war damage by reason only—

(a) that furniture or other goods belonging to or used by him remain on the land;

(b) that he visits the land from time to time for the purpose of

removing, or taking steps to preserve, any such furniture or goods; or

(c) that he retains possession of the keys of any buildings

or works situated on the land;

and where the tenant has sub-let the whole or any part of the land, the occupation of the sub-tenant shall, as between the tenant and his landlord, be deemed to be the occupation of the tenant.

(9) Where, under the principal Act, a notice of disclaimer has been served, or a notice of retention has been or is deemed to have been served, before the passing of this Act, in relation to any short tenancy, this section shall not, unless the notice is of no effect, apply to that tenancy.

(10) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" dwelling-house" means a house or a part of a house let as a separate dwelling and does not exclude a house or part of a house so let by reason only that part of the premises is used as a shop or office or for business, trade or professional purposes;

" local authority" means the Common Council of the City of London, the council of a metropolitan borough, the council of a county borough or the council of a county district;

" rent", in relation to any short tenancy, includes any periodical sum payable by the tenant to the landlord in connection with his tenancy, whether for services, lighting, heating, board, use of furniture, or otherwise,

1941*

Landlord and Tenant

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 41.

349

and references to rent payable under the tenancy include references to any such sum contracted to be paid by any agreement;

" short tenancy" means any tenancy or sub-tenancy which the tenant is entitled to determine at any time by a notice expiring not later than the end of the next complete quarter or the next complete period of three months of the tenancy, and, in a case where a person is holding over any land, which he previously held under a short tenancy, by virtue of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939, the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941, or the Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941, he shall be deemed to be holding the land under a short tenancy.

Amendments of principal Act consequent upon War Damage Act, 1941.

2. — (1) Where—

(a) a notice of retention served under the principal Act by the tenant of land which is unfit by reason of war damage contains a statement that the notice is conditional and will be treated as a notice of disclaimer if the War Damage Commission determine to make a value payment under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of the war damage; and

(b) a copy of the notice is, within one month from the service

thereof on the landlord, served on the War Damage Commission;

the notice shall have effect in accordance with the following provisions of this Act, and is hereafter in this Act referred to as a " conditional notice of retention".

(2) As soon as the War Damage Commission have determined whether the payment under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of the war damage to any land to which a conditional notice of retention relates is to be a payment of cost of works or a value payment, they shall serve a notice on the tenant stating their determination, and if the Commission determine to make a value payment subsections (2) and (3) of section eight and subsections (1) to (3) of section nine of the principal Act (which relate to the effect of a notice of disclaimer) shall have effect, as from the date on which the determination becomes final, as if—

(a) the conditional notice of retention were a notice of disclaimer served on that date;

4 A 5 Geo. 6., c. 24.

Conditional notice of retention.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 12.

350 Ch. 41. Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

(b) the reference in subsection (2) of section eight to a notice

of disclaimer in respect of a sub-lease included a reference to a conditional notice of retention; and

(c) the reference in subsection (3) of section nine to the period allowed under the Act for serving a notice to avoid disclaimer were a reference to a period of one month or such longer period as the court may allow.

(3) Within fourteen days of the said date the tenant shall serve on the landlord and on any person claiming immediately under the tenant (whether as assignee, mortgagee or lessee) in respect of an interest in the land comprised in the lease a notice stating that the conditional notice of retention is to be treated as a notice of disclaimer and containing such particulars as are necessary to identify the lease concerned; and every person, other than the landlord, upon whom a notice is served under this subsection shall, within fourteen days from the receipt of the notice, serve upon every person (other than the person from whom he has received the notice)—

(a) who has immediately derived from him an interest in the land comprised in the lease; or

(b) to whom he has immediately assigned such an interest;

a notice stating the terms of the notice served on him; and any person who fails to comply with the provisions of this subsection shall be liable to make good to any other person any damage suffered by that other person by reason of the failure.

(4) Where a tenant has served a conditional notice of retention, his obligation under section ten of the principal Act to render fit

' the land comprised in the lease shall, pending the War Damage

Commission’s determination with respect to the kind of payment to be made in respect of the war damage to the land, be deemed to be limited to an obligation—

(a) to execute all such works as are reasonably practicable

for temporarily meeting the circumstances created by the damage;

(b) to take such steps as may be necessary from time to

time for the purpose of enabling the Commission to make the said determination; and

(c) to take such steps as are reasonably practicable to secure that, if the Commission determine that the payment is to be a payment of cost of works, the necessary works will be executed without delay;

and any question arising under section ten of the principal Act as to whether there has been unreasonable delay on the part of

1941- Landlord and Tenant Ch. 41. 351

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

the tenant in rendering the land fit shall be determined accordingly.

(5) Section six of the principal Act (which relates to the determination of disputes as to the unfitness of premises) shall have effect subject to the modifications specified in the Schedule to this Act, and section fifteen of the principal Act (which contains provisions as to leases comprising two or more tenements) shall have effect as set out with modifications in the said Schedule.

(6) Where land comprised in a lease to which a conditional notice of retention relates sustains war damage on a subsequent occasion before the land has been rendered fit, the notice shall, unless it is withdrawn under section twelve of the principal Act, extend to the damage on the subsequent occasion as well as to the original damage, and the reference in subsection (4) of this section to the determination of the War Damage Commission shall be construed as including a reference to their determination in respect of the war damage on the subsequent occasion.

(7) Where a notice of retention has been served, or is deemed to have been served, by a tenant before the date of the passing of this Act, he may, within three months from that date, serve a notice on the landlord containing a statement to the like effect as that mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, and if, within one month from the service of that notice, he serves a copy thereof upon the War Damage Commission, the notice of retention shall be deemed to be a conditional notice of retention.

(8) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the provisions of the principal Act which relate to the effect of a notice of retention shall, pending the determination of the War Damage Commission with respect to the kind of payment to be made in respect of the war damage to the land, apply to a conditional notice of retention in like manner as they apply to an unconditional notice of retention, and, in a case where the Commission do not determine to make a value payment, shall continue so to apply.

3. — (1) Where different parts of the land comprised in any lease Leases to which a conditional notice of retention relates constitute or fall comprising within different hereditaments within the meaning of Part I of ,

the War Damage Act, 1941, and the War Damage Commission 61 1 ent8‘ determine to make a value payment in respect of one or more of, but not all, those hereditaments, the tenant may, within one month of the date on which the determination became final, apply to the court—

(a) to order that the lease shall be treated as if it were two separate leases, one comprising the part or parts of the land in respect of which a value payment is to be made,

352

Ch. 41.

Landlord and Tenant 4 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Effect of certain determinations of War Damage Commission.

and the other comprising the remainder of the land, and that the conditional notice of retention shall be treated as if it were two notices relating to the respective leases; and

(b) to give such consequential directions as to the apportionment of the rent or otherwise as it thinks just, including directions as respects any sub-lease;

and the court, if it considers it equitable to do so, shall make an order accordingly, and subsections (2) and (3) of the last foregoing section shall have effect, in relation to the first-mentioned separate lease, as if the determination of the Commission to make a value payment had become final on the date of the order.

(2) If the tenant does not make an application under the last foregoing subsection, or the court refuses such an application, the tenant may, within one month of the date on which the said determination of the War Damage Commission became final or such longer period as the court may allow in a case where an application is made under the last foregoing subsection, serve a notice on the landlord stating that he elects to treat the conditional notice of retention as an unconditional notice of retention, and the notice shall have effect accordingly and subsections (2) and (3) of the last foregoing section shall not apply.

(3) If the court does not make an order under subsection (1) of this section and the tenant does not serve a notice under die last foregoing subsection, the determination of the War Damage Commission shall have effect, for the purposes of the last foregoing section, as if it were a determination to make a value payment in respect of all the land comprised in the lease, and as if the date on which it becomes final were postponed for one month or, in a case where an application has been made under subsection (1) of this section, for such longer period as the court may fix.

4. For the purposes of the last two foregoing sections of this Act—

(a) where the War Damage Commission determine to make a payment under section fifteen of the War Damage Act, 1941, or determine to make no value payment in a case in which the appropriate payment would be a value payment but, owing to the value of the land as a vacant site, its value in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the damage is no less than its value in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage, the determination shall have effect as if it were a determination to make a value payment;

1941- Landlord and Tenant Ch. 41. 353

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

(b) where, in the case of any such land as is mentioned in subsection (4) of section thirty-nine of the War Damage Act, 1941, the Commission determine to make a payment (other than a payment of cost of works) under paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of that subsection, or determine to make no payment under either of those paragraphs, the determination shall have effect as if it were a determination to make a value payment *

(c) where, in the case of land in respect of which a payment of cost of works would be the appropriate payment, the Commission determine to make a value payment by virtue of section sixteen of the said Act (whether in addition to a payment of cost of works or not), the determination shall not be deemed to be a determination to make a value payment.

5. — (1) Where the War Damage Commission determine that Obligation to the payment under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect reinsta^e in of any war damage to land comprised in a lease is to be a payment pa^ent^f of cost of works, any obligation (whether of the landlord or cost of works tenant) under the principal Act to render the land fit shall, is made, except as may be otherwise agreed and subject to the following provisions of this section, be deemed, as from the date on which the determination becomes final, to be an obligation to reinstate as soon as is reasonably practicable the land in the form in which it existed immediately before the occurrence of the damage, subject to any requirements imposed by the Commission as to the nature of the works, the materials to be lsed therefor or otherwise:

Provided that, if the reinstatement of any part of the land 'ould have been omitted without detracting from its value,

>r the omission thereof would have increased the value of the and, that reinstatement shall not be required to be carried out.

(2) Any question arising as to the works to be carried out by vay of such reinstatement as aforesaid shall be referred to and letermined by the War Damage Commission, and either the andlord or the tenant may, if he is not the person upon whom •he obligation to reinstate is imposed, apply to the Commission or the transfer to him of that obligation on the ground that here has been, or is likely to be, a failure to carry out that >bligation, or to carry it out within a reasonable time, and if the Commission grant the application, there shall be conferred lpon the applicant such powers of entry or otherwise as may be lecessary to enable him to carry out the obligation.

(3) Either the landlord or the tenant may apply to the War )amage Commission for a direction that the reinstatement of

Z

354

Ch. 41.

Landlord and Tenant 4 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

the land shall include alterations and additions to any buildings or works situated on the land, and if the Commission are satisfied that it is reasonable to do so, they may give such a direction:

Provided that, if the cost of reinstatement exceeds the amount of the payment of cost of works, such part of the excess as is attributable to any such alteration or addition shall be defrayed by the applicant.

(4) Where the War Damage Commission determine that the payment under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of any war damage to land comprised in a lease is to be a payment of cost of works, and neither the landlord nor the tenant is under an obligation under the principal Act to render the land fit, the foregoing provisions of this section shall, notwithstanding section one of the principal Act, apply to any obligation to repair under the lease (whether of the landlord or the tenant) which would but for the said section one require him to make good the war damage or the greater part thereof, in like manner as if it were such an obligation to render the land fit; and any question arising under this subsection in relation to any lease shall, on the application either of the landlord or the tenant, be determined by the court.

(5) Where, by reason of the fact that any land comprised in a lease or any part of such land has been sub-let, two or more persons are under an obligation by virtue of this section to reinstate the land, any landlord or tenant, whether under the lease or under any under-lease, may, in default of agreement between all the parties to the lease or any under-lease, apply to the court for a direction as to who is to carry out the said obligation; and the court, after consideration of the terms of the lease and any under-lease and the nature of the interests comprised therein, shall give such a direction, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect accordingly, subject to the modification that any application under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section may be made by any landlord or tenant, whether under the lease or under any under-lease, and in the case of an application under subsection (2) it shall be referred to and determined by the court instead of by the War Damage Commission.

(6) Where any person is under an obligation by virtue of this section to reinstate land comprised in a lease and the land sustains war damage on a subsequent occasion before the reinstatement is completed, the foregoing provisions of this section shall, unless they cease to have effect in relation to the lease by reason of the withdrawal of the notice of retention or the notice to avoid disclaimer under section twelve of the principal Act, be suspended in their application to the lease pending the determination by the War Damage Commission with respect to the kind of payment

1941- Landlord and Tenant Ch. 41. 355

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

to be made under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of the damage on the subsequent occasion, and—

(a) if the Commission determine that the said payment is not

to be a payment of cost of works, the foregoing provisions of this section shall cease to have effect in relation to the lease;

(b) if the Commission determine that the said payment is

to be a payment of cost of works, the said provisions shall again apply to the lease as from the date on which their determination became final, and have effect as if the reference to the occurrence of the damage were construed as a reference to the earliest occasion on which war damage occurred to the land, and the reference to the amount of the payment of cost of works were construed as a reference to the aggregate amount of payments of cost of works made in respect of war damage to the land.

6. — (1) Where the tenant of any land which is unfit by reason of war damage is, by virtue of an unconditional notice of retention, under an obligation to render the land fit, and the War Damage Commission serve a notice on the tenant that they have determined to make a value payment in respect of the damage, then, if—

(a) the tenant, within six months from the date on which the

Commission's determination became final or such further period as the Commission may allow, submits to the persons having such interests in the land as are hereinafter specified proposals for the reinstatement of the land, whether with or without alterations, additions or omissions, or for the construction on the land of buildings or works of the same character as, and of a value not substantially less than, that of buildings or works existing on the land immediately before the occurrence of the damage;

(b) the proposals are accepted by the persons having the said

interests or, if not so accepted, are in the opinion of the Commission, given on an application made by the tenant, such as ought reasonably to have been accepted by those persons; and

(c) the proposals are carried out (subject to such modifications as may be agreed by the tenant and the persons having the said interests or as may be submitted to the Commission by the tenant or any of those persons and approved by the Commission) within such period as is reasonable in all the circumstances;

the whole of the value payment shall, in lieu of being paid as mentioned in section nine of the War Damage Act, 1941, be

Provisions where tenant retains lease and value payment is made.

356

Ch. 41.

Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Modification of lease after reinstatement or reconstruction.

Notification by War Damage Commission of determinations, &c.

paid in like manner as if the reinstatement or construction had been the subject of a payment of cost of works, and any obligation under the principal Act to render the land fit shall be discharged:

Provided that—

(i) this subsection shall not apply to any share of the value

payment apportionable to a lease which has determined before the said proposals have been carried out, not being a lease the tenant under which is, by virtue of an unconditional notice of retention, under an obligation to render the land fit;

(ii) the court may, on the application of any tenant under a lease (not being such a lease as aforesaid) derived from the term created by the lease of the tenant who carried out the proposals, direct that the whole or any part of the share of the value payment apportionable to the lease of the applicant shall be paid as mentioned in section nine of the War Damage Act, 1941, and not in the manner aforesaid.

The interests hereinbefore referred to are the fee simple in the land, any lease comprising the land, and any mortgage of the fee simple or of any lease comprising the land.

(2) Where it appears to the court that in all the circumstances of the case and having regard to any directions given by the Treasury under section seven of the War Damage Act, 1941, it is not reasonably practicable to require a tenant, who is under an obligation by virtue of an unconditional notice of retention to render fit the land comprised in the lease, to carry out that obligation, or to secure the adoption of alternative proposals under subsection (1) of this section, it may, on the application of the tenant, direct that the obligation shall cease to have effect and that the notice of retention shall be treated as if it were a conditional notice of retention and the determination of the War Damage Commission to make a value payment had become final on the date of the direction.

7. Where any lease or any instrument relating to the land comprised in a lease is affected by any change in the land resulting from anything done under the last two foregoing sections of this Act, and in particular any covenant to repair contained in any such lease or instrument is so affected, the lease or instrument shall have effect subject to such adaptation or modification as may be agreed by the parties concerned, or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined by the court.

8. — (1) As soon as the War Damage Commission have determined what kind of payment (if any) is to be made under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of any war damage to land comprised in a lease, they shall, if the landlord or tenant of

Landlord and Tenant

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 41.

357

1941.

the land has made a request in writing to be notified thereof and they are not required to notify him under section two of this Act, serve a notice on him of their determination.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a determination of the War Damage Commission with respect to the kind of payment (if any) to be made under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of war damage to land comprised in a lease shall become

final—

(a) in a case where no appeal against the determination is brought, on the date when the period within which such an appeal may be brought expires; or

(b) in a case where such an appeal is brought, but does not affect the determination of the Commission in any respect material for the purposes of this Act, on the date when the appeal or (if there is more than one) the last such appeal is finally determined or abandoned, or the date when the period within which such an appeal may be brought expires, whichever is the later.

(3) Where any such determination of the War Damage Commission is affected in a material respect as the result of such an appeal, the determination shall cease to have effect for the purposes of this Act and the War Damage Commission shall, as soon as the new determination has been made, give notice thereof in accordance with this Act.

(4) Any copy of a notice required under this Act to be served >n the War Damage Commission, and any request in writing made :o the Commission under subsection (1) of this section, may be served or made by delivering it to an officer of the Commission it any office of the Commission, or by sending it in a prepaid egistered letter addressed to the Commission at any office of the Commission.

9. — (1) Sections fifty-seven, fifty-eight and ninety of the War Extension )amage Act, 1941, and paragraph 6 of the First Schedule to that of certain let (which relate to certain powers of the War Damage Commis- of^Twar ion exercisable in connection with their functions under that Damage Act, let) shall apply in relation to the functions of the Commission 1941. inder this Act, and accordingly the said provisions shall have ffect subject to the following modifications :—

(a) in subsection (1) of section fifty-seven, the references to any other question falling by virtue of Part I of the said Act to be determined by the Commission and to any question arising under the said Part I shall be construed as including references to any question falling to be determined by them under this Act and to any question arising under this Act, respectively, and the reference to a hereditament shall be construed as including a reference to land comprised in a lease;

358

Ch. 41.

Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

(5) in subsection (1) of section fifty-eight, the reference to the functions of the Commission shall be construed as including a reference to their functions under this Act;

(c) in section ninety, the references to the said Act shall

include references to this Act; and

(d) in paragraph 6 of the First Schedule, the reference to questions subject to determination by the Commission under the said Act shall be construed as including a reference to questions subject to determination by the Commission under this Act.

(2) The reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section nine of the War Damage Act, 1941, to any surrender of a tenancy by virtue of the principal Act shall be construed as including a reference to any surrender of a lease resulting from the provisions of subsection (2) of section two of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

Application of 10. — (1) The principal Act shall apply to ground leases in like

principal Act manner as it applies to other leases, and accordingly sections

to ground thirteen and fourteen of that Act shall cease to have effect,

leases.

(2) A notice of disclaimer, a notice of retention, or a notice to elect may be served under section four of the principal Act in respect of war damage to land comprised in a ground lease, whether the damage occurred before or after the passing of this Act.

(3) The following provisions shall apply with respect to notices served before, or proceedings pending at, the passing of this Act:—

(a) a notice of disclaimer, a notice of retention or a notice

to elect served before the passing of this Act in relation to any lease shall not be deemed to be of no effect on the ground that the lease is a ground lease, unless the court has so determined before the passing of this Act under section fourteen of the principal Act, or the parties have so agreed (whether expressly or impliedly) before the passing of this Act, and in that case the serving of the said notice shall be without prejudice to the serving of a new notice;

(b) where proceedings under section thirteen or section

fourteen of the principal Act are pending at the passing of this Act they shall be discontinued upon such terms as the court thinks just, and, in the case of proceedings under the said section fourteen relating to a notice of disclaimer or a notice to elect, the court may extend the period allowed under the principal Act within which

1941.

Landlord and Tenant

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 41.

359

a notice to avoid disclaimer may be served by the landlord, or, as the case may be, the notice to elect is to be complied with by the tenant, to such date as the court may fix;

but nothing in this section shall affect any order of the court made before the passing of this Act under section thirteen of the principal Act, and the court shall not exercise its powers under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section nine of the principal Act—

(i) in a case where a notice of disclaimer in respect of a lease which the court is satisfied is a ground lease has been served before the passing of this Act, so as to make the surrender of the lease, or of any sub-lease derived out of the term created by the lease, take effect on a date earlier than the date when the notice was served; or

(ii) in a case where a notice of disclaimer is served after the passing of this Act in respect of such a lease as aforesaid, so as to make the surrender of the lease or of any such sub-lease take effect on a date prior to the passing of this Act.

11. Any express obligation to insure land against war damage Relief from shall be void and be deemed always to have been void, and any pbligation to obligation to insure land against fire or other risks shall be construed as not including, and as never having included, an obligation to insure against war damage, and any proceedings

pending at the passing of this Act relating to any such obligation to insure land against war damage shall be discontinued upon such terms as the court thinks just:

Provided that the foregoing provision shall not affect the . exercise before the passing of this Act of any right or remedy arising in consequence of a failure to perform an obligation to insure against war damage, but the court may, on the application of any person prejudiced by the exercise of any such right or remedy, grant such relief as it thinks just.

12. — (1) Where any building or works on land comprised in a lease is or are unfit by reason of war damage, and urgent repairs to the building or works are necessary to prevent deterioration and are not being executed, any person who has the fee simple in the land or a lease of the land or is a mortgagee of the fee simple or a lease, or any person authorised by any such person as aforesaid may, if he cannot obtain permission to enter upon the building or works from the person having control thereof, or cannot obtain such permission without unreasonable delay, enter upon the building or works for the purpose of executing the necessary repairs, and may use such force as is reasonably necessary for effecting entry.

Powers of entry of landlord and tenant of damaged land.

360

Ch. 41.

Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Apportionment of rent in case of war damage to leased premises.

Determination of disputes as to whether premises have been rendered fit.

Provision in case where land sustains damage other than war damage.

(2) Any tenant of any land which is unfit by reason of war damage shall be entitled, notwithstanding that he has served a notice of disclaimer, to enter upon the land for the purpose of taking any measures necessary to preserve or remove any furniture or other goods belonging to or used by him.

13. Where—

(a) any lease is deemed to have been surrendered by virtue

of section eight of the principal Act (which relates to the effect of a notice of disclaimer); or

(b) the rent payable under any lease ceases to be payable

for any period by virtue of section ten or section eleven of the principal Act (which relate to the effect of a notice of retention and a notice to avoid disclaimer respectively), or, in the case of a short tenancy to which section one of this Act applies, by virtue of that section;

the rent payable in respect of the period during which the surrender takes effect or the rent ceases to be payable as aforesaid shall be apportionable, whether the rent under the lease is payable in advance or otherwise, and any rent paid by the tenant in respect of that period in excess of the amount apportionable to the part of the period preceding the date on which the surrender takes effect or the rent ceases to be payable, as the case may be, shall be recoverable by him.

14. Where—

(a) the land comprised in any lease has been rendered unfit

by war damage and a notice of retention or a notice to avoid disclaimer has been served in respect of the lease; and

(b) repairs have been carried out to the land;

either the landlord or the tenant may apply to the court to determine whether the land has been rendered fit and, if so, the date on which it was rendered fit.

15. — (1) Where—

(a) any land comprised in a lease has been reinstated or redeveloped under this Act, or has otherwise been rendered fit in pursuance of ah obligation imposed under the principal Act;

(b) the cost of reinstatement, of redevelopment or of

rendering the land fit has been increased by reason of any damage or dilapidation occurring to the land, not being war damage or ordinary wear and tear; and

(c) the person by whom the land was reinstated, redeveloped

or rendered fit would have been entitled, but for section one of the principal Act, to require any person, being his landlord or tenant under any lease comprising the

1941.

Landlord and Tenant

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

Ch. 41.

361

land, to make good the said damage or dilapidation or any part thereof, or to indemnify him in respect of the cost of making good the said damage or dilapidation or any part thereof;

the first-mentioned person shall be entitled to recover from his said landlord or tenant the amount by which the said cost has been so increased, or, as the case may be, such part x>f the said increase as is attributable to the said part of the damage or dilapidation.

(2) Any person from whom any sum has been recovered under this section shall have the like right (if any) to recover that sum or any part thereof from any person, being his landlord or tenant under any lease comprising the land, as if he himself had reinstated, redeveloped or rendered fit the land.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect any right, whether under the Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1774, or otherwise, in respect of money payable under a policy of insurance in respect of any such damage or dilapidation as aforesaid, or any right to damages for a failure to insure land in respect thereof, but any amount recovered by any person, or made available for the reinstatement, redevelopment or rendering fit of the land by any person, by virtue of any such right, shall be deducted from the amount recoverable by that person under this section in respect of that damage or dilapidation.

16. Where any proceedings under this Act or under the principal Act are transferred into the High Court, they shall, so far as is practicable and subject to rules of court and to any power of transfer from one judge to another, be heard and determined in the first instance by one of the judges nominated under section ninety-four of the War Damage Act, 1941.

17. — (1) In this Act the expression " the principal Act" means the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act, 1939.

(2) In this Act and in the principal Act the expression " war damage " shall have the meaning assigned to it by subsections (1) and (2) of section eighty of the War Damage Act, 1941, and subsection (3) of that section shall apply for the purposes of this Act and the principal Act as it applies for the purposes of the War Damage Act, 1941; and the definition of the said expression in the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

(3) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubt that the expression " landlord ", as defined by section twenty-four of the principal Act includes, in relation to any lease, a mortgagee of the lessor’s interest who is in possession of that interest or has appointed a receiver of the rents and profits thereof.

14 Geo. 3. c. 78.

Proceedings transferred to High Court to be assigned to special judges.

Interpretation.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 72.

362 Ch. 41. Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

(4) In subsection (2) of section ten of the principal Act (which defines the expression " rent "), for the words "any periodical sum payable by the tenant in connection with the occupation of the land comprised in the lease " there shall be substituted the words " any periodical sum payable by the tenant to the landlord in connection with his tenancy", and the references to the definition of the said expression in sections eleven and twelve of the principal Act shall be construed accordingly.

(5) Where the land comprised in a lease as respects which a conditional notice of retention is served is part of a hereditament within the meaning of Part I of the War Damage Act, 1941, any reference in this Act to a payment made under Part I of that Act in respect of the war damage to the land shall be construed as a reference to so much of any payment made in respect of the war damage to the hereditament as is attributable to the war damage to the land.

(6) References in this Act to buildings or works on land shall be construed as including references to buildings or works under and over land.

Provision as to Northern Ireland.

18. The power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, conferred by section twenty-five of the principal Act and extended by this Act, to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of the principal Act and this Act, shall include power to make the like provision with respect to the War Damage Commission and the like modification of certain provisions of the War Damage Act, 1941, as is made by this Act.

Citation and 19. This Act may be cited as the Landlord and Tenant (War construction. Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and this Act and that Act may be cited together as the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Acts, 1939 and 1941.

Section 2.

SCHEDULE.

Modifications of section 6 of the principal Act.

In subsection (1), after the words "notice of disclaimer " there shall be inserted the words "or a notice of retention ".

In subsection (4), after the word "section " there shall be inserted the words "in respect of a notice of disclaimer or a notice to elect".

In subsection (5), after the words "notice of disclaimer " there shall be inserted the words "a notice of retention".

1941.

Landlord and Tenant

(War Damage) (Amendment), Act 1941.

Ch. 41.

363

Section 15 of the principal Act as modified.

15. — (1) In relation to a multiple lease section six of this Act shall Provisions as to not apply and the other provisions of this Part of this Act shall have °?‘ effect subject to the modifications specified in this section. moi^se^rate

(2) Where a notice of disclaimer, a notice of retention or a notice to tenements, elect is served with respect to the lease—

(a) the person serving the notice or the person on whom it is served; or

(b) any other person having an interest in or derived out of

the term created by the lease, or having an interest in the reversion immediately expectant on the determination of the lease;

may apply to the court, within one month from the service of the notice, to determine the question whether the tenant should be allowed to exercise the right of disclaimer or retention, either as respects the lease as a whole or as respects one or more of the separate tenements comprised therein, or should not be allowed to exercise that right at all.

(3) If on such an application the court is satisfied that, having regard to the extent of the war damage suffered by the land comprised in the lease as a whole and all the circumstances of the case (including any offers made by the landlord for an extension of the term of the lease or for an alteration of the rent reserved thereby or for any other modification of the terms of the lease) it is equitable to allow the tenant to exercise the said right in respect of the lease as a whole, the court shall give a direction accordingly, and any notice of disclaimer or retention already served shall have effect under this Part of this Act, and the court—

(a) in a case where a notice of disclaimer has been served (whether in compliance with a notice to elect or not) may extend to such date as it may fix the period allowed under this Act within which a notice to avoid disclaimer may be served by the landlord; or

(b) in a case where a notice to elect has been served and has not

been complied with, may extend to such date as it may fix the period allowed under this Act within which the notice to elect must be complied with.

(4) If on such an application the court, having regard to the matters referred to in the last foregoing subsection, is not satisfied that it is equitable to allow the tenant to exercise the right of disclaimer or retention as respects the lease as a whole, but is satisfied that it is equitable to allow him to exercise the said right as respects one or more of the separate tenements comprised therein (hereafter referred to as " the disclaimable tenements "), the court—

(a) shall order that the lease shall be treated as if it were two separate leases, one comprising the disclaimable tenement or tenements, and the other comprising the remainder of the tenements; and

(b) shall give such consequential directions as to the apportion-

ment of the rent and otherwise as it thinks just, including directions as respects any sub-lease comprising a disclaimable tenement and a tenement which is not disclaimable; and

364

Ch. 41, 42.

Landlord and Tenant 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(War Damage) (Amendment) Act, 1941.

(c) shall order that the tenant shall be at liberty to serve a

notice of disclaimer or retention as respects the lease comprising the disclaimable tenement or tenements but not as respects the other lease; and

(d) where a notice of disclaimer or retention has been served

(whether in compliance with a notice to elect or not), shall order that the notice shall be of no effect; and

(e) where a notice to elect has been served, may extend to such

date as it may fix the period allowed under this Act within which the notice to elect must be complied with; and (/) may empower the landlord, if the tenant serves a notice of disclaimer as respects the lease comprising the disclaimable tenement or tenements, to enter upon the land comprised in the other lease for the purpose of doing work on the land comprised in the disclaimed lease.

(5) If on such an application the court, having regard to the matters referred to in subsection (3) of this section, is not satisfied that it is equitable to allow the tenant to exercise the right of disclaimer or retention as respects the lease as a whole or as respects one or more of the separate tenements comprised therein, the court shall direct that the land comprised in the lease shall not be deemed to be unfit for the purposes of this Part of this Act and that any notice of disclaimer, notice of retention or notice to elect relating thereto shall cease to have effect:

Provided that the court may, if having regard to the extent of the war damage suffered by the land it considers it equitable to do so, order that the rent reserved by the lease shall, until the war damage is made good, be reduced to such extent as may be specified.

(6) Unless an application is made to the court under this section with respect to a notice of disclaimer, a notice of retention or a notice to elect served with respect to a multiple lease, the land comprised in the lease shall be deemed for the purpose of any proceedings pursuant to the notice to have been unfit by reason of war damage at the time when the notice was served.

CHAPTER 42.

Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Amendments of principal Act.

Section.

1. Alternative conditions to be complied with by authorised sellers of

poisons.

2. Extension of local authorities' lists.

3. Amendment as to separate sets of premises.

4. Amendments as to registration of pharmacists.

5. Powers of Statutory Committee over bodies corporate.

6. Exercise of jurisdiction of Statutory Committee.

7. Commencement of ss. 4, 5 and 6.

1941.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

365

Advertisements.

Section.

8. Prohibition of advertisements relating to certain diseases.

9. Prohibition of advertisements relating to abortion.

10. Provisions as to offences under two preceding sections.

Medicines.

11. Disclosure of composition of medicines.

12. Restriction of sale of medicines by unauthorised persons.

13. Provisions as to charges under two preceding sections.

14. Repeal of medicine duties.

General.

15. Enforcement by Pharmaceutical Society.

16. Enforcement by food and drugs authorities.

17. Interpretation.

18. Application to Scotland.

19. Short title, citation and extent.

Schedule.—Enactments relating to medicine duties repealed.

An Act to amend the Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933, to prohibit certain advertisements relating to medical matters, and to amend the law relating to medicines.

[7th August 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendments of principal Act.

1. — (1) Where a business comprising the retail sale of drugs is being carried on, so far as it concerns the retail sale of drugs, at two or more sets of premises, it shall not be necessary, in order that the person carrying on the business may be an authorised seller of poisons, to comply with the conditions requiring the business to be under the personal control of a registered pharmacist at any of those sets of premises where no poisons included in Part I of the Poisons List are sold, if the following conditions are complied with in lieu thereof—

(a) the retail sale of drugs, or of drugs and medical appliances, or of drugs and surgical appliances, or of drugs and medical and surgical appliances must not constitute a substantial part of the business carried on at the premises;

(6) before any drug is sold at the premises, it must have been made up for sale in a container elsewhere than at the premises and the container must not have been opened since the time when the drug was made up for sale therein;

Alternative conditions to be complied with by authorised sellers of poisons.

366 Ch. 42. Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(c) drugs must not be dispensed or compounded on the premises;

(d) prescriptions must not be received at the premises, and drugs dispensed or compounded elsewhere than at the premises for the use of a particular person must not be distributed at the premises or despatched therefrom;

(e) subject to the provisions of this section, none of the

following titles, descriptions or emblems must be used in connection with the business carried on at the premises, namely—

(i) the title of " member of the Pharmaceutical Society", " pharmaceutical chemist", " pharmaceutist", "pharmacist", " chemist", or " druggist"; or

(ii) the description " pharmacy"; or

(iii) any title, description or emblem reasonably calculated to suggest that the owner of the business or anyone employed therein possesses any qualification in connection with the dispensing, selling or compounding of drugs or poisons;

(f) the business carried on at the premises must, so far as it concerns the retail sale of drugs, be conducted in accordance with such other conditions (if any) as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State;

(g) the premises must be duly registered under section twelve of the principal Act as amended by this section.

(2) The reference in the preceding subsection to conditions requiring the business to be under the personal control of a registered pharmacist shall be construed as a reference to the conditions specified in the following provisions of the principal Act, namely, paragraphs (a) and (6) of section eight, paragraphs (6) and (c) of subsection (1) of section nine, and subsection (2) of section ten.

(3) The Secretary of State may make regulations for determining whether, in the circumstances specified in the regulations, the retail sale of drugs, or of drugs and medical appliances, or of drugs and surgical appliances, or of drugs and medical and surgical appliances is or is not to be treated for the purpose of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section as constituting a substantial part of the business carried on at any premises.

(4) Paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of this section shall not be construed as prohibiting the use on a container in which drugs are made up for sale, or on any label affixed to or document enclosed in such a container, of the title or description of the person by whom, or the address at which, they were made up for sale, not being the title or description of the person carrying on the business at the premises in question or an address where drugs are sold by retail.

1941.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

3 67

(5) All sets of premises which are required to be registered by paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of this section shall be entered in a separate part of the register kept under section twelve of the principal Act, and the fee that may be prescribed under that section in respect of the registration or retention on the register of any such set of premises shall not exceed one pound.

(6) Where an authorised seller of poisons carries on business at premises required to be registered by paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) every list sent by him to the registrar in pursuance of

subsection (1) of section thirteen of the principal Act shall distinguish between the sets of premises so required to be registered and the other sets of premises where his business, so far as it comprises the retail sale of drugs, is being carried on; and

(b) in the case of any set of premises so required to be

registered, it shall not be necessary for him to comply with the requirements of the said subsection as respects the name of the registered pharmacist having the personal control of the business on each set of premises.

(7) Any regulations made under this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations shall be annulled, the regulations shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(8) In this section—

the expression " dispensed " in relation to a drug, means supplied on and in accordance with a prescription duly given by a registered medical practitioner, a registered dentist or a registered veterinary surgeon;

the expression " medical appliances " includes contraceptives.

2. — (1) On the application of an authorised seller of poisons who wishes to sell at any premises poisons included in Part II of the Poisons List, but neither poisons included in Part I of that list nor drugs, the local authority for the area in which the premises are situated shall enter his name in the list kept by them under section twenty-one of the principal Act as a person entitled,

Extension of local authorities' lists.

368

Ch. 42.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Amendment as to separate sets of premises.

Amendments as to

registration of pharmacists.

subject to the provisions of that Act, to sell on those premises poisons included in the said Part II:

Provided that the local authority may refuse to enter in, or may remove from, the list the name of any person who fails to pay the fees prescribed by rules or who in the opinion of the authority is, for any sufficient reason relating either to him personally or to his premises, not fit to be on the list.

(2) The provisions of subsections (2) to (7) of the said section twenty-one (which relate to appeals from the decision of a local authority to refuse to enter a name in, or to remove a name from, the list, and other incidental matters) shall apply for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section.

(3) Where any premises of an authorised seller of poisons are entered in a local authority's list by virtue of this section, it shall be the duty of the authority under subsection (5) of section twenty-five of the principal Act, and not the duty of the Society under subsection (1) of that section, to take all reasonable steps to secure compliance by him, as respects those premises, with the provisions of Part II of the principal Act and of the rules made thereunder so far as those provisions relate to poisons included in Part II of the Poisons List; and the provisions of subsections

(5) to (10) of that section relating to inspectors shall apply accordingly.

3. Where a separate or distinct part, or two or more separate or distinct parts, of any premises at which a business which comprises the retail sale of drugs is carried on, is or are used for the retail sale of drugs, then, for the purposes of this Act and the principal Act, that part or each of those parts, as the case may be, shall be treated as being a separate set of premises.

4. — (1) Where a person applying to be registered as a pharmacist has been convicted of any such criminal offence or been guilty of such misconduct as would, in the opinion of the Statutory Committee, render him unfit to remain on the register if he were a registered pharmacist, the Committee may, after making inquiry into the case, direct that his name shall not be registered, or shall not be registered until the Committee otherwise directs.

(2) Where a person whose name has been removed from the register under subsection (4) of section one of the principal Act, or a person employed by him in the carrying on of his business, has (whether before or after the removal of his name) been convicted of any such criminal offence as aforesaid or been guilty of such misconduct as aforesaid, the Statutory Committee may, after making inquiry into the case, direct that his name shall not be restored to the register, or shall not be restored until the Committee otherwise directs.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

369

1941.

(3) Where directions are given by the Statutory Committee under the foregoing provisions of this section that the name of a person is not to be registered, or is not to be restored to the register, until the Committee otherwise directs, the Committee may further direct that no further application for the registration of his name, or for its restoration to the register, shall be entertained until the expiration of such period or the fulfilment of such conditions as may be specified in the directions.

(4) Where directions are given by the Statutory Committee under subsection (1) of section seven of the principal Act for the removal of the name of a pharmacist from the register, the Committee may further direct that no application made under subsection (2) of that section for the restoration of his name to the register shall be entertained until the expiration of such period or the fulfilment of such conditions as may be specified in the directions.

(5) Subsections (1), (3), (4) and (5) of section fourteen of the principal Act (which relate to directions given by the Statutory Committee and to appeals therefrom to the High Court) shall have effect in relation to a direction under this section as they have effect in relation to a direction under Part I of that Act.

(6) The Society may appear as respondent on any appeal to the High Court under subsection (3) of the said section fourteen, and, for the purpose of the provisions of subsection (4) of that section enabling the High Court to give directions as to the costs of any such appeal, the Society shall be deemed to be a respondent to the appeal, whether they appear on the hearing of the appeal or not.

5. — (1) The following subsection shall be substituted for Powers of

subsection (3) of section nine of the principal Act— Statutory

, ' Committee

(3) — over bodies

, (a) a body corporate has been convicted of an offence corporate,

under the Pharmacy Acts; or

(b) any member of the board or any officer of a body corporate, or any person employed by a body corporate in carrying on a business, has been convicted of any such criminal offence, or been guilty of any such misconduct as in the opinion of the Statutory Committee, renders him, or would if he were a registered pharmacist render him, unfit to be on the register;

then, whether the body corporate was or was not an authorised seller of poisons at the time when the offence or misconduct was committed, the Committee may inquire into the case and may, subject to the provisions of this Act, direct—

(i) that the body corporate shall, in a case where it is an authorised seller of poisons, cease to be such

2 A

370

Ch. 42.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Exercise of jurisdiction of Statutory Committee.

Commencement of ss. 4, 5 and 6.

Prohibition of advertisements relating to certain diseases.

a seller and, in any case, be disqualified, for such period as may be specified in the directions, from being an authorised seller of poisons; or

(ii) that all or any of the premises of the body corporate shall, in a case where they are registered in the register of premises, be removed from that register and, in any case, be disqualified, for such period as may be specified in the directions, from being registered therein

(2) Subsection (2) of section fourteen of the principal Act (which provides that directions given by the Statutory Committee shall not take effect for three months) shall not apply to directions given under the said subsection (3) as respects a body corporate which is not, at the time when the directions are given, an authorised seller of poisons.

6. — (1) No directions shall be given by the Statutory Committee under section four of this Act, or under subsection (3) of section nine of the principal Act as amended by this Act, except with the assent of the chairman of the Committee.

(2) Subsection (1) of section eleven of the principal Act (which restricts the power of the Statutory Committee to give directions under the foregoing provisions of that Act in cases of default by an employee) shall have effect as if the reference therein to the foregoing provisions of that Act included a reference to the provisions of this Act.

(3) Paragraph 3 of the First Schedule to the principal Act (which empowers the Statutory Committee to make regulations as to the procedure to be followed in exercising the jurisdiction conferred on it by that Act) shall have effect as if the reference therein to that Act included a reference to this Act.

7. The last three preceding sections shall come into operation on such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint.

Advertisements.

8. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall take any part in the publication of any advertisement referring to any article, or articles of any description, in terms which are calculated to lead to the use of that article or articles of that description for the purpose of the treatment of human beings for any of the following diseases, namely, Bright’s disease, cataract, diabetes, epilepsy or fits, glaucoma, locomotor ataxy, paralysis or tuberculosis:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an advertisement published by a local authority, or by the governing

1941.

Pharmacy

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

37*

body of a voluntary hospital, or by any person acting with the sanction of the Secretary of State or the Minister of Health.

(2) In any proceedings for a contravention of the foregoing provisions of this section, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that the advertisement to which the proceedings relate was published only so far as was reasonably necessary to bring it to the notice of persons of the following classes or of one or some of them, that is to say,—

(a) members of either House of Parliament;

(b) members of a local authority;

(c) members of the governing body of a voluntary hospital;

(d) registered medical practitioners;

(e) registered nurses;

(f) registered pharmacists and authorised sellers of poisons;

(g) persons undergoing training with a view to becoming

registered medical practitioners, registered nurses or registered pharmacists;

(h) persons carrying on a business which includes the sale

or supply of surgical appliances.

(3) In this section the expression " hospital " includes a clinic, dispensary or other • institution for the reception of the sick, whether as in-patients or out-patients.

9. Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall take any part in the publication of any advertisement referring to any article, or articles of any description, in terms which are calculated to lead to the use of that article or articles of that description for procuring the miscarriage of women.

10. — (1) If any person contravenes any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be liable on summary conviction—

(a) in the case of a first conviction, to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds; and

(b) in the case of a subsequent conviction, to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) Where, in any proceedings for a contravention of any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections, it is proved—

(a) that an advertisement was published referring to any article, or articles of any description, in terms calculated to lead to the use of that article or articles of that description—

(i) in the case of a contravention of section eight of this Act, for the treatment of human beings for

2 A 2

Prohibition* of advertisements relating to abortion.

Provisions as to offences under two preceding sections.

372

Ch. 42.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Disclosure of composition of medicines.

any such disease as is mentioned in subsection (1) of that section; or

(ii) in the case of a contravention of section nine of this Act, for procuring the miscarriage of women; and

(b) that the advertisement also referred to the article or articles in terms calculated to indicate that it or they were manufactured, produced, imported, sold or offered for sale by the person charged;

then, unless the contrary is proved, it shall be presumed for the purpose of those proceedings that that person took part in the publication of the advertisement, but without prejudice to the liability of any other person.

(3) In any proceedings for a contravention of any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove—

(a) that the advertisement to which the proceedings relate was published in such circumstances that he did not know and had no reason to believe that he was taking part in the publication thereof; or

(b) that the said advertisement was published only in a

publication of a technical character intended for circulation mainly amongst persons of the following classes, or of one or some of them, that is to say—

(i) registered medical practitioners;

(ii) registered nurses;

(iii) registered pharmacists and authorised sellers of poisons;

(iv) persons undergoing training with a view to becoming registered medical practitioners, registered nurses or registered pharmacists;

(v) persons carrying on a business which includes the sale or supply of surgical appliances.

(4) No prosecution for a contravention of any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections shall be instituted without the consent of the Attorney General or Solicitor General.

Medicines.

11. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall—

(a) sell by retail any article consisting of or comprising a

substance recommended as a medicine; or

(b) supply any such article as a sample for the purpose of

inducing persons to buy by retail the substance of which it consists or which it comprises;

1941.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

373

unless there is written so as to be clearly legible on the article or a label affixed thereto, or, if the article is sold or supplied as aforesaid in a container, on the container or a label affixed thereto or, if the article is sold or supplied as aforesaid in more than one container, on the inner container or a label affixed thereto—

(i) the appropriate designation of the substance so recommended, or of each of the active constituents thereof, or of each of the ingredients of which it has been compounded; and

(ii) in a case where the appropriate designation of each of the active constituents or the ingredients is written as aforesaid, the appropriate quantitative particulars of the constituents or ingredients:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any article made up and supplied for the use of a particular person, being an article prescribed by reference to the needs of that person.

(2) In the preceding subsection—

(a) the expression " appropriate designation", in relation to a substance, constituent or ingredient, means—

(i) in a case where the substance, constituent or ingredient is a poison included in the Poisons List, the name with which the container of the poison is for the time being required to be labelled in pursuance of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section eighteen of the principal Act;

(ii) in a case where the substance, constituent or ingredient is not such a poison and is described in any of the monographs contained in the edition of the British Pharmacopoeia or the British Pharmaceutical Codex which was last published before the date on which the article was sold or supplied, the description set out at the head of.that monograph;

(iii) in a case where the substance, constituent or ingredient is not such a poison and is not so described, the accepted scientific name, or other name descriptive of the true nature, of the substance, constituent or ingredient;

(b) the expression " appropriate quantitative particulars",

in relation to the active constituents or the ingredients of a substance, means—

(i) the approximate percentage of each of those constituents or ingredients contained in the substance or the approximate quantity of each of those constituents or ingredients contained in the article sold or supplied; or

374

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Restriction of sale of medicines by unauthorised persons.

Ch. 42. Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

(ii) in a case where the said article consists of or comprises a number of separate portions of the substance, either the approximate percentage or quantity

, aforesaid, or the approximate quantity of each of the constituents or ingredients contained in each portion; and

(c) the expression " container " includes a wrapper.

(3) If any person sells or supplies an article in contravention of the preceding provisions of this section, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be liable on summary conviction—

(a) in the case of a first conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds; and

(b) in the case of a subsequent conviction, to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(4) This section shall come into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

12. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall sell by retail any article consisting of or comprising a substance recommended as a medicine unless he is—

(a) a registered medical practitioner or a registered dentist; or

(b) an authorised seller of poisons; or

(c) a person not being a registered medical practitioner or a

registered dentist or an authorised seller of poisons, but being a person who—

(i) has served a regular apprenticeship to a registered pharmacist, or to a body corporate authorised to sell poisons by virtue of section nine of the principal Act; and

(ii) is at the date of the passing of this Act carrying on on his own account a business which comprises the retail sale of drugs.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act—

(a) an authorised seller of poisons shall not sell by retail

any article consisting of or comprising a substance recommended as a medicine unless the sale is effected at premises duly registered under Part I of the principal Act, not being premises required to be registered by paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act; and

(b) a person mentioned in paragraph (c) of the preceding

subsection shall not sell by retail any such article unless the sale is effected at a shop and the business carried on at that shop, so far as it concerns the retail sale of drugs, is under the personal control of that person.

___

1941.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

375

(3) If any person sells an article in contravention of any of the preceding provisions of this section, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be liable on summary conviction—

(a) in the case of a first conviction, to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds; and

(b) in the case of a subsequent conviction, to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment.

(4) It shall be a defence for a person charged with selling an article in contravention of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section to prove that the sale was effected at a shop, and that the article consisted wholly either—

(a) of a substance produced by drying, crushing, or comminuting (but not subjecting to any other process) a plant or plants or any part thereof, or of a mixture the sole ingredients whereof are two or more such substances, or of a mixture the sole ingredients whereof are one or more of such substances and water; or

(ft) of a natural mineral water, or an artificial imitation thereof.

(5) It shall also be a defence for a person charged with selling in contravention of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section an article consisting of or comprising a substance recommended as a medicine to prove that the sale was effected at a shop, and that the article was sold under a proprietary designation, and either—

(a) that the substance recommended as a medicine, as distinguished from individual constituents or ingredients of that substance, was not described in any of the monographs contained in the edition of the British Pharmacopoeia or British Pharmaceutical Codex which was last published before the date of the passing of this Act or the date on which the substance was first sold by retail under the proprietary designation, whichever date is the later; or

(ft) if the said substance was described in such a monograph, that the article was not sold under a title which included, in addition to the proprietary designation, any word or words which constitute or form part of the description set out at the head of that monograph; or

(c) if the said substance was described in such a monograph and the article was sold under such a title, that at the date of the passing of this Act—

(i) the said substance was ordinarily being sold by retail under that title; and

376

Ch. 42.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Provisions as to charges under two preceding sections.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 56.

Repeal of

medicine

duties.

42 Geo. 3. c. 56. 44 Geo. 3. c. 73. 52 Geo. 3. c. 150.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 38.

(ii) not more than one other substance recommended as a medicine, being a substance described in any other such monograph, was ordinarily being sold by retail under a title which included both the same proprietary designation and any word or words which constitute or form part of the description set out at the head of that other monograph.

(6) This section shall come into operation on the second day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

13. — (1) It shall be a defence for a person charged with selling or supplying, in contravention of any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections, an article consisting of or comprising a substance recommended as a medicine to prove—

(a) that he did not know, and had no reason to believe, that the article consisted of or comprised such a substance; or

(b) that, in relation to the matter in respect of which he is charged, he acted in the course of his employment as a servant or agent of another person on the instructions of his employer or of some other specified person.

(2) In any proceedings for a contravention of any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections, a document purporting to be a certificate signed by a public analyst within the meaning of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, or a person appointed by the Secretary of State to make analyses for the purpose of the principal Act, and stating the result of an analysis made by him, shall be admissible as evidence of the matters stated therein, but any party to the proceedings may require the person by whom the analysis was made to be called as a witness.

(3) No prosecution for a contravention of any of the provisions of the last two preceding sections shall be instituted without the consent of the Attorney General or Solicitor General:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a prosecution for a contravention of any of the provisions of section eleven instituted by the Society or by a food and drugs authority within the meaning of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938.

14. As from the second day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-one, the duties of excise chargeable under the Medicines Stamp Act, 1802, the Stamp Act, 1804, and the Medicines Stamp Act, 1812, and any enactment amending those Acts shall cease to be charged, and accordingly the enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act shall, as from the said date, be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that so much of that Schedule as relates to section nine of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891 (which contains provisions as to allowances for spoiled stamps), shall not come

1941.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

377

into operation until the second day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-three, and the said section shall have effect in relation to stamps rendered useless by the provisions of this section as if they had been inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled.

General.

15. — (1) It shall be the duty of the Society to take all reasonable steps to enforce the provisions of sections eight, nine and eleven of this Act and for that purpose the Society may employ the inspectors appointed by them under section twenty-five of the principal Act.

(2) References in the said section twenty-five to Part I and Part II of the principal Act shall be construed as including references to those Parts of that Act as amended by this Act.

16. A food and drugs authority within the meaning of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, shall have power to enforce the provisions of sections eight, nine and eleven of this Act and, subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of section ten of this Act, to institute proceedings for a contravention of any of the provisions of those sections.

17. — (1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" advertisement " includes any notice, circular, label, wrapper or other document, and any announcement made orally or by any means of producing or transmitting light or sound;

" authorised seller of poisons " has the same meaning as in the principal Act;

" British Pharmaceutical Codex" means the book published by that name by the Society;

" British Pharmacopoeia" means the book published by that name in pursuance of section fifty-four of the Medical Act, 1858;

" Poisons List " has the same meaning as in the principal Act;

" the principal Act" means the Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933;

" proprietary designation", in relation to the sale of an article consisting of or comprising a substance recommended as a medicine, means a word or words used or proposed to be used in connection with the sale of

Enforcement by Pharmaceutical Society.

Enforcement by food and drugs authorities.

Interpretation.

2i ft 22 Vict, c. 90.

23 ft 24 Geo. 5. c. 25.

378

Ch. 42.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

2 &

c. 3

articles consisting of or comprising the substance for the purpose of indicating that they are the goods of a particular person by virtue of manufacture, selection, certification, dealing with or offering for sale; and the expression " proprietor", in relation to such a designation, means the person whose goods are indicated or intended to be indicated as aforesaid by the designation;

" registered dentist " and " registered pharmacist " have the same meanings as in the principal Act;

3 Geo. 5. " shop " has the same meaning as in the Shops Act, 1912;

" Society " and " Statutory Committee " have the same meanings as in the principal Act;

" substance " includes a preparation;

" substance recommended as a medicine", in relation to the sale of an article consisting of or comprising a-substance so recommended, means a Substance which is referred to—

(a) on the article, or on any wrapper or container in which the article is sold, or on any label affixed to, or in any document enclosed in, the article or such a wrapper or container; or

(b) in any placard or other document exhibited at the place where the article is sold; or

(c) in any advertisement published after the passing of this Act by or on behalf of the manufacturer of the article, or the person carrying on the business in the course of which the article was sold, or, in a case where the article was sold under a proprietary designation, the proprietor of the designation;

in terms which are calculated to lead to the use of the substance for the prevention or treatment of any ailment, infirmity or injury affecting the human body, not being terms which give a definite indication that the substance is intended to be used as, or as part of, a food or drink, and not as, or as part of, a medicine;

" word " includes a letter and a numeral.

(2) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) an article shall be deemed to be sold under a designation or title if, but not unless, the designation or title is used for naming the article or the substance which it consists of or comprises—

(i) by any person in connection with the sale; or

1941.

Pharmacy and

Medicines Act, 1941.

Ch. 42.

359

(ii) on the article, or on any wrapper or container in which the article is sold, or on aify label affixed to, or in any document enclosed in, the article or such a wrapper or container;

(b) a reference to an edition of the British Pharmacopoeia

or the British Pharmaceutical Codex published before a certain date shall be construed as a reference to that edition as amended by any addendum thereto published before that date;

(c) a reference to a description set out at the head of any

monograph contained in an edition of the British Pharmacopoeia or the British Pharmaceutical Codex shall be construed as including a reference to any synonym or abbreviation of that description, being a synonym or abbreviation set out at the head of that monograph.

(3) In this section references to the sale of an article include references to the supply of an article as a sample for the purpose of inducing persons to buy by retail the substance of which the article consists or which it comprises.

18, This Act shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect Application

subject to the following modifications :— to Scotland.

(a) for any reference to the High Court there shall be sub- .

stituted a reference to the Court of Session;

(b) for the reference to a public analyst within the meaning

of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, there shall be substituted a reference to a public analyst appointed under the Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928; 18 & 19 Geo. 5

c. 31.

(c) subsection (4) of section ten, subsection (3) of section

thirteen and section sixteen shall be omitted.

19, —(1) This Act may be cited as the Pharmacy and Medicines Short title. Act, 1941, and may be cited together with the Pharmacy and Cltfti?n and Poisons Acts, 1852 to 1933 as the Pharmacy and Poisons Acts, ex

1852 to 1941.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

le

3&>

Section 14.

Ch. 42. Pharmacy and 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Medicines Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments relating to Medicine Duties Repealed.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

42 Geo. 3. c. 56 The Medicines Stamp Act, 1802. The whole Act.

43 Geo. 3. c. 73 The Medicines Stamp Act, 1803. The whole Act

44 Geo. 3. c. 98 The Stamp Act, 1804 The whole Act.

52 Geo. 3. c. 150 - The Medicines Stamp Act, 1812. The whole Act.

55 Geo. 3. c. 184 - The Stamp Act, 1815 Section fifty-four.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 15 The Auctioneers Act, 1845 In section six, the words " or patent medicines ".

27 & 28 Vict. c. 56 - The Revenue (No. 2) Act, 1864. In section six, the words from " Owners" to " stamp duty".

38 & 39 Vict. c. 23 - The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1875. Section eight.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 38 - The Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891. In proviso (c) to section nine and in section twenty-six, the words "medicines or", wherever they occur.

8 Edw. 7. c. 16 The Finance Act, 1908 - In subsection (4) of section four, the words "medicines and".

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 89 - The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915- Section eleven.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 10 The Finance Act, 1927 - Section two.

_J)y

1941.

Appropriation (No. ,2)

Act, 1941.

Ch. 43.

38i

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[2nd October 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

T17E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-two the sum of one thousand million pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Issue of, ^1,000,000', 000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

3^2

Ch. 43.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Appropriation of sum voted for supply services.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

[Short title.]

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grant.

3. The sum granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by Schedule (A), to one thousand million pounds, is appropriated for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and the schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. — (1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1941.

1941.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1941.

Ch. 43.

383

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. Section 3.

SCHEDULE (A.).

s. d.

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund - - 1,000,000,000 o o

SCHEDULE (B.)—Appropriation of Grant.

Section 3.

1941. Supply Grant.

I <*•

Expenditure arising out of the War (Supplementary Vote of Credit) - 1,000,000,000 o 0

SCHEDULE (A.). sched. (A )

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March

1942

£ *• <*•

Under this Act 1,000,000,000 o o

3«4

Sched. (B.) Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of^Credit).

Postponement of certain general elections.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 2

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 3

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

[Short title.]

Ch. 43, 44. Appropriation (No. 2) 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE (B.).

Expenditure arising out of the War.

(Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1942, for general Navy, Army and Air Services and for the Ministry of Supply in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament, for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war, for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - £1,000,000,000

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to enable the dissolution of Provincial Legislative Assemblies in India and the House of Representatives in Burma to be postponed.

[2nd October 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) In each province in India, the first Legislative Assembly under the Government of India Act, 1935, shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section sixty-one of that Act, continue until twelve months after the end of the war period, unless previously dissolved under subsection (2) of section sixty-two of that Act.

(2) The first House of Representatives under the Government of Burma Act, 1935, shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section eighteen of that Act, continue until twelve months after the end of the war period, unless previously dissolved under subsection (2) of that section.

(3) In this section, the expression " the war period" means the period for which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939* is in force.

2. This Act may be cited as the India and Burma (Postponement of Elections) Act, 1941.

1941.

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1941.

Ch. 45.

38s

CHAPTER 45.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Extension of third fixed grant period under 19 ft 20 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

2. Stabilisation of Supplementary Exchequer Grants.

3. Short title, construction and citation.

An Act to extend the third fixed grant period under the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, and to make provision for the stabilisation of Supplementary Exchequer Grants under the said Act; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[2nd October 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The third fixed grant period, that is to say, the period for which the amount of the General Exchequer Contribution to be paid under section fifty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act") was fixed by the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1937, shall be extended so as to continue until such date after the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as Parliament may hereafter determine, and references to the third or any subsequent fixed grant period, whether express or implied in the principal Act, in the said Act of 1937, in any other enactment, and in any order, regulations, or scheme or other instrument made under any enactment including (unless the contrary intention appears therein) an enactment or instrument passed or made after the date of the passing of this Act, shall be construed accordingly.

2. For the sixth and each succeeding year of the third fixed grant period—

(a) the amount to be credited under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section sixty of the principal Act to any separately rated area, and

(b) the amount to be paid under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section sixty-three of the principal Act to the council of a large burgh,

shall, notwithstanding the provisions of those paragraphs respectively as to the annual reduction of such amounts, and

2 B

Extension of third fixed grant period under 19 ft 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

1 Edw. 8 ft

1 Geo. 6. c. 29.

2 ft 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Stabilisation of Supplementary Exchequer Grants.

386

Ch. 45, 46.

Local Government (Financial 4 & 5 Geo. 6. Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1941.

Short title, construction and citation.

notwithstanding the provisions of section five of the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1937, be the same as that which fell to be so credited or paid as the case may be for the fifth year of that period:

Provided that this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of section sixty-six of the principal Act (which confers on the Secretary of State a power to reduce grants in circumstances therein mentioned).

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1941, and shall be construed as one with Part III of the principal Act, and this Act and the Local Government (Scotland) Acts, 1929 and 1937, may be cited together as the Local Government (Scotland) Acts, 1929 to 1941.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment or to any provision of any enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment or provision as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

CHAPTER 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Delivery of accountant's certificates to Registrar.

2. Compensation Fund.

3. Membership of Society.

4. Appointment of committees of the Council.

5. Re-enactment of s. 37 (1) of principal Act as to declaration by

applicant for practising certificate.

6. Substitution of new forms of declaration and practising certificate.

7. Re-enactment of s. 37 (2) of principal Act as to registration of

certain particulars contained in declaration.

8. Amendment of s. 37 (3) of principal Act.

9. Re-enactment of s. 37 (6) of principal Act.

10. Discretion of Registrar in special cases to refuse practising certifi-

cate or issue same subject to terms and conditions.

11. Suspension of practising certificate on adjudication in bankruptcy.

12. Effect and termination of suspension and notification of suspension

or of termination thereof.

13. Amendment of s. 41 (4) of principal Act.

14. Power to prohibit taking of articled clerk in certain cases.

15. Amendment of s. 2 (3) of Solicitors Act, 1936, as to registration of

articles of clerkship.

16. Provisions as to clerk found party to misconduct of solicitor.

17. Procedure on appeals to the Master of the Rolls.

18. Council to make rules as to certain matters.

19. Amendment of s. 5 of principal Act.

20. Amendment of s. 6 of principal Act.

21. Amendment of s. 7 (2) of principal Act.

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

387

Section.

22. Amendment of s. 46 of principal Act.

23. Amendment of ss. 47’ 48 and 49 of principal Act.

24. Effect of certain orders of Disciplinary Committee to be noted

on Roll.

25. Amendment of s. 26 of principal Act.

26. Transfer to Registrar of certain existing powers.

27. Byelaws and regulations to be amended for conformity with

this Act.

28. Council to act on behalf of Society.

29. Interpretation.

30. Short title, collective title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions with regard to the formation, administration and application of the Compensation Fund and matters connected therewith.

Second Schedule—Forms.

Third Schedule—Subsection (2) of section 5, subsection (2) of section 7, subsection (3) of section 37, subsection (4) of section 41, section 46, subsection (1) of section 47 and sections 48 and 49 of the principal Act, and subsection (3) of section 2 of the Solicitors Act, 1936, as amended by this Act.

An Act to require accountants’ certificates as to compliance with the Solicitors’ Accounts Rules, to establish a fund for relief in certain cases of losses due to dishonesty of solicitors, to make provision with respect to membership of the Law Society and with respect to the Council and Committees thereof, to amend the enactments relating to solicitors, and for purposes connected therewith, [nth November 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, every solicitor shall once in each practice year deliver to the Registrar a certificate signed by an accountant and complying with the provisions of this section (which certificate is in this section referred to as " an accountant's certificate ").

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a solicitor who satisfies the Council that owing to the circumstances of his case the delivery of an accountant’s certificate is unnecessary.

(3) The Council shall make rules (in this section referred to as " the Accountant’s Certificate Rules ") to give effect to the provisions of this section and by those rules shall prescribe—

(a) what qualification shall be held by an accountant by whom an accountant’s certificate may be given;

(6) the nature and extent of the examination to be made by an accountant of the books and accounts of a

2 B 2

Delivery of accountant’s certificates! to Registrar,

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

38*

solicitor or his firm and of any other relevant documents with a view to the signing of a certificate to be delivered by such solicitor under this section;

(c) the form of the accountant's certificate which shall state—

(i) that in compliance with this section and the rules made thereunder the accountant has examined the books, accounts and documents of the solicitor or his firm for the accounting period specified in the certificate; and

(ii) whether or not from his examination of the books, accounts and documents produced to him and from the information and explanations given to him the accountant is satisfied, and, if he is not satisfied, the matters in respect of which he is not satisfied, that during the accounting period the solicitor or his firm has complied with the provisions of the Solicitors’ Accounts Rules; and

(d) the evidence, if any, which shall satisfy the Council that the delivery of an accountant’s certificate is unnecessary ^nd the cases in which such evidence is or is not required.

(4) The Accountant’s Certificate Rules may—

(a) permit that in special circumstances defined in the rules the accounting period may differ from the period specified in subsection (5) of this section; and

(ft) regulate any matters of procedure or matters incidental, ancillary or supplemental to the provisions of this section.

(5) Except in any case where a different period is permissible under the Accountant's Certificate Rules (in which case the period so permissible may be adopted), the accounting period specified in an accountant’s certificate shall—

(a) begin at the expiry of the last preceding accounting period for which an accountant’s certificate shall have been delivered;

(b) cover not less than twelve months;

(c) terminate not more than twelve months, or such less

period as the Accountant’s Certificate Rules may prescribe, before the date of the delivery of the certificate to the Registrar; and

(d) where possible, consistently with paragraphs (a), (ft) and

(c) of this subsection, correspond to a period or consecutive periods for which the accounts of the solicitor or his firm are ordinarily made up.

(6) If any solicitor fails to comply with the provisions of this section or the Accountant’s Certificate Rules, a complaint in respect of such failure may be made by or on behalf of the Society to

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

389

the Disciplinary Committee. The disciplinary enactments shall apply in relation to complaints under this subsection as they apply in relation to applications to the Disciplinary Committee under those enactments.

(7) A certificate under the hand of the Secretary shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence that a solicitor has or has not, as the case may be, delivered to the Registrar an accountant’s certificate or supplied any evidence required under this section or the Accountant’s Certificate Rules.

(8) Where a solicitor is employed as a public officer (as

defined in subsection (2) of section four of the Solicitors Act, 23 & 24 Geo. 5.

1933)— c- *4'

(a) nothing in this section shall apply to him unless he

takes out a practising certificate;

(b) an accountant's certificate shall in no case deal with

books, accounts or documents kept by him in the course of his employment as such public officer, nor shall any examination be made of those books, accounts and documents under the Accountant’s Certificate Rules.

2. — (1) A fund to be called " the Compensation Fund " shall Compensatio» be established, maintained and administered by the Society for Fund-enabling the Society to make grants thereout in any cases which the Council think suitable for such treatment and in their absolute discretion decide so to treat, for the purpose of relieving or mitigating losses sustained by any person in consequence of dishonesty on the part of any solicitor or any clerk or servant of any solicitor in connection with any such solicitor’s practice as a solicitor, or any trust of which such solicitor was a trustee, and whether or not he had a practising certificate in force when the act of dishonesty was committed and notwithstanding that subsequently to the commission of that act he may have died or had his name removed from or struck off the Roll or may have ceased to practise or been suspended from practice:

Provided that—

(a) no grant shall be made under this section in respect of loss due to any act of dishonesty where such loss first came to the knowledge of the loser before the coming into operation of this section; and (£) no grant shall be made under this section in respect of any loss unless notice of such loss is received by the Society in such manner and within such time after the same first came to the knowledge of the loser as is prescribed by rules made under this section and it is proved to the satisfaction of the Council that such loss is one in respect of which a grant may properly be made under this section.

(2) The Compensation Fund shall be held by the Society in bust for the purposes provided for in this section and the First Schedule to this Act and any rules made under this section.

39

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, on the issue of a practising certificate to a solicitor there shall be paid by such solicitor to the Registrar with the fee payable in respect of such certificate under subsection (5) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act and paid by the Registrar into the Compensation Fund a contribution of five pounds or such less sum as the Council may from time to time determine (which contribution is in this section referred to as " the annual contribution "). The Registrar may withhold the issue of such certificate*until the annual contribution and fee are paid:

Provided that—

(a) in respect of the first three practising certificates issued

to a solicitor after his admission, such solicitor shall be exempt from the payment of the annual contribution and, with the fee payable as aforesaid in respect of each of his next three practising certificates, the sum payable shall be only one-half of the amount of the annual contribution; and

(b) the Council may at their discretion exempt a solicitor from

the payment of the whole or part of the annual contribution payable with the fee payable in respect of any practising certificate issued to such solicitor if he has been engaged in national service during any part of the preceding practice year.

(4) The Society may invest in securities in which trustees are authorised by law to invest trust funds in their hands any moneys which form part of the Compensation Fund and are not immediately required for any other purposes provided for in this section and the First Schedule to this Act and any rules made under this section.

(5) The Society may borrow money for the purposes of the Compensation Fund from any lender, provided that the sum or sums owing at any one time in respect of such loans shall not in the aggregate exceed one hundred thousand pounds and the Society may by way of security for any such loan charge any investments of the Compensation Fund:

Provided that, so long as the making of an issue of capital in the United Kingdom, without the consent of the Treasury, is prohibited by Regulations made under, the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, it shall not be lawful for the Society to exercise the powers of borrowing conferred by this subsection without such consent.

(6) The Society may insure with any person, body of persons or corporation authorised by law to carry on insurance business within the United Kingdom for such purposes and on such terms as the Council may deem expedient in relation to the Compensation Fund.

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

39*

(7) The provisions set out in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with regard to the formation, administration and application of the Compensation Fund and matters connected therewith.

(8) On the making by the Society of any grant out of the Compensation Fund under the provisions of this section and the said First Schedule and any rules made under this section to any person in respect of loss sustained in consequence of any such dishonesty as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section—

(i) the Society shall to the amount of such grant be

subrogated—

(a) to any rights or remedies to which such person was entitled on account of such loss against the solicitor or any other person, or, in the event of the death or insolvency or other disability of such solicitor or other person, against his personal representatives or any other persons having authority to administer his estate;

* (6) to any rights or remedies to which such solicitor,

his clerk or servant, was entitled on account of such loss against any other person, or, in the event of the death or insolvency or other disability of such other person, against his personal representatives or any other persons' having authority to administer his estate; and

(c) to all other rights and remedies (if any) of the person to whom the payment is made or such solicitor, his clerk or servant, in respect of such loss; and

(ii) the person to whom the grant is made, or, in the event of his death or insolvency or other disability, his personal representatives or any other persons having authority to administer his estate shall have no right under bankruptcy or other legal proceedings or otherwise to receive any sum out of the assets of such solicitor or other person in respect of the loss until the Society has been reimbursed the full amount of its grant.

(9) The Council may make rules with respect to the procedure to be followed in giving effect to the provisions of this section and the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act other than paragraph 5 and sub-paragraphs (2) and (5) of paragraph 4 thereof and with respect to any matters incidental, ancillary or supplemental to those provisions or concerning the administration or protection of the Compensation Fund.

3. — (1) On the issue of a practising certificate to a solicitor, he shall pay to the Society with the fee payable by him in respect of such certificate under subsection (5) of section thirty-seven

Membership of Society.

392

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

of the principal Act the annual subscription payable for the time being by members of the Society and shall thereupon, notwithstanding anything in the Charter or in any byelaw or regulation of the Society, become, by virtue of this Act and without election or appointment by the Council, a member of the Society and be subject to any byelaw or regulation of the Society for the time being affecting such member:

Provided that every solicitor to whom a practising certificate is issued before the sixteenth day of December in any practice year shall on payment of the said annual subscription be deemed to have become a member of the Society on the sixteenth day of November in such practice year.

(2) The Registrar may withhold the issue of a practising certificate until the annual subscription is paid.

(3) Every solicitor who shall become a member of the Society under subsection (1) of this section shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (7) of this section, remain a member until the end of the current practice year.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Charter, the Council may appoint and elect to be a member of the Society any person whose name is for the time being on the Roll, whether or not he has held a practising certificate, and upon appointment and election and payment of the annual subscription in accordance with any byelaw or regulation of the Society such person shall become a member of the Society and be subject to any byelaw or regulation of the Society for the time being affecting such member.

(5) Any person who, in pursuance of the provisions of this section, is for the time being a member of the Society shall be eligible for election as a member of the Council.

(6) The amount of the annual subscription payable by members of the Society shall be fixed from time to time by the Council; in fixing the amount of the annual subscription, the Council shall be at liberty to divide members into classes, and to provide that different amounts shall be paid by different classes and extend over different periods, and generally to regulate, and from time to time to vary, the subscriptions payable by members or by different classes of members as the Council may think fit.

(7) When a solicitor who is a member of the Society has his name, whether at his own request or otherwise, removed from or struck off the Roll by an order of the Disciplinary Committee under the disciplinary enactments, he shall thereupon cease to be a member of the Society.

(8) A member of the Society who is suspended from practice shall not be entitled dining the period of such suspension to any of the rights or privileges of such membership.

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

393

(9) The Council may suspend any member of the Society from using the Hall and Library and any of the rooms belonging to the Society and from the exercise of all other rights and privileges of a member during such period as they may think fit for any cause which shall, in their opinion, render such suspension necessary or expedient, although not being of a nature to justify the making of a complaint by or on behalf of the Society to the Disciplinary Committee:

Provided that at least sixteen members of the Council shall be present at the meeting at which the suspension shall be resolved on and twelve at least of the members of the Council present shall consent thereto.

(10) Any member of the Society who has been suspended under subsection (9) of this section may, upon giving the notice required by any byelaw or regulation of the Society, appeal against the suspension to the next available general meeting of members of the Society, which meeting may confirm, rescind or vary the period of such suspension in any manner it thinks fit.

(11) The provisions of subsections (1), (2) and (3) of this section shall come into operation on such day as the Lord Chancellor may by order appoint after he is satisfied on a poll taken by the Council of all solicitors for the time being holding practising certificates that not less than two-thirds of those voting are in favour of the provisions coming into operation.

4. — (1) The Council may appoint a committee for any such general or special purpose as in the opinion of the Council would be better regulated or managed by means of a committee and may delegate to a committee so appointed, with or without restrictions or conditions, as they think fit, the exercise of any functions exercisable by the Council.

(2) The number of members of a committee appointed under this section, and their term of office, and the number of such members necessary to form a quorum of the committee shall be fixed by the Council.

(3) A committee appointed under this section may include persons who are not members of the Council:

Provided that—

(*) at least two-thirds of the members of every committee shall be members of the Council; and

i/b) any committee to which any functions vested in the Society as the Registrar and exercisable by the Council are delegated, shall consist wholly of members of the Council.

Appointment of committees of the Council.

394

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Re-enactment of s. 37 (1) of principal Act as to

declaration by applicant for practising certificate.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 35

Substitution of new forms of declaration and practising certificate.

Re-enactment of s. 37 (2) of principal Act as to

registration of certain particulars contained in declaration.

5. — (1) The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act as amended by section ten of the Solicitors Act, 1936 :—

" (1) (a) Every solicitor applying for a practising certificate shall, in person or by his agent—

(i) deliver to the Registrar a written declaration, in the form A set out in the Second Schedule to the Solicitors Act, 1941 or in a form to the like effect approved by the Registrar, which declaration shall be

. duly completed and shall be signed by the applicant personally and shall have the Solicitors’ Accounts Rules printed in full thereon or on the back thereof; ! and

(ii) at the same time produce to the Registrar a duplicate of the declaration similarly completed and signed:

Provided that the Registrar may at his discretion in , any particular case, on the ground of illness or absence abroad of the applicant or on any other ground deemed by the Registrar sufficient, either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as he may think fit, dispense with the necessity for signature of the declaration by the applicant personally and accept a declaration and a duplicate in a form to the like effect which has been duly completed and j has been signed by a partner of the applicant or by some j other competent person approved by the Registrar.

(b) If in a declaration under this subsection any person makes any false statement, a complaint in respect of that statement may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the Disciplinary Committee."

(2) The disciplinary enactments shall apply in relation to complaints under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act as they apply in relation to applications to the Disciplinary Committee under those enactments.

6. The forms A and B set out in the Second Schedule to this Act shall respectively be substituted for the Forms A and B in the Third Schedule to the principal Act.

7. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (2) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act:—

" (2) The Registrar shall cause the following particulars contained in a declaration (namely)—

(a) the full name of the solicitor;

le

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

395

(6) his place or places of business; and

(c) the date of his admission;

to be entered in a register kept for that purpose and any person may inspect such register during office hours without payment/’

8. In subsection (3) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act the word "fourteen " shall be substituted for the word "six " and accordingly the said subsection shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

9. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (6) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act (which relates to the application of fees in respect of the issue of practising certificates):—

" (6) Out of every fee received by the Registrar under this section five shillings may be applied by him to his own use and the remainder shall be applied—

(a) in such manner and to such extent as the Society may consider necessary towards the expense of their school in London and the making of grants to approved law schools elsewhere; and

(b) subject thereto, to such other purposes of the Solicitors Acts, 1932 to 1941, or any statutory modifications thereof as the Society may think fit;

and the Registrar shall submit annually to the judges mentioned in the last preceding subsection an account of all such fees and of their application, and shall cause a copy of the account to be deposited at the hall of the Society for inspection by any solicitor."

10. The following section shall be substituted for section thirty-eight of the principal Act as amended by section five of the Administration of Justice Act, 1932, section three of the Solicitors Act, 1933, and section eleven of the Solicitors Act, 1936:—

" 38. — (1) In any of the following cases, that is to say, where a solicitor applies for a practising certificate—

(a) when for twelve months or more he has ceased to hold a practising certificate duly stamped and in force; or

(b) whilst he is an undischarged bankrupt or a receiving order in bankruptcy is in force against him; or

(c) when, having been suspended from practice or having had his name struck off the roll, the period of his suspension has expired, or his name has been restored to the roll, as the case may be; or

Amendment of s. 37 (3) of principal Act.

Re-enactment of s. 37 (6) of principal Act.

Discretion of Registrar in special cases to refuse practising certificate or issue same subject to terms and conditions.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 55.

396

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(d) not having held a practising certificate duly stamped and in force within the twelve months next following the date of his admission to the roll; or

(e) whilst he is a person to whom the powers and provisions of Part IV of the Lunacy Act, 1890, relating to management and administration apply; or

(f) without having paid a penalty or costs ordered by the Disciplinary Committee under the Solicitors Acts, 1932 to 1941, to be paid by him; or

(g) after he has been invited by the Council to give an explanation in respect of any matter affecting his conduct and has failed*to give to the Council an explanation in respect of that matter which the Council regard as sufficient and satisfactory, and has been notified in writing by the Council that he has so failed; or

(h) after having had an order made against him for the issue of a writ of attachment; or

(1) after having been adjudicated a bankrupt and obtained his discharge or after having entered into a composition with his creditors or a deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors; or

(j) after having had given against him any judgment which involves the payment of moneys other than costs and is not a judgment as to the whole effect of which upon him he is entitled to indemnity or relief from any other person, and without having produced to the Registrar evidence of the satisfaction of such judgment;

he must, unless the Registrar or the Master of the Rolls otherwise orders, give to the Registrar, at least six weeks before the application is made, notice of his intention to make the application, and the Registrar may in his discretion grant or refuse the application, or decide to issue a certificate to the applicant subject to such terms and conditions as the Registrar may in his discretion think fit and in the last-mentioned case may, if he thinks fit, postpone the issue of the certificate pending the hearing and determination of an appeal under this section:

Provided that—

(i) in the event of an appeal having been made to the appropriate court in case (b) against the receiving order or in case (h) against the order for the issue of a writ of attachment or in case against the judgment, the Registrar shall not refuse the application during the pendency of such appeal unless in his opinion the

53 & 54 Vict. c.5.

1941*

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

397

proceedings on such appeal have been unduly protracted by the appellant or are unlikely to be successful; and

(ii) where, having regard to certain facts, a discretion becomes exercisable by the Registrar in any of the cases (a), (c),

(d), (g), (A), (t) and (j), as soon thereafter as a practising certificate has been issued in the exercise of such discretion to the applicant free of conditions, those facts shall cease to operate so as to require such solicitor to give the notice mentioned in this section or to vest any discretion in the Registrar.

(2) Within one month after being notified of the decision of the Registrar, the applicant may appeal against such decision to the Master of the Rolls, who may affirm the decision of the Registrar or may direct him to issue a certificate to the applicant on such terms and conditions as the Master of the Rolls may think fit or free from terms and conditions or not to issue a certificate or, if a certificate has been issued, may by order suspend such certificate until such certificate expires or the suspension is terminated by order of the Registrar or the Master of the Rolls or may make such other order as he may think fit."

11. Adjudication in bankruptcy of a solicitor shall operate immediately to suspend the practising certificate (if any) of such solicitor for the time being in force, and such suspension shall continue in operation until the certificate expires or the adjudication in bankruptcy is annulled and an office copy of the Order annulling the adjudication has been served upon the Registrar or the suspension is terminated by order of the Registrar or the Master of the Rolls under the next following section, whichever shall first happen.

12. — (1) So long as the suspension of the practising certificate of a solicitor under the last preceding section or under section thirty-eight of the principal Act as re-enacted by this Act shall continue in operation, such solicitor shall be deemed to be an " unqualified person " within the meaning given to that expression by section forty-three of the principal Act for the purposes of Part IV of that Act.

(2) At any time before the certificate expires and (in the case of adjudication in bankruptcy) the adjudication is annulled, such solicitor may apply to the Registrar to terminate the suspension, and the Registrar in his discretion may. decide to terminate by order the suspension unconditionally or subject to such terms and conditions as he may in his discretion think fit or may refuse the application.

(3) If the Registrar shall refuse the application or decide to terminate the suspension subject to any terms or conditions, such solicitor may appeal against such decision to the Master of the

Suspension of practising certificate on

adjudication in bankruptcy.

Effect and termination of suspension and notification of suspension or of termination thereof.

398

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Amendment of s. 41 (4) of principal Act.

Power to prohibit taking of articled clerk in certain cases.

Rolls who may either affirm the decision of the Registrar or by order vary any terms or conditions imposed by the Registrar or terminate the suspension unconditionally or subject to such terms and conditions as he may think fit.

(4) When the practising certificate of a solicitor has become suspended by virtue of his adjudication in bankruptcy or by virtue of an order of the Master of the Rolls, the Registrar shall forthwith cause a notice of such suspension to be published in the London Gazette and shall cause a note thereof to be entered against the name of such solicitor in the Roll.

(5) When the suspension of the practising certificate of a solicitor has been terminated by annulment of the adjudication in bankruptcy of the solicitor and service upon the Registrar of an office copy of the Order annulling the adjudication or by order of the Registrar or the Master of the Rolls under this section, the Registrar shall forthwith cause a note of the termination of the suspension to be entered against the name of such solicitor in the Roll, and, if so requested in writing by such solicitor, cause a notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

13. In subsection (4) of section forty-one of the principal Act (which relates to the date and period of validity of practising certificates) there shall be inserted after the word "following " the words "the date of issue thereof " and accordingly the said subsection (4) of section forty-one shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

14. — (1) In any case in which the Registrar has power in his discretion to refuse the application of a solicitor for a practising certificate, the Society, notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (2) of section two of the Solicitors Act, 1936, may in their discretion by notice in writing to such solicitor prohibit him from taking any articled clerk and thereupon it shall not be lawful for such solicitor to take any articled clerk unless and until such prohibition shall have been withdrawn by the Society.

(2) If any solicitor acts in contravention of a prohibition in force under this section, a complaint in respect of that contravention may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the Disciplinary Committee. The disciplinary enactments shall apply in relation to complaints under this subsection as they apply in relation to applications to the Disciplinary Committee under those enactments.

(3) Service by an articled clerk to a solicitor who has taken him in contravention of a prohibition in force under this section shall not, unless the Society direct otherwise, be deemed to be good service by the clerk under his articles.

1941.

Solicitors A, 1941.

Ch. 46.

399

(4) In any case where under this section the Society prohibit a solicitor from taking any articled clerk, they may, if they think fit, of their own motion discharge the articles of any clerk then already articled to such solicitor upon such terms, including terms as to return of premium, as they think fit, and determine what period (if any) of service by such clerk under his then existing articles shall be deemed to be good service.

15. In subsection (3) of section two* of the Solicitors Act 1936, the words "of the production " are hereby repealed and accordingly the said subsection shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

16—(i)

(a) Where a person who is or was a clerk to a solicitor but is not himself a solicitor has been convicted of larceny, embezzlement, fraudulent conversion or any other criminal offence in respect of any money or property belonging to or held or controlled by the solicitor by whom he is or was employed or any client of such solicitor; or

Amendment of s. 2 (3) of Solicitors Act, 1936, as to registration of articles of clerkship.

Provisions as to clerk found party to misconduct of solicitor.

(6) where it appears to the Society—

(i) in the course or as a result of any proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee under the disciplinary enactments, or

(ii) in the exercise of their powers under rules made under the Solicitors Act, 1933, or this Act,

that a person, who is or was a clerk to a solicitor but is not himself a solicitor, has been a party to any act or default of such solicitor, in respect of which an application or complaint has been or might be made against such solicitor to the Disciplinary Committee under any enactment.

an application may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the Disciplinary Committee that an order be made directing that as from a date to be specified in such order, no solicitor shall in connection with his practice as a solicitor take or retain the said person into or in his employment or remunerate the said person without the written permission of the Society, which may be given for such period, and subject to such conditions as the Society may think fit.

(2) Such application shall be made to and heard by the Disciplinary Committee in accordance with rules made under this section, and on the hearing of any such application the Committee shall have power to make such order as is referred to in this section and an order as to the payment by any party of costs.

400

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. b.

(3) Every order made by the Disciplinary Committee under this section shall be prefaced by a statement of their findings in relation to the facts of the case and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Committee or by a member of the Committee authorised by the Committee to sign the same and any document purporting to be an order so signed shall be received in evidence in any criminal proceedings or in any proceedings under this section or under the disciplinary enactments and be deemed to be such an order without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

(4) Every order made by the Disciplinary Committee under this section shall be filed with the Secretary and the file kept by him for that purpose may be inspected by any solicitor during office hours without payment but shall not .be open to the inspection of any person other than a solicitor.

(5) For the purposes of any application made to them under this section, the Disciplinary Committee may administer oaths and the applicant and any person with respect to whom the application is made may sue out writs of subpoena ad testificandum and duces tecum but no person shall be compelled under any such writ to produce any document which he could not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action.

(6) The Disciplinary Committee, with the concurrence of the Master of the Rolls, may from time to time make rules for regulating the making, hearing and determining of applications under tins section, including rules as to who shall be parties to any such application, as to the service of any notice or order upon any party, and as to whether any such application shall be heard prior to, in the course of, concurrently with or subsequent to the hearing of any application against a solicitor under the disciplinary enactments.

(7) An appeal against any order made by the Disciplinary Committee under this section shall lie to the High Court, whose decision shall be final, at the instance of the person with respect to whom the order is made and every such appeal shall be made within such time after the service of a copy of the order upon the said person and shall be made in such form and heard in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made from time to time by the Master of the Rolls with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice or (in the case of difference) of one of them.

(8) Any person who, whilst there is in force in respect of him an order under this section, seeks or accepts employment by or remuneration from a solicitor in connection with his practice as a solicitor without previously informing him of such order, shall on summary conviction be liable for each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

401

(9) Notwithstanding anything in the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, proceedings under the last preceding subsection may be commenced at any time before the expiration of six months after the first discovery of the offence by the prosecutor, but no such proceedings shall be commenced by any person other than the Society or a person acting on behalf of the Society except with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions.

(10) If any solicitor knowingly acts in contravention of the provisions of an order of the Disciplinary Committee under this section as made and not appealed against or as confirmed upon appeal, as the case may be, or of the conditions subject to which any such permission as aforesaid has been given by the Society, a complaint in respect of that contravention may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the Disciplinary Committee. The disciplinary enactments shall apply in relation to complaints under this subsection as they apply in relation to applications to the Disciplinary Committee under those enactments.

17. Any appeal to the Master of the Rolls in pursuance of the provisions of this Act shall be made by petition presented in such manner and subject to such regulations as the Master of the Rolls may from time to time direct.

18. — (1) The Council shall make rules—

(a) as to the opening and keeping by every solicitor who is

a sole trustee or who is co-trustee only with a partner, clerk or servant of his or with more than one of such persons of an account at a bank for moneys of any trust of which he is such a sole trustee or co-trustee;

(b) as to the keeping by every solicitor who is a sole trustee

or who is co-trustee only with a partner, clerk or servant of his or with more than one of such persons of accounts containing particulars and information as to moneys received, held or paid by him for or on account of any trust of which he is such a sole trustee or co-trustee; and

(c) empowering the Council to take such action as may be necessary to enable them to ascertain whether or not the rules are being complied with.

(2) If a solicitor fails to comply with any of the rules made under this section, any person may make a complaint in respect of that failure to the Disciplinary Committee. The disciplinary enactments shall apply in relation to complaints under this subsection as they apply in relation to applications to the Disciplinary Committee under those enactments.

2 C

Procedure on appeals to the Master of the Rolls.

Council to make rules as to certain matters.

402

Amendment of s. 5 of principal Act.

Amendment of s. 6 of principal Act.

Amendment of s. 7 (2) of principal Act.

Amendment of s. 46 of principal Act.

Ch. 46. Solicitors Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(3) Rules made under paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to—

(a) a solicitor acting in the course of his employment as a public officer as defined by section four of the Solicitors Act, 1933; or

(b) a solicitor acting in the course of his employment in an

office to which section five of that Act applies; or

(c) a solicitor in whole-time employment as an officer of a

local authority as defined by section six of that Act acting as such officer.

19. In subsection (2) of section five of the principal Act (which relates to the powers of the Disciplinary Committee) there shall be inserted after the word "practice " the words "as to payment by him of a penalty not exceeding five hundred pounds (which shall be forfeit to His Majesty) " and after the word " costs " the words "or of such sum as they may consider a reasonable contribution towards costs" and accordingly the said subsection (2) of section five shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

20. Section six of the principal Act (which relates to the procedure of the Disciplinary Committee) shall have effect as if it contained an enactment that the rules therein referred to may provide that, where in the opinion of the Disciplinary Committee no prima facie case is shown in favour of an application to the Committee under the disciplinary enactments, the Committee may refuse such application without requiring the solicitor to whom the application relates to answer the allegations and without hearing the applicant.

21. In subsection (2) of section seven of the principal Act (which relates to the filing, effect and notice of orders made by the Disciplinary Committee) there shall be inserted after the word "practice " the words " or ordered to pay any penalty under subsection (2) of section five of this Act or subsection (2) of section two of the Solicitors Act, 1933," and accordingly the said subsection (2) of section seven shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

22. In section forty-six of the principal Act (which relates to the penalty for pretending to be a solicitor) the word "fifty " shall be substituted for the word "ten " and accordingly the said section forty-six shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

403

23. — (1) In subsection (1) of section forty-seven and in sections forty-eight and forty-nine of the principal Act (which penalise certain acts when done by persons not duly qualified) before the words "for or in expectation of any fee, gain or reward " there shall be inserted the words "unless he proves that the act was not done".

(2) In section forty-eight of the principal Act there shall be inserted after the figures " 1925 " the words "or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof".

(3) Accordingly subsection (1) of section forty-seven and sections forty-eight and forty-nine of the principal Act shall have effect as set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

24. Where by any order made by the Disciplinary Committee under the disciplinary enactments the name of any solicitor is ordered to be removed from or struck off the Roll or any solicitor is suspended from practice or ordered to pay any penalty or to pay the costs of the proceedings or any part thereof or any contribution towards such costs, the Registrar shall cause a note of the effect of such order to be entered against the name of the solicitor on the Roll.

25. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the principal Act (which relates to the examinations to be held under the management of the Society):—

" (1) The Society shall hold in every year such number of preliminary examinations, intermediate examinations and final examinations as the Council at their discretion may from time to time decide."

26. — (1) The following enactments shall have effect as if the Registrar were therein mentioned in place of the Master of the Rolls:—

(a) Subsection (2) of section sixteen of the principal Act

(which relates to the registration of articles of clerkship); and

(b) Subsection (2) of section one of the Solicitors Act, 1936

(which enables the Master of the Rolls to direct that certain service by an articled clerk shall be deemed to be good service under his articles).

(2) Section twenty-one of the principal Act (which provides :hat articled clerks may not take other employment, except with, the approval of the Master of the Rolls or a judge of the High Court) shall have effect as if the Registrar were therein

2 C 2

Amendment of ss. 47, 48 and 49 of principal Act.

Effect of certain orders of Disciplinary Committee to be noted on Roll.

Amendment of s. 26 of principal Act.

Transfer to Registrar of certain existing powers.

4<M

Byelaws and regulations to be amended for conformity with this Act.

Council to act on behalf of Society.

Interpretation.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 37.

Ch. 46. Solicitors Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6

mentioned in place of the Master of the Rolls or a judge of th< High Court.

(3) Section twenty-three of the principal Act (which empowers the Master of the Rolls to admit an articled clerk to be a solicitoi if he is satisfied as to certain matters therein mentioned) shall have effect as if it empowered the Master of the Rolls to admit an articled clerk to be a solicitor if the Registrar reports to the Master of the Rolls that the Registrar is satisfied as to the said matters.

(4) Section twenty-nine of the principal Act (which relates to exemptions from the preliminary examination) shall have effect as if the power of granting exemptions thereunder were vested in the Registrar instead of in the Master of the Rolls or the Lord Chief Justice.

(5) Subsection (4) of section six of the Solicitors Act, 1936 (which relates to exemptions from the preliminary examination) shall have effect as if the Registrar were therein mentioned in place of the Master of the Rolls and the Lord Chief Justice.

(6) (i) Proviso (b) to subsection (1) of section thirty-two of the principal Act (which relates to the conditions of admission to the final examination) is hereby repealed.

(ii) the words "or on appeal to the satisfaction of the Master of the Rolls" contained in paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section seven of the Solicitors Act, 1936 (which provides fof amendments of section thirty-two of the principal Act as to attendance at a law school before final examination) are herebj repealed.

(7) Section thirty-three of the principal Act (which provide for appeal to the Master of the Rolls in cases of failure to pass an intermediate or final examination) is hereby repealed.

27. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Charter, thf Council shall make such amendments, in any byelaws and regulations of the Society as they may deem necessary in ordei to bring the same into conformity with the provisions of this Act,

28. All acts, rules and regulations authorised or required tc be done or made by the Society under or in pursuance of this Act or any order, rule or regulation made in pursuance of this Act, may be done or made on behalf of the Society by th< Council.

29. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

" The principal Act" means the Solicitors Act, 1932;

0 The Registrar " has the meaning given to that expression by section one of the principal Act;

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

405

" Solicitor " and " the Roll " have the respective meanings given to those expressions by section eighty-one of the principal Act;

"Articles " has the meaning given to that expression by section fourteen of the principal Act;,

" Practising certificate '* has the meaning given to that expression by section thirty-six of the principal Act;

" The Society", " the Council", " the Disciplinary Committee " and " costs" have the respective meanings given to those expressions by section eighty-one of the principal Act;

" The Solicitors' Accounts Rules" means the Solicitors'

Accounts Rules, 1935, or other the rules for the time being made and in force under paragraphs (a), (6) and (c) of section one of the Solicitors Act, 1933;

" The Charter" means the Royal Charter dated the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand eight hundred and forty-five whereby the Society was incorporated and the Royal Charters supplemental thereto dated respectively the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, the fourth day of June one thousand nine hundred and three and the second day of June one thousand nine hundred and nine;

" The disciplinary enactments" means the provisions of Part I of the principal Act as amended and extended by the Solicitors Act, 1933, the Solicitors Act, 1936, the Solicitors (Disciplinary Committee) Act, 1939, and 2 & 3 Geo. 6. this Act; c. no.

" Practice year ’* means the period of twelve months ending on the fifteenth day of November;

" The Secretary" means the Secretary of the Society and includes any deputy or person appointed temporarily to perform the duties of the office;

" National service " has the meaning given to that expression

by section eight of the Solicitors (Emergency Provisions) 3 & 4 Geo. 6. Act, 1940; c. 15.

The expressions " trust " and " trustee " extend to implied and constructive trusts and to cases where the trustee has a beneficial interest in the trust property, and to the duties incident to the office of a personal representative, and " trustee ", where the context admits, includes a personal representative.

30. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act, 1941, Short title, and the Solicitors Acts, 1932 to 1939, the Solicitors (Emergency collective title. Provisions) Act, 1940, and this Act may be cited together as ment^and6"

the Solicitors Acts, 1932 to 1941.

extent.

406

Ch. 46.

Solicitors A, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(2) Sections one and two of this Act shall come into operation on such day or days as the Lord Chancellor may by Order appoint, and the Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, appoint a different day for each of those sections:

Provided that section one shall not come into operation until after the termination of the period during which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is in force.

Section twenty-seven of this Act shall come into operation on the passing of this Act. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the other sections of this Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and forty-two.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

Provisions with regard to the Formation, Administration and Application of the Compensation Fund and Matters

CONNECTED THEREWITH.

1. There shall be carried to the credit of the Compensation Fund-

fa) all contributions paid to the Registrar in pursuance of the provisions of section two of this Act;

(b) all interest, dividends and other income and accretions of capital arising from investment of the Compensation Fund or any part thereof;

(c) the proceeds of the realisation of any investments of the

Compensation Fund;

(d) all moneys borrowed for the purposes of the Compensation Fund;

(e) all sums received by the Society under any insurance effected by the Society under section two of this Act;

(f) all sums received by the Society under the provisions of subsection (8) of section two of this Act; and

(g) any other moneys which may belong or accrue to the Compensation Fund or be received by the Society in respect thereof.

2. All moneys from time to time forming part of the Compensation Fund and all investments of the Compensation Fund shall be applicable as follows:—

(a) for payment of all costs, charges and expenses of establishing, maintaining, administering and applying the Compensation Fund;

SCHEDULES.

Section 2.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

407

1941* Solicitors Act, 1941. Ch. 46.

(6) for payment of any premiums on insurances effected by the Society under section two of this Act;

(e) for repayment of any moneys borrowed by the Society for the purposes of the Compensation Fund and payment of interest on any moneys so borrowed;

(d) for payment of any grants which the Society may make in pursuance of the provisions of section two of this Act for any of the purposes mentioned in that section;

(e) for payment of all costs, charges and expenses incuired by the Society under or in the exercise of the powers conferred by this Schedule; and

(f) for payment of any other sums properly payable out of the Compensation Fund in pursuance of the provisions of section two of this Act, this Schedule or any rules made under section two of this Act.

3. The Council or any committee appointed by the Council and authorised by them to exercise any of their functions under section two of this Act or to assist them in the exercise of such functions may, for the purposes of inquiry into any matters which may affect the making or refusal of a grant under section two of this Act, administer oaths.

4. — (1) If the Council have reasonable cause to. believe that a solicitor or his clerk or servant has been guilty of any such dishonesty as is mentioned in section two of this Act, they may require the production or delivery to any person appointed by the Council at a time and place to be fixed by the Council, and may take possession of all deeds, wills, securities, papers, books of account, records, vouchers and other documents in the possession or control of such solicitor or his firm, or relating to any trust of which he is a sole trustee or is co-trustee only with a partner, clerk or servant of his or with more than one of such persons.

(2) If any person having possession or control of any such deeds, wills, securities, papers, books of account, records, vouchers or documents, refuses or fails forthwith after being required by the Council so to do to produce or deliver the same, or cause the same to be produced or delivered in manner aforesaid, such person shall upon summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and the Council may apply to the High Court or a judge thereof for an order and the Court or a judge thereof may on such application make an order upon such person to produce or deliver the same or cause the same to be produced or delivered in manner aforesaid within such time as the Court or a judge thereof may order.

(3) Upon taking possession of any such deeds, wills, securities, papers, books of account, records, vouchers or documents which shall have been delivered to the Council, the Council shall serve upon such solicitor and every person from whom they shall have been received, a notice-giving particulars and the date of taking possession thereof.

1ST Sch.

—cont.

408

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

1ST SCH. -—cont.

(4) Every requirement and notice to be made or given under this paragraph shall be made in writing under the hand of such person as may be appointed by the Council for the purpose. The Council may serve any such requirement or notice on any solicitor or other person as aforesaid personally or by forwarding it by registered letter addressed to his last known place of business or residence.

(5) Within fourteen days after a notice under sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph has been served in accordance with the last preceding sub-paragraph, the solicitor or other person upon whom such notice has been served as aforesaid may apply to a judge of the High Court in Chambers for an order directing the Council to return such deeds, wills, securities, papers, books of account, records, vouchers or documents to the person or persons from whom the same were received by the Council or to such other person or persons as the applicant may require. On the hearing of such application the judge may make the order applied for or such other order with respect to the matter as he may think fit.

(6) If no application shall be made to a judge of the High Court in accordance with the last preceding sub-paragraph or if the judge to whom such an application is made shall direct that the deeds, wills, securities, papers, books of account, records, vouchers or documents shall remain in the custody or control of the Council, the Council may make inquiries to ascertain the person or persons to whom the same belong and may deal with the same in accordance with the directions of such person or persons.

(7) In this paragraph the expression " securities" means documents constituting or evidencing the title to any property.

5. If the Council are satisfied that a solicitor or his clerk or servant has been guilty of any such dishonesty as is mentioned in section two of this Act, they may apply to the High Court or a judge thereof for an order, and the Court or a judge thereof may on such application make an order, that no payment shall be made without the leave of the Court or a judge thereof by any banker named in the order out of any banking account in the name of such solicitor or his firm.

6. Every application to a judge of the High Court in Chambers under sub-paragraph (5) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule and every application to the High Court or a judge thereof under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 4 or under paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall be made in such form and heard in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made from time to time by the Master of the Rolls with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice or (in the case of difference) of one of them.

1941.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

409

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Sections 5, 6.

Forms.

A.

Declaration for obtaining Practising Certificate.

No. 19

I hereby declare as follows, that is to say:—

(1) I was admitted a Solicitor of the Supreme Court in the month of in the year

and my place(s) of business is/are as follows:—

(2) (b) The provisions of section 38 of the Solicitors Act, 1932 (as re-enacted by the Solicitors Act, 1941) do not apply to me

(or)

(b) The provisions of section 38 of the Solicitors Act, 1932 (as re-enacted by the Solicitors Act, 1941) apply to me and I have duly given the notice required by that section.

(3) (c) I have, to the best of my knowledge and belief, complied with the Solicitors' Accounts Rules for the time being in force

M

(c) I am exempt from complying with the Solicitors' Accounts Rules (d) on the following ground:—(e)

(or)

(c) I have not complied with the Solicitors' Accounts Rules (d) in the following respects:—(/)

(4} (g) I have previously to this application held fewer than three/six practising certificates.

Dated this day of 19 .

(Signature)

To the Law Society.

(a) All places of business if more than one must be stated. If any changes have taken place since last practising certificate, particulars should be given.

(b) Strike out whichever of the two alternative paragraphs does not apply.

4io

2ND SCH.

—cont.

Ch. 46. Solicitors Act, 1941. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(c) Strike out whichever two of the three alternative paragraphs do not apply.

(d) A copy of the Solicitors* Accounts Rules now in force is printed in full on the back of this form.

(e) If exemption from compliance with the Solicitors' Accounts Rules is claimed, state here the ground of exemption, which may be a right of exemption under section four, five, six or seven of the Solicitors Act, 1933.

(f) State the respects in which the Solicitors* Accounts Rules have not been complied with.

(g) Delete if inapplicable or strike out three or six, whichever does not apply. Under section two of the Solicitors Act, 1941, a solicitor is exempt from contributing to the Compensation Fund in respect of his first three practising certificates and is only required to pay one-half of the amount of the annual contribution in respect of each of his next three practising certificates.

B.

Practising Certificate.

No. 19 .

Pursuant to the Solicitors Acts; 1932 to 1941, the Law Society, as

the registrar of solicitors, hereby certifies that

Solicitor of the Supreme Court, whose place(s) of business is/are at

has left with the said Society a declaration

in writing pursuant to the said Acts, and hereby further certifies that the said solicitor is duly enrolled a solicitor of the Supreme Court, and is entitled to practise as such solicitor on this Certificate being duly stamped as required by law.

Given under the hand of the Secretary of the Law Society this day of 19 .

Secretary.

Produced and entered this day of 19 .

If this certificate is stamped after the 1st January, it should be produced to the Law Society within a month after the payment of the duty.

If the solicitor is a notary public, the certificate should be entered at the Faculty Office.

1941

Solicitors Act, 1941.

Ch. 46.

411

THIRD SCHEDULE. Sections 8. 13.

15,19,21,22,23.

Subsection (2) of Section 5, Subsection (2) of Section 7, Subsection (3) of Section 37, Subsection (4) of Section 41, Section 46, Subsection (i) of Section 47 and Sections 48

AND 49 OF THE PRINCIPAL ACT, AND SUBSECTION (3) OF

Section 2 of the Solicitors Act, 1936, as amended by this Act.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 5 (2).

On the hearing of any such application the Committee shall have power to make any such order as to removing from or striking off the roll the name of the solicitor to whom the application relates, as to suspending him from practice, as to payment by him of a penalty not exceeding five hundred pounds (which shall be forfeit to His Majesty), as to the payment by any party of costs or of such sum as they may consider a reasonable contribution towards costs and otherwise in relation to the case as they may think fit:

Provided that upon proof of the commission of an offence with respect to which express provision is made by any section of this Act, the Committee shall, without prejudice to their power of making an order as to costs, impose the punishment, or one of the punishments, specified in that section.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 7 (2).

Where by any such order as aforesaid the name of any solicitor is ordered to be removed from or struck off the roll or any solicitor is suspended from practice or ordered to pay any penalty under subsection (2) of section five of this Act or subsection (2) of section two of the Solicitors Act, 1933, the registrar shall forthwith upon the filing of the order cause a notice stating the effect of the operative part thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 37 (3).

Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section, the Registrar, if satisfied that the name of the applicant is on the Roll, shall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the delivery to him of the declaration, deliver to the applicant or his agent upon demand a practising certificate in the form set out in the Third Schedule to this Act or in a form to the like effect.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 41 (4).

Every certificate shall continue in force from the day from or on which it has or takes effect in accordance with this section until the fifteenth day of November next following the date of issue thereof (both days inclusive) and shall then expire.

412

Ch. 46.

Solicitors Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 47 (1).

Any person, not being a barrister, or a duly certificated solicitor, solicitor in Scotland, writer to the signet, notary public, conveyancer, special pleader, or draftsman in equity, who, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in expectation of any fee, gain or reward, either directly or indirectly, draws or prepares any instrument relating to real or personal estate, or any legal proceeding, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 48.

Any person, not being a barrister, or a duly certificated solicitor, notary public or conveyancer, who, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in expectation of any fee, gain or reward, either directly or indirectly, draws or prepares any instrument of transfer or charge for the purposes of the Land Registration Act, 1925, or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof, or makes any application or lodges any document for registration under that Act at the registry, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

Provided that this section shall not extend to—

(a) any public officer drawing or preparing instruments and applications in the course of his duty; or

(b) any person employed merely to engross any instrument or application.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 49.

Any person, not being a barrister, or a duly certificated solicitor, notary public, conveyancer, special pleader, or draftsman in equity, who, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in expectation of any fee, gain or reward, either directly or as an agent of any other person, whether a person qualified as above mentioned or not, takes instructions for or draws or prepares any papers on which to found or oppose a grant of probate or of letters of administration shall, without prejudice to any liability or disability to which he may be subject under any other section of this Act or under any other Act, be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds for each such offence.

Solicitors Act, 1936, section 2 (3).

The Registrar shall refuse to register any articles produced to him under section sixteen of the Solicitors Act, 1932, (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") unless the articles are accompanied by a consent issued under this section and dated not earlier than six months before the date of the articles.

Solicitors Act, 1932, section 46.

Any person, not having in force a practising certificate, who wilfully pretends to be, or takes or uses any name, title, addition or description implying that he is qualified or recognised by law as qualified to act as a solicitor, shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for each such offence.

1941.

Marriage (Members of His Majesty's Forces) Act, 1941.

Ch. 47.

413

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to provide further facilities for the marriage of members of His Majesty’s forces (including women’s services) during the war period, and to amend the Marriage (Naval, Military and Air Force Chapels) Act, 1932.

[nth November 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Where the parties to an intended marriage have duly fulfilled all the conditions required by law for enabling them to be married in a building in England, then, if either of the parties, being a member of His Majesty’s forces, has obtained from the appropriate authority a certificate that owing to the exigencies of His Majesty's service he or she cannot go to that building and that the said authority has no reason to believe that he or she is already married, the marriage may, during the war period—

(a) be lawfully solemnized in any other building in England in which marriages may be lawfully solemnized, as if the parties had duly fulfilled all the conditions required by law for enabling them to be married in that building; or

(b) be lawfully celebrated by a minister in Scotland, or contracted in the office of an authorised registrar in Scotland, as if the parties had duly fulfilled all the conditions required by law for enabling the marriage to be so celebrated or contracted.

(2) Where the parties to an intended marriage have duly fulfilled all the conditions required by law for enabling a marriage between them to be celebrated or contracted in Scotland, then, if either of the parties, being a member of His Majesty's forces, has obtained from the appropriate authority a certificate that owing to the exigencies of His Majesty’s service he or she cannot go to Scotland to be married there, and that the said authority has no reason to believe that he or she is already married, the marriage may, during the war period, be lawfully solemnized in any building in England in which marriages may lawfully be solemnized, as if the parties thereto had duly fulfilled all the conditions required by law for enabling them to be married in that building.

Alteration of place of marriage

414

Extension of time for marriage.

4 Geo. 4. c. 76.

Power to issue marriage licence forthwith after notice of marriage.

Ch. 47. Marriage (Members of 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

His Majesty's Forces) Act, 1941.

2. — (1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect, notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, as respects the time within which a marriage may be solemnized, celebrated or contracted in cases where, at the time when the marriage is solemnized, celebrated or contracted, one at least of the parties thereto is a member of His Majesty’s forces—

(a) if publication of the banns has been completed (whether

before or after the commencement of this Act) in accordance with the provisions of the Marriage Act, 1823, the marriage may be solemnized in England at any time during the war period within one year after the complete publication of the banns, and any certificate granted with respect thereto shall have effect accordingly;

(b) if a licence for the marriage has been granted (whether

before or after the commencement of this Act) by an archbishop, bishop, ordinary or other person having authority to grant such a licence, the marriage may be solemnized in England at any time during the war period within one year after the grant of the licence, and the licence shall have effect accordingly;

(c) if notice of the marriage has been entered and a certificate thereon granted (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) by a superintendent registrar in England, the marriage may be solemnized in England or celebrated or contracted in Scotland at any time during the war period within one year after the entry of the notice, and the notice and certificate and any licence which may have been granted thereon shall have effect accordingly;

(d) if notice of the marriage has been given to, and a certificate thereon granted by, a registrar in Scotland (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), the marriage may be solemnized in England or celebrated or contracted in Scotland at any time during the war period within one year after the date of the certificate, and the notice and certificate shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The reference in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection to the provisions of the Marriage Act, 1823, shall be construed as including a reference to those provisions as amended or applied by any subsequent enactment.

3. Where—

(a) a superintendent registrar in England receives during the war period notice of an intended marriage to be solemnized by licence; and

1941- Marriage (Members of Ch. 47.

His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1941.

(b) one at least of the parties to the intended marriage is a member of His Majesty's forces;

the Registrar General may, notwithstanding anything in section nine of the Marriage and Registration Act, 1856 (which provides that the certificate and licence to marry mentioned in that section shall not be issued until the expiration of one whole day after the day of entry of the notice) authorise the superintendent registrar to issue such a certificate and licence forthwith after entry of the notice.

4. Subsection (2) of section one of the Marriage (Naval, Military and Air Force Chapels) Act, 1932 (which describes the persons qualified to marry in a chapel to which the Act applies) shall have effect as if the following paragraph were substituted for paragraph (d) thereof (which relates to the nursing service) :—

" (d) is a woman actually employed in any capacity specified in the First Schedule to the Marriage (Members of His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1941, as amended by any Order in Council for the time being in force under that Act, in the service of any force mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection; "

5. — (1) For the purposes of this Act, the expression " member of His Majesty's forces " means—

(a) a man, being a member of any of His Majesty’s naval,

military or air forces; or

(b) a woman in the service of any of His Majesty’s naval,

military or air forces in any capacity respectively specified in Part I, Part II or Part III of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Coungil direct that, subject to any exceptions specified in the Order, there shall be added to Part I, Part II or Part III of the said Schedule, women in the service of any of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces respectively in such capacities as may be specified in the Order.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, the expression " appropriate authority " in relation to a member of His Majesty’s forces of any description specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, means the authority respectively specified in the second column of that Schedule.

(4) A certificate stating that—

(a) a person named in the certificate is a member of His Majesty's forces for the purposes of this Act; and

(b) that the person signing the certificate is the appropriate

authority for the purposes of this Act in relation to that person;

shall be conclusive evidence for the purposes of this Act of the facts so stated.

415

19 & 20 Vict, c. 119.

t

Naval, military and air force chapels (qualification of women’s services).

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 31.

Interpretation

&c.

416

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

[Short title.]

Section 5.

Ch. 47. Marriage (Members of 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1941.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, the expression " the war period" means the period beginning with the commencement of this Act and ending when the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, expires.

(6) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order of His Majesty in Council.

6. This Act may be cited as the Marriage (Members of His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1941.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Women who are Members of His Majesty’s Forces for Purposes of Act.

Part I.

Naval Forces.

Employed in the Naval Service with relative rank of a medical officer.

Member of the Women’s Royal Naval Service.

Member of Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Part II.

Military Forces.

Employed with the Royal Army Medical Corps with relative rank as an officer.

Member of Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Member of the Territorial Army Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Member of the Auxiliary Territorial Service.

Part III.

Air Forces.

Employed with the medical branch of the Royal Air Force with relative rank as an officer.

Member of Princess Mary’s Royal Air Force Nursing Service, or its reserve.

Member of the Women’s Auxiliary Air Force.

1941.

Marriage (Members of

His Majesty's Forces) Act, 1941.

Ch. 47.

4i7

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 5.

Appropriate authority for purposes of Act.

Description of member of

His Majesty’s forces. Appropriate authority.

A man borne on the books of one of His Majesty’s ships.

A man, being a member of any of His Majesty’s military forces, and not being a marine borne on the books of one of His Majesty's ships.

A man, being a member of any of His Majesty’s air forces.

A woman serving in any capacity specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, as amended by any Order in Council for the time being in force under this Act.

A woman serving in any capacity specified in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, as amended by any Order in Council for the time being in force under this Act.

A woman serving in any capacity specified in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act, as amended by any Order in Council for the time being in force under this Act.

The officer commanding the ship.

An officer not below the rank of major.

An officer not below the rank of squadron leader.

The officer commanding the ship or establishment to ,

which she is attached, or a woman of a rank not below a rank equivalent to that of commander.

An officer not below the rank of major, or a woman of a rank not below a rank equivalent to that of major.

An officer not below the rank of squadron leader, or a woman of a rank not below a rank equivalent to that of squadron leader.

2 D

41*

Ch. 48, 49.

Prolongation of Parliament Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Prolongation of present Parliament.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 13.

1 Geo. 1. St. *. c. 38.

[Short title.]

Continuance with amendment of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 115. 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

c. 3-

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to extend the duration of the present Parliament.

[nth November 1941."

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritui and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section seven of the Parliament Act, 1911, (which provides that five years shall be substituted for seven yean as the time fixed for the maximum duration of Parliament under the Septennial Act 1715) shall not apply to the present Parliament.

2. This Act may be cited as the Prolongation of Parliament Act, 1941.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to continue in force the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, as amended by the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940, and to make certain amendments of those Acts, including amendments modifying the qualifications of common councilmen of the City of London and the persons entitled to vote at elections of aldermen and common councilmen in the said City and postponing the preparation of ward lists in the said City.

[nth November 1941.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1930, as amended by the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940, shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in the Schedule to this Act, and, as so amended, shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-twro, and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise determines.

1941. Local Elections and Register Ch. 49.

of Electors ( Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

SCHEDULE.

Such of the provisions of the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, as amended by the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940, as are specified in the first column of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of this Schedule.

Section four At the end of the section there shall be

inserted the following subsections :—

" (2) Notwithstanding anything in section one of this Act, section five of the local Act 12 & 13 Vict. cap. xciv, in so far as it requires, as a qualification for election as a common councilman for any ward in the City of London, the occupation of premises in the said ward rated at the amount specified in the said section, shall not apply to any election taking place while this Act is in force or before the fifteenth day of October next following the expiry of this Act.

(3) Section two of the City of London Municipal Elections Amendment Act, 1867, in so far as it requires, as a qualification for voting at an election for an alderman or common councilman for any ward in the City of London, the occupation of premises in the said ward rated at the amount specified in the said section, shall not apply to any such election taking place while this Act is in force or before the third day of December next following the expiry of this Act.

(4) The lists of persons in the several wards of the City of London who are entitled to vote under the City of London Municipal Elections Amendment Act, 1867, being the lists made out and signed on the third day of December, nineteen hundred and forty, in accordance with section five of the said Act, shall remain in force until the third day of December next following the expiry of this Act; and no further lists shall be made out under the said section five while this Act is in force.'*

2 D 2

419

[Short title.]

429

Ch. 49. Local Elections and Register 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

Section eight - - After paragraph ( of the section there shall

be inserted the following paragraphs—

" (1ha )where a councillor who has been continued in, or elected to, office by or in pursuance of this Act, has thereafter been elected to the office of bailie or appointed to the office of judge of police, nothing in section one of this Act shall operate to continue that councillor in that office beyond the date on which he ceases to be a councillor or the expiry of three years from the first Tuesday of November immediately preceding his election or appointment to that office, or, in the case of a person so elected or appointed after the first Tuesday of November, nineteen hundred and forty-one, beyond such earlier date as may be fixed by the council at the time of his election or appointment to that office, whichever may be the earliest:

Provided that—

(i) this paragraph shall be without

prejudice to the re-election of any such councillor to either of the said offices;

(ii) nothing in this paragraph shall affect

the provisions of any local Act by virtue of which a councillor who is elected a bailie or appointed a judge of police ceases to hold office at an earlier date than that herein provided;

(bb) notwithstanding anything in section one of this Act, every county councillor representing a burgh shall cease to hold office as a county councillor on the first Tuesday of December, nineteen hundred and forty-one, and the town council of the burgh shall elect from among their own number persons (who may be the retiring councillors) to hold office as county councillors as from the said date."

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

421

CHAPTER 50.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Amendment as to period for making Exchequer contributions

towards purchases of lime and basic slag and abolition of functions of Land Fertility Committee.

2. Amendment as to period for making Exchequer grants towards

land drainage expenditure.

3. Exchequer contributions towards expenditure on supply of

water to agricultural land.

4. Power of Minister to make advances towards expenditure of

drainage authorities.

5. Extension of powers as to drainage schemes.

6. Recovery of expenses of certain drainage works.

7. Provisions as to ways over fen-lands wholly or partly in internal

drainage districts.

8. Provisions as to ways over fen-lands not in any internal drainage

district.

9. Power of Minister to buy requisitioned land.

10. Disposal of land acquired under the last preceding section.

11. Prevention of bee diseases.

12. Application to Scotland.

13. Other provisions as to Scotland.

14. Application to Northern Ireland.

15. Interpretation.

16. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Provisions of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, applied, with Adaptations and Modifications, to Local Drainage Districts.

Second Schedule.—Recovery from Drainage Boards of Expenses of Certain Drainage Works.

Third Schedule.—Provisions applicable to recovery of expenses from owners of land.

Fourth Schedule.—Adaptations and Modifications of the Lands Clauses Acts.

An Act to amend the law relating to agriculture (including bee-keeping) and agricultural land.

[nth November 1941.]

DE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Section one of the Agriculture Act, 1937 (which Amendment authorises Exchequer contributions towards purchases of lime J8 to Period and basic slag), shall have effect as if for subsection (3) thereof ExchSmer (which prohibits the making of contributions after the thirty- contributions first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty, subject to a power towards

L*

422

Ch. 50.

Agriculture , 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

purchases of lime and basic slag and abolition of functions of Land Fertility Committee.

1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 70.

Amendment as to period for making Exchequer grants

towards land

drainage

expenditure.

Exchequer contributions towards expenditure on supply of water to agricultural land.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 14.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 50.

Power of Minister to make advances towards expenditure of drainage authorities.

to postpone the date for not more than two successive periods of one year), there were substituted the following subsection

" (3) Contributions shall not be made under this section towards any cost incurred in respect of basic slag by an occupier of agricultural land after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-one, or towards any cost incurred in respect of lime by an occupier of agricultural land after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-four."

(2) Section two of the said Act (which provides for the appointment and functions of the Land Fertility Committee) shall cease to have effect, and the Land Fertility Committee shall cease to exercise any functions in relation to the Land Fertility Scheme, and those functions, except so far as they are of an advisory character, shall be exercised by the Ministers as defined by section thirty-two of the said Act.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

2. — (1) Section fifteen of the Agriculture Act, 1937 (which authorises Exchequer grants towards expenditure incurred by drainage authorities), shall have effect as if for subsection (3) thereof (which prohibits the making of grants after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty, subject to a power to postpone the date for not more than two successive periods of one year) there were substituted the following subsection :—

" (3) Grants shall not be made under this section towards any expenditure incurred by an authority after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-four."

(2) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

3. Section fifteen of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, as amended by section one of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which authorises Exchequer grants towards expenditure on the field drainage of agricultural land and the improvement of ditches on any such land), shall have effect as if after the words "improvement of ditches on any such land " there were inserted the words "or for the supply of water to any such land."

4. The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make advances of such amounts and subject to such conditions as may be approved by the Treasuty to any drainage authority towards expenditure to be incurred by the authority in carrying out any drainage scheme or in preparing or carrying out any scheme approved by him under section fourteen of the

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

4*3

Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act,. 1940, being expenditure towards which it appears to the Minister that a grant will be made under section fifteen of the Agriculture Act, 1937, or under the said section fourteen, as the case may be.

5. — (1) Section fourteen of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940 (which enables schemes to be prepared by Catchment Boards for the drainage of certain agricultural land), shall apply in relation to land within a local drainage district as it applies in relation to land not within such a district, and accordingly, in subsection (1) of the said section fourteen, the words "but not within any drainage district other than a catchment area " are hereby repealed:

Provided that no scheme prepared by a Catchment Board under the said section fourteen shall provide for the drainage of land within a local drainage district except with the consent of the drainage board for that district or of the Minister.

(2) A scheme may be prepared under the said section fourteen by a Catchment Board for draining' any land notwithstanding that they are of opinion that the cost of preparing and carrying out the scheme will exceed an amount equal to five pounds for each acre of the land, so long as they are of opinion that the said cost will not exceed an amount equal to ten pounds for each acre thereof, and accordingly in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of the said section fourteen for the words "five pounds " there shall be substituted the words "ten pounds."

(3) Any increase in any grant payable under subsection (7) of the said section fourteen which is ascribable to the foregoing provisions of this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) Where the area of a scheme prepared under the said section fourteen by a Catchment Board (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) includes land not within a local drainage district, the Catchment Board shall, until the expiration of three years from the end of the war period, have power to maintain and work any works executed under the scheme and shall for that purpose have all the powers which they have by virtue of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, in relation to the main 20 & 21 Geo. 5. river; and the Board shall, on demand made of any person c- 44-

who at the time of the demand occupies any of the land comprised in the area of the scheme, be entitled to recover from him as a debt the amount apportioned to the land so occupied by him of any expenses incurred by the Board for the maintenance or working of those works, being expenses incurred before the expiration of three years from the end of the war period.

Any apportionment under this subsection shall be made on the basis set out in the scheme for the apportionment of the

Extension of powers as to drainage schemes.

424

Agriculture 4 & 5 Geo. 6-

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Recovery of expenses of certain drainage works.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 9.

Ch. 50.

net cost of the scheme, and any amount recoverable under this subsection may, without prejudice to any other mode for the recovery thereof, be recovered summarily as a civil debt.

(5) The provisions of the said section fourteen and of the Fifth Schedule to the said Act, as set out with adaptations and modifications in the First Schedule to this Act, shall have effect for the purpose of enabling the drainage board of any local drainage district to exercise in relation to land within that district similar powers to those exercisable by Catchment Boards under the said section fourteen, subject, however, in the case of an internal drainage board to the supervision and control of the Catchment Board provided for by section seven of the Land Drainage Act, 1930.

(6) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the fifth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one, and anything done or purporting to be done under or by virtue of paragraphs (4), (4A) and (4B) of Regulation sixty-two C of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, shall be deemed to have been done or to have purported to have been done under or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section.

6. — (1) Where work for the drainage of any agricultural land has been done (whether before or after the passing of this Act) under the authority of the Minister in the exercise of powers conferred by Defence Regulations, the expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the work—

(a) may, in a case where the land on which the work was carried out is in a local drainage district which existed at the time of the completion of the work or was constituted not later than one year thereafter, be recovered from the drainage board for that district, and in that case the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply; or

(b) in any case may be recovered from the owners of land,

the value of which for agricultural purposes will be increased by the doing of the work, and in that case the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act shall apply.

In this subsection, the expression " owner " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 8 of the said Third Schedule.

(2) Where, on the termination of a tenancy of a holding within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, in respect of which any sum has been paid or become recoverable by virtue of a notice served under the said Third Schedule as applied by this section, the landlord proves to the satisfaction of an arbitrator appointed under that Act that all or any of the work in respect of which the payment has been or will be made was rendered

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

425

necessary by the neglect of the tenant to comply with any obligation relating to the maintenance or repair of a watercourse imposed on him by virtue of the contract of tenancy, the arbitrator shall award the landlord compensation equal to so much of the sum paid or payable as was attributable to the doing of that work:

Provided that, where any agreement is made between the landlord and tenant of such a holding as aforesaid for the payment by the tenant of any contribution in respect of the sum paid or payable as aforesaid, that contribution shall be recoverable from the tenant in lieu of compensation under this subsection.

For the purposes of any arbitration under this subsection, a certificate by the Minister that such part of any sum paid or payable as aforesaid as may be specified in the certificate was attributable to the doing of work so specified shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(3) Section two of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which provides for the recovery of expenses from the owners of certain fen-land in respect of the improvement of ways and drainage works on such land), shall cease to apply to drainage works; and accordingly the words in subsection (1) of that section " or for the drainage of such fen-land " and the words in subsection (8) thereof " or the land comprising the drainage works, as the case may be," are hereby repealed.

7. — (1) Section two of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions as Provisions) (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which provides for the recovery of J° over expenses in respect of the improvement of ways over fen-land wholly or in internal drainage districts and for the maintenance of work partly in done for the improvement of such ways) shall apply in relation internal to ways partly within an internal drainage district as well as in drainage relation to ways wholly within such a district; and an order districts-may be made under subsection (8) of that section requiring the internal drainage board of an internal drainage district to maintain the work done on any way which is partly within and partly not within that district as if the whole way were within that district, and references in that section to the internal drainage board of the internal drainage district in which the land over which the way runs is situated shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Where any sum is recoverable under the said section two from the owner of fen-land in respect of expenses incurred in connection with the improvement of any way over the land, and the land is held on any tenancy, he shall be entitled to recover from the tenant, and any assignee or successor of the tenant, interest on the said sum as from the date on which it became recoverable, at such rate as, in default of agreement

426 Ch. 50. Agriculture 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

between the owner and the tenant, may be fixed by the Treasury, and the interest shall be payable at the same times and be recoverable in the same manner as the rent payable under the tenancy.

In a case where the owner has elected to pay the said sum by instalments, the reference in this subsection to the date on which it became recoverable shall be construed as a reference to the date on which it would have become recoverable but for the election.

Provisions as to ways over fen-lands not in any internal drainage district.

8. — (1) Where work for the improvement of a way (not being a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large) over fen-land has been done under the authority of the Minister in the exercise of powers conferred by Defence Regulations, and no part of the way is within an internal drainage district, the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) The expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the W’ork may be recovered from the owners of land the value of which for agricultural purposes will be increased by the doing of the work, and the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act shall apply for that purpose, and wiiere any sum is recoverable under the said Schedule as applied by this section, subsection (2) of the last preceding section shall apply as if the sum were recoverable under section two of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) (No. 2) Act, 1940.

(3) If, either before or after the commencement of the work, the council of the county within which the way is situated notify the Minister in writing that they will undertake the maintenance of the wwk—

(a) the council shall maintain the work accordingly, for the

benefit of all persons from time to time interested in any of the lands which have been charged under the Third Schedule to this Act with the expenses incurred in connection with the work;

(b) the Minister shall, as soon as may be after the completion

of the work, deliver to the council a certificate in writing specifying the lands which have been charged as aforesaid and the proportion wdiich, in the case of each parcel of land, the amount charged bore to the total amount charged under that Schedule in respect of the expenses incurred in connection with the work;

(c) whenever the council incur any expense in maintaining

the work, they shall be entitled to recover as a debt from the owner of each of the said parcels such amount as bears to that expense the proportion specified in relation to that parcel in the certificate given by the Minister under paragraph (6) of this subsection;

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

427

(d) as from the delivery of the said certificate, the council shall be entitled to a charge bn each of >the said parcels for the said proportion of any expense incurred or to be incurred by them in the maintenance of the work.

(4) Any sum recoverable by a council under paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection shall, without prejudice to any other mode for the recovery thereof, be recoverable summarily as a civil debt; and any charge under paragraph (d) of that subsection shall be a local land charge and shall be registrable under section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, accordingly, and the council shall, for the purpose of enforcing the charge, have the same powers and remedies under the Law of Property Act, 1925, and otherwise as they would have if they were mortgagees by deed having powers of sale and lease, of accepting surrenders of leases, and of appointing a receiver.

(5) In determining for the purposes of this section, and of the Third Schedule to this Act as applied by this section, whether, and the amount by which, the value for agricultural purposes of any land will be increased by the doing of the work, due regard shall be had to the provisions of the two last preceding subsections.

(6) In this section the expression " owner " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 8 of the Third Schedule to this Act.

9. — (1) Where, whether before or after the commencement of this Act,—

(a) possession has been taken of any land for agricultural purposes by the Minister or by the Committee in the exercise of any power conferred by Defence Regulations; and

(b) the Minister, on the advice of the Committee, has certified

that at the time possession was so taken, the land was not being cultivated, or was not being cultivated in accordance with the rules of good husbandry; and

(c) the Minister, on the advice of the Committee, has further

certified that the value of the land has been or will be substantially increased by things which have been done, or which it is intended should be done, on the land by, or by arrangement with, the Minister or the Committee,

then, for the purpose of preserving for the Crown the benefit of that increase in value, the Minister may acquire and resell the land in accordance with the provisions of this and the next succeeding section, and, pending the resale, may create such tenancies, easements and other rights, make such contracts and do such things in relation to the land as will in his opinion conduce to the proper management and cultivation of that or any neighbouring land.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 22.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

Power of Minister to buy

requisitioned

land.

428

9 & io

Geo. 5- c. 57.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 12.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 122.

Ch. 50. Agriculture 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

(2) The Minister may acquire the land either by agreement or compulsorily, and for the purposes of the acquisition thereof, the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, subject, however, to the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, to the adaptations and modifications set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act and to the following provisions of this section:

Provided that no land shall be acquired under this section unless the contract for the acquisition thereof is made, or, as the case may be, the notice to treat is served, while the Minister or the Committee still continue in possession of the land, either by himself or themselves or by any person occupying the land under an occupation contract.

(3) In determining the amount of compensation to be given for any land acquired compulsorily under this section, the value of that land shall be taken to be the price which a willing seller would, at the date of the notice to treat, have been likely to obtain in the open market for the land if it had remained in the condition in which it was at the time when possession was taken by the Minister or the Committee, as the case may be, and such reduction, if any, shall be made in the compensation as is necessary in order to off-set any appreciation in the value of the land which is directly or indirectly ascribable to the war.

(4) For the purposes of section sixteen of the War Damage Act, 1941 (which relates to the payment to be made in a case where land which has sustained war damage, is, before the damage has been fully made good, acquired compulsorily by virtue of an enactment passed before the passing of that Act), this Act shall be deemed to have been passed before that Act, and, where land is acquired under this section, no value payment shall be made under that Act in respect of any damage to the land occurring after possession of the land had been taken by the Minister or the Committee, as the case may be.

(5) On the acquisition by the Minister under this section of any land which is the subject of an occupation contract, that contract shall, as from the date of the acquisition, have effect for all purposes (including the purposes of the next succeeding section) as if it had created a tenancy granted by the Minister;

Provided that the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, shall not, by virtue of this subsection, apply in relation to any such tenancy except in so far as it was incorporated in the occupation contract.

(6) Nothing in this section shall authorise the acquisition of any land which is, or forms part of, a metropolitan common within the meaning of the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, or which is subject, or might be made subject, to regulation under an order or scheme made in pursuance of the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, or under any local Act or otherwise, or which

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

429

is or forms part of any town or village green, or of any area dedicated or appropriated as a public park, garden or pleasure ground, or for use for the purposes of public recreation, or of any land the fee simple absolute in possession of which belongs to, and is held inalienably by, the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907, whether subject to any tenancy or not.

17) The expenses of the Minister in acquiring land under this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

10. — (1) Where the Minister has acquired any land under the last preceding section, he shall, at such time as he thinks fit but not in any case more than five years after the end of the war period, make to such person as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section such an offer as is mentioned in subsection (3) thereof:

Provided that the Minister shall not be under any obligation to make any such offer in the case of any land if, at the time when he would otherwise have made such an offer in the case of that land, either—

(a) after such advertisement and enquiry as appears to the Minister to be reasonable, no such person can be found; or

(b) the Minister, after having given an opportunity to any

persons appearing to him as likely to be affected of making representations and considered any such representations made, certifies that in his opinion the result of the making and acceptance of such an offer would be that the land could not or would not be properly managed and cultivated.

(2) The person to whom the said offer shall be made shall—

(a) where, when possession of the land was taken by the Minister or the Committee, the land formed part of an estate, and, when the offer is made, some person owns at least two-thirds (in area) of the land which was comprised in that estate, be that person; and

(b) in any other case, be such person, if any, as, in the

opinion of the Minister, is proper to be treated as the person who would, but for the acquisition of the land by the Minister, own the land.

In this subsection, the expression " estate" means land managed as one unit by or on behalf of the owner thereof (whether or not parts of it are farmed or occupied by different persons) and the expression " own" means own in fee simple, whether or not subject to any mortgage of tenancy, and includes owning as a tenant for life or in any other fiduciary capacity.

7 Edw. 7. c. cxxxvi.

Disposal of land acquired under the last preceding section.

Ch. 50. Agriculture 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

(3) The said offer shall be an offer to sell the land for an estate in fee simple absolute in possession, subject however to any tenancies, easements or other rights which existed when the Minister acquired the land or were granted by the Minister in so far as they are still subsisting at the date of the offer, at such price as may be specified in the offer or, if the person to whom the offer is made so elects in accepting the offer, at such price as may be agreed, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by arbitration to be the price which a willing seller would at the date of the offer have been likely to obtain in the open market:

Provided that, where the price or compensation paid by the Minister for the acquisition of the land from the person to whom the offer is made or his predecessor in title included a sum in respect of severance from, or injurious affection of, other land, and the damage for which that sum was paid will be wholly or partly made good to the person to whom the offer is made by his availing himself of the offer, the Minister, in considering what price he is prepared to accept, and the arbitrator, in determining wffiat price is to be paid, shall include therein such sum as corresponds to the damage so made good, not exceeding the sum included as aforesaid in the price or compensation paid by the Minister.

(4) An offer made under the last preceding subsection shall remain open for three months from the date of the making thereof and shall not be capable of being withdrawn before the expiration of that period.

(5) Where such an offer as aforesaid is accepted and the price falls to be determined by arbitration, the arbitrator shall be such one of the official arbitrators under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, as may be selected by the Reference Committee under that Act on the WTitten application either of the Minister or of the person to wffiom the offer was made.

There shall be payable in respect of any such application and in respect of any hearing the same fees, to be collected in the same manner, as wrould be payable if the arbitration were an arbitration under the said Act, but subject as aforesaid the Arbitration Acts, 1889 and 1934, shall apply to the arbitration.

(6) Where such an offer as aforesaid is made and lapses or is duly withdrawn, or where for any reason no such offer has to be made, the Minister may resell the land when, to wffiom and in wffiat manner he thinks fit; and the title of a purchaser of any land from the Minister shall not be impeachable on the ground of the failure of the Minister to make such an offer as aforesaid or of any irregularity in relation to any such offer, and such a purchaser shall not, either before or on conveyance, be concerned to see or inquire whether or not there has been any such failure or irregularity.

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

43i

(7) A sale by the Minister under this section may, if the Minister thinks fit, be made in consideration, wholly or partly, of the granting to the Minister of a rentcharge issuing out of the land sold, and on any sale by the Minister under this section, any part of the price may, if the Minister thinks fit, be left outstanding and secured by a mortgage to the Minister of all or any part of the land sold.

11. — (1) For the purpose of preventing the spreading of pests or diseases among bees, the Minister may by order provide—

(a) for obtaining information as to the persons who keep

bees, and as to the occurrence of any such pest or disease affecting bees as may be specified in the order;

(b) for the inspection of bees and combs, and of hives,

containers, and other appliances used in connection therewith;

(c) for prohibiting or restricting the movement of bees and

combs, and of any such appliances as aforesaid;

(d) for determining whether any bees or combs, or any such appliances as aforesaid, are infected, or have been exposed to infection, with any pest or disease specified in the order, and for the destruction or treatment of any bees, combs or appliances determined to be so infected or to have been exposed to such infection;

(e) for such incidental and supplementary matters as may be necessary or expedient.

(2) The Minister shall appoint an advisory committee for the purposes of this section, and shall exercise the powers conferred on him by subsection (1) of this section and, to such extent as may be provided in any order made thereunder, the powers conferred on him by any such order, after consultation with that committee.

(3) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with the provisions of any order made under this section, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(4) Any order made under this section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order thereunder.

(5) The expenses incurred by the Minister in exercising his powers under this section or under any order made thereunder shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) In this section the term " bees" means honey bees, and includes such bees in any stage of their life cycle.

(7) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the thirtieth day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-one, and anything done under or by virtue of Regulation sixty-two BB

Prevention of bee diseases.

432

Agriculture 4 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, shall be deemed to have been done under or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section.

Application to —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the

Scotland. purpose of the application of this Act to Scotland.

(2) In sections nine and ten and in the Fourth Schedule for

N any reference to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries there

shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State, and in the said' sections the expression " the Committee" means the Agricultural Executive Committee referred to in subsection (1) of section thirty-one of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940.

(3) " Easement" means servitude; " own in fee simple" means be the proprietor of the dominium utile; " mortgage" means heritable security; " arbitrator" means arbiter; " sell " includes feu; and " tenant for life" means liferenter.

(4) For section three there shall be substituted the following section—

" 3. Section sixteen of the Agriculture Act, 1937, (which authorises Exchequer grants towards expenditure on the drainage of agricultural land in Scotland) shall have effect as if after the words the drainage thereof there were inserted the words ‘ or on the supply of water thereto

(5) Section nine shall in relation to any land, which, at the time possession was taken, was kept or preserved mainly or exclusively for purposes of sport or recreation, have effect as if in paragraphs (b) and (c) of subsection (1) the words " on the advice of the Committee " were omitted.

(6) In section nine for the reference to the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, there shall be substituted a reference to the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Acts, 1923 and 1931; and for the reference to land the fee simple absolute in possession of which belongs to, and is held inalienably by, the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty, incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907, there shall be substituted a reference to land held inalienably by the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty, incorporated under the

26 Geo. 5. & National Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act, 1935.

w. . c. 11. in sectjon ten for the reference to selling land for an estate

in fee simple absolute in possession there shall be substituted a reference to selling the whole right, title and interest in land; and the reference to the Arbitration Acts, 1889 and 1934, shall be omitted.

(8) Section eleven shall not apply.

1941*

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

433

(9) In the Fourth Schedule—

(a) for paragraph 2 there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" 2. The following provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, that is to say—

(a) sections eighty-three to eighty-nine (which relate to entry on the land acquired);

(b) sections one hundred and twenty to pne hundred

and twenty-seven (which relate to the sale of superfluous land and to deficiencies of land-tax and rates); and

(c) sections one hundred and forty-two and one hundred and forty-three (which relate to access to the Special Act),

shall not apply"; and

(b) paragraph 4 shall not apply.

13. — (1) Section seventeen of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864 (which relates to the advertisements and notices preliminary to sanction of improvements), shall, in so far as it requires notice of an application to be given by advertisement in any newspaper, cease to have effect.

(2) Section twenty-nine of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940 (as amended by section seven of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) (No. 2) Act, 1940) shall have effect as if in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) thereof there were inserted after the words "any other land " the words "(whether or not the owner or occupier of that other land is also the owner or occupier of the first-mentioned land)".

14. Section one of this Act shall extend to Northern Ireland but the remainder of this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

15. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

" the Minister" means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

" the Committee" means the War Agricultural Executive Committee as defined by section thirty of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940;

" Defence Regulations" means Regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940;

" drainage", " drainage authority "," internal drainage board", and " internal drainage district " have the same meanings as in the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

2 E

8 & 9 Vict.

c. 19.

Other provisions as to Scotland.

27 & 28 Vict, c. 114.

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

Interpretation.

434

Ch. 50.

Agriculture 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

1 & 3 Geo. 6.

c. 62.

[Short title.]

Section 5.

" fen-land " shall be construed generally, and not as limited to land in that part of England commonly known as " the Fens ";

" local drainage district" means a drainage district other than a catchment area;

" the rules of good husbandry " has the same meaning as for the purposes of section twenty-three of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, and " occupation contract" means any such contract for the occupation of land as is mentioned in the said section twenty-three; and

" the war period" means the period for which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is in force.

16. This Act may be cited as the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, applied, with Adaptations and Modifications, to Local Drainage Districts.

Section fourteen

14. — (1) Where the War Agricultural Executive Committee for a county or county borough consider that any agricultural land within the county or borough, being land within a local drainage district, is capable of improvement by the execution of drainage works, they may request the drainage board for that district to prepare and carry out a scheme for draining the land.

(2) After receiving such a request as respects any land, the board may prepare a scheme for draining the land, if they are of opinion—

(a) that the cost of preparing and carrying out the scheme will

not exceed an amount equal to ten pounds for each acre of the land; and

(b) that the value of the land for agricultural purposes will be

increased in consequence of the carrying out of the scheme.

(3) The provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the contents and approval by the Minister of a scheme under this section and to the notices to be given in relation thereto.

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

(4) Where a scheme prepared by a drainage board under this section has been approved by the Minister—

(a) the board may execute any works specified in the scheme, and for that purpose shall have all the powers which are exercisable by them under the Land Drainage Act, 1930, in relation to land in their district; and

(b) the owner of any land comprised in the area of the scheme

shall be liable to pay to the board, within one month after the date of a demand made in writing by the board, the amount apportioned under the scheme to that land of the net cost of the scheme:

Provided that an owner by whom any amount is so payable may, by notice in writing served on the board within the said one month, elect to pay the said amount, together with interest thereon from the said date, by such number of equal annual instalments, not exceeding five, as may be specified in the notice, so, however, that—

(i) the first such instalment shall be payable within one year

from the said date; and

(ii) the rate of interest shall, in default of agreement between the owner and the board, be fixed by the Minister.

(5) Any sum payable to a board under the last foregoing subsection—

(a) may be recovered by the board summarily as a civil debt; and

(b) shall be a charge on the land in respect of which it is payable;

and the board shall, for the purpose of enforcing any such charge, have the same powers and remedies under the Law of Property Act, 1925, and otherwise as they would have if they were mortgagees by deed, having powers of sale and lease, of accepting surrenders of leases and of appointing a receiver.

(6) Where, on the termination of the tenancy of a holding within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, in respect of which any sum has been paid or is payable to a board by virtue of a scheme under this section, the landlord proves to the satisfaction of an arbitrator appointed under that Act that any works executed in pursuance of the scheme were rendered necessary by the neglect of the tenant to comply with any obligation relating to the maintenance or repair of a watercourse imposed on him by virtue of the contract of tenancy, the arbitrator shall award the landlord compensation equal to so much of the net cost of the scheme as was attributable to the execution of those works:

Provided that, where any agreement is made between the landlord and the tenant of such a holding as aforesaid for the payment by the tenant of any contribution in respect of the sum paid or payable as aforesaid, that contribution shall be recoverable from the tenant in lieu of compensation under this subsection.

For the purposes of any arbitration under this subsection, a certificate by the board that such part of the net cost of the scheme as may be specified in the certificate was attributable to the execution of works so specified shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

2 E 2

436

Ch. 50.

Agriculture 4 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

ist Sch. (9) For the purposes of this section—

—cont.

(a) the expression " the area of the scheme " means, in relation to any scheme, the area of the land set out in the scheme as being the land to be drained in pursuance of the scheme; and

(b) the expression " net cost " means, in relation to any scheme,

such expenditure as is certified by the Minister to have been incurred by the board in preparing and carrying out the scheme, less the amount of any grant made by the Minister towards that expenditure; and

(c) the expression " local drainage district" means a drainage district other than a catchment area.

(10) The provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any award made under any enactment.

Fifth Schedule.

Provisions as to certain drainage schemes.

1. Every scheme shall set out—

(a) the area of the land to be drained in pursuance of the scheme;

(ft) a description of the works proposed to be executed in pursuance of the scheme;

(c) the estimated cost of preparing and carrying out the scheme;

(d) the amount of any grant which will, if the scheme is approved by the Minister, be made by him to the board towards the expenditure incurred by the board in preparing and carrying out the scheme; and

(e) the basis of apportionment, as between the lands comprised in

the area of the scheme, of the net cost of the scheme.

2. When the board have prepared the scheme, they may submit it to the Minister for his approval, and he may approve it either without modification or with any modifications which he considers expedient.

6. If the scheme is not approved by the Minister, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon by the board.

7. If the scheme is approved by the Minister, the board shall as soon as may be serve on the owners of land comprised in the area of the scheme a notice stating that the scheme has been approved, and every such notice shall contain a copy of the scheme.

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

437

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 6.

Recovery from Drainage Boards of Expenses of Certain Drainage Works.

1. The Minister shall serve on the drainage board, within one year from the completion of the work or from the constitution of the drainage board, whichever is the later, a notice specifying the amount of the expenses which the board is required to pay, and the said expenses shall become recoverable as a debt due to His Majesty at the expiration of one year from the date of the service of the notice and shall, without prejudice to any other mode for the recovery thereof, be recoverable by the Minister summarily as a civil debt.

2. The drainage board may, by notice in writing served on the Minister at any time within one year from the date of the service of the notice by the Minister under the foregoing paragraph, elect to pay the said expenses, together with interest thereon from the date on which the expenses would otherwise have become recoverable from the board, by such number of equal annual instalments, not exceeding five, as may be specified in the notice:

Provided that—

(a) the first instalment shall be payable within one year from the last-mentioned date; and

(£>) the rate of interest shall, in default of agreement between the board and the Minister, be fixed by the Treasury.

3. Where the drainage board do not exercise the powers conferred on them by paragraph 2 of this Schedule, they may borrow money under section forty-six of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, for the purpose of defraying the said expenses as if those expenses were expenses incurred by them under that Act.

4. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, a rate raised by a drainage board for the purpose of defraying any sums they are required to pay under this Schedule shall be an owners' drainage rate.

Provisions applicable to Recovery of Expenses from Owners of Land.

1. A proportion of the expenses shall be recoverable as a debt due to His Majesty from each owner of land the value of which will be increased by the doing of the work on whom a notice in writing requiring payment thereof is served by the Minister within one year from the completion of the work, and shall, without prejudice to any other mode for the recovery thereof, be recoverable by the Minister summarily as a civil debt.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Sections 6 and 8.

Ch. 50.

Agriculture 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

2. A notice served for the purposes of the preceding paragraph shall specify the sum which the owner on whom it is served is required to pay and the land in respect of which he is required to pay it, and that sum shall not exceed either of the following limits, that is to say,—

(a) the amount by which the value for agricultural purposes of the specified land will be increased by the doing of the work;

(b) the same proportion of the expenses as the amount aforesaid bears to the amount by which the value for agricultural purposes of all the land affected will be increased by the doing of the work.

3. Subject to the provisions of the two next succeeding paragraphs, the sum specified in such a notice shall become recoverable at the expiration of three months from the date of the service thereof.

4. If an owner on whom such a notice is served claims that none of the land in his ownership will be increased in value for agricultural purposes by the doing of the work, or that the sum specified in the notice exceeds either of the limits mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, he may, by notice in writing served on the Minister at any time within the said three months, require his claim to be referred for determination by a single arbitrator appointed by agreement between him and the Minister, or, in default of such agreement, by the President of the Chartered Surveyors’ Institution and, if he does so, no sum shall be recoverable from him until his claim has been so determined, and—

(a) if it is determined that none of the land in his ownership will

be increased in value as aforesaid, no part of the expenses shall be recoverable from him;

(b) if it is determined that the sum specified exceeds either of

the said limits, the sum recoverable from him shall be that sum less such amount as the arbitrator may determine to be requisite in order to bring it within those limits.

5. An owner on whom a notice for the purposes of paragraph 1 of this Schedule is served may, by notice in writing served on the Minister at any time within the said three months, or, if he has claimed a reference under the last preceding paragraph, at any time within one month from the date on which his claim has been determined, elect to pay any sum recoverable from him under this Schedule, together with interest thereon from the date on which that amount would otherwise have become recoverable from him, by such number of equal annual instalments, not exceeding five, as may be specified in his notice:

Provided that—

(a) the first instalment shall be payable within one year from

the last-mentioned date; and

(b) the rate of interest shall, in default of agreement between

the owner and the Minister, be fixed by the Treasury.

6. Any amount recoverable under the preceding provisions of this Schedule shall be a charge on the land specified in the relevant notice served for the purposes of paragraph 1 hereof, and the Minister shall, for the purpose of enforcing the charge, have the same powers and remedies under the Law of Property Act, 1925, and otherwise as he

1941.

Agriculture

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941.

Ch. 50.

439

would have if he were a mortgagee by deed having powers of sale and lease, of accepting surrenders of leases, and of appointing a receiver.

7. A notice to be served for the purposes of this Schedule may be served in any manner specified in section seventy-five of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, in relation to notices required or authorised to be served under or by virtue of that Act.

8. In this Schedule the expression " owner " in relation to land means the person who is receiving the rack rent of the land, whether on his own account or as agent or trustee for any other person, or would so receive the rack rent of the land if it were let at a rack rent, and in this paragraph the expression " rack rent" has the same meaning as in the Public Health Act, 1936.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Adaptations and Modifications of the Lands Clauses Acts.

1. This Act shall be deemed to be the Special Act, references to the promoters of the undertaking shall be construed as references to the Minister, and the undertaking shall be deemed to be the cultivation of the land for agricultural purposes.

2. The following provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, that is to say,—

(a) sections eighty-four to ninety-one (which relate to entry upon

the land acquired);

(b) sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and

thirty-three (which relate to the sale of superfluous land and

deficiencies of land-tax and rates); and

(c) sections one hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-one

(which relate to access to the Special Act), shall not apply.

3. Such adjustment shall be made in the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of any land compulsorily acquired as may be just, having regard to any payment of, or right to, compensation under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, in respect of the taking of possession of the land under Defence Regulations; and any such adjustment may, if the arbitrator thinks fit, take the form of a direction that the compensation payable to any person on the acquisition of the land shall be wholly or partly conditional on his relinquishing any such right, to such extent as is specified in the direction.

4. Where the land acquired is glebe land or other land belonging to an ecclesiastical benefice, sums agreed upon or awarded by way of compensation shall not be paid as directed by the Lands Clauses Acts, but shall be paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be applied by them as money paid to them upon a sale under the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts of land belonging to a benefice.

3RD Sch.

—cont.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

Sections 9, 12.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18.

2 & 3 Geo 6.

c. 75-

440

Ch. I, 2.

Arthur Jenkins Indemnity Act, 1941.

5 Geo. 6.

Indemnity for and removal of disqualification of Arthur J enkins, Esquire.

Short title

5 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to indemnify Arthur Jenkins, Esquire, from any penal consequence which he may have incurred by sitting or voting as a member of the House of Commons while holding the office of Chairman of the Local Appeal Board for a Royal Ordnance Factory, and to remove any disqualification for membership of that House by reason of his having held that office.

[10th December 1941]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Arthur Jenkins, Esquire, shall be and is hereby freed discharged and indemnified from all penal consequences whatsoever incurred by him by sitting or voting as a member of the Commons House of Parliament while holding the office of Chairman of the Local Appeal Board for a Royal Ordnance Factory, and shall be deemed not to have been or to be incapable of sitting or voting as a member of that House by reason only of his having held that office at any time before the passing of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Arthur Jenkins Indemnity Act, 1941.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two.

[18th December 1941.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have

b>

1941.

Consolidated Fund (No. i)

Act, 1941 ( S2).

Ch. 2.

441

resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, the sum of one thousand million pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in, which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1941 (Session 2).

Issue of £i, 000,000,000 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1942.

Power tor the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict c. 2.

[Short title.]

442 Ch. 3. ' Expiring Laws Continuance 5 & 6 Geo. 6. Act, 1941.

Continuance of Acts in Schedule. CHAPTER 3. An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[18th December 1941.] \* WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire— (a) as respects those mentioned in Part I of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and forty-one, and (б) as respects that mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and forty-two: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows' 1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and forty-two. (2) The Act* mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and forty-three. (3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

Short title and application to Northern Ireland. 2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1941. (2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

1941.

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1941.

Ch. 3.

443

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

I. 2. 3. 4-

Session and Chapter. Short title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(1)

4 Edw. 7. The Wireless Tele- The whole Act 6 Edw. 7. c. 13.

c. 24. (2) graphy Act, 1904. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 67. 16 A 17 Geo. 5. c. 54.

2 A 3 Geo. 5. c. 2. The Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. The whole Act

(3)

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 92. The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. Section one -

(4)

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 97* The Land Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919. Section two - 12 A 13 Geo. 5. c. 52.

(5)

16 A 17 Geo. 5. c. 28. The Mining Industry Act, 1926. Section eighteen —

(6)

20 A 21 Geo. 5- c. 50. The Public Works Facilities Act, 1930. The following provisions, that is to say, section two, except the words "or statutory undertakers", wherever those words occur; in section three, the words from the beginning of the section to' the word " under-taking"; section j five; subsections 1 (1) and (2) of section six; sections seven and eight; and the First Schedule except paragraph 2 of Part I.

(7)

24 A 25 Geo. 5- c. 30. The Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, Sections one and two.

I 1934-

Section 1.

444

Ch. 3,4.

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1941.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

1. 2. 3. 4.

Session and Chapter. Short title. 1 1 How far continued. Amending Acts.

(8) 24 & 25 Geo. The Debts Clearing The whole Act

5- c. 31. (9) 24 & 25 Geo. Offices and Import Restrictions Act, 1934. The Road Traffic Section one 1 Edw. 8. A

5- c. 50. Act, 1934. 1 Geo. 6. c. 5.

(10) 2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Prevention of The whole Act

c. 50. Violence (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

Part II.

(")

1 Edw. 8. & The Special Areas The whole Act —

1 Geo. 6. (Amendment)

c. 31- Act, 1937.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend the law as to the liability to national service.

[18th December 1941]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

General

obligation to serve.

4 & 5 Geo. 6 c. 15.

General obligation to serve.

1. It is hereby declared that all persons of either sex for the time being in Great Britain are liable to national service, whether under the Crown or not, and whether in the armed forces of the Crown, in civil defence, in industry, or otherwise:

Provided that—

(a) the liability of any person to whole-time service in the armed forces of the Crown or in or with a civil defence force within the meaning of the National Service Act, 1941, shall be such as may be imposed upon him under the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941;

1941.

National Service (No. 2)

Act, 1941.

Ch. 4.

445

(6) the liability of any person to any other form of national service (including part-time service in the armed forces of the Crown or in or with such a civil defence force as aforesaid) shall be such as may be imposed upon him under Defence Regulations;

(c) nothing in this section shall relieve any person from any liability to national service which he would be under apart from this section.

Amendments of National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941.

2. — (1) In section one of the National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939 (hereinafter referred to as the " principal Act "), for the words •" forty-one years," wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "fifty-one years

(2) Where a person who becomes liable to be called up by virtue of this section had, before the passing of this Act, become liable to be called up but had ceased to be so liable on attaining the age of forty-one years—

(a) he shall not be treated as prevented from making an

application for a postponement certificate by reason that he had previously made an application for such a certificate before the passing of this Act, whatever the result of the previous application;

(b) if his medical examination was completed before the

passing of this Act, the Minister may, if, in all the circumstances, he thinks that it is appropriate so to do, refrain from dismissing an application by him for a postponement certificate, notwithstanding that the application is made more than two days after the completion of his medical examination and that the delay in making the application is not related to the grounds thereof.

3. — (1) The National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, apply in relation to women as they apply in relation to men:

Provided that proclamations under section one of the principal Act may apply either to men only or to women only or to both men and women, and may make different provision in relation to men and women.

(2) The forces for service in which a woman shall be liable to be called up under the principal Act shall (without prejudice to her liability to be called up for civil defence under the National Service Act, 1941) be the Women's Royal Naval Service, the Auxiliary Territorial Service and the Women’s Auxiliary Air Force, and references in the principal Act and this

Extension of age to fifty.

2 & 3 Gee. 6. c. 81.

Extension of Acts to women.

'446

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 29.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 37.

Calling up of persons discharged from service of the Crown.

Ch. 4. National Service (No. 2) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Act to the armed forces of the Crown shall, in relation to women, be construed accordingly; and in subsection (1) of section four of the principal Act, references to entering or enlistment (except in the phrase " an enlistment notice ") shall, in relation to women, be construed as including references to enrolment:

Provided that subsection (1) of section eleven of the principal Act (which provides for exemptions from liability to be called up) shall have effect, in relation to women, as if for the exemption provided by paragraph (c) thereof for members of the armed forces of the Crown there were substituted an exemption for women of any of the classes specified in the Schedule to this Act, not being women whose enrolment or other undertaking to serve was for part time service only or for service without remuneration.

(3) At the end of subsection (1) of the said section eleven, the following words shall be inserted:—

" or

(h) is a married woman not living apart from her husband under a decree or order of any court or a woman who has living with her a child of hers under the age of fourteen (including a step-child and an illegitimate child, and, if the adoption took place before the passing of this Act, an adopted child (whether adopted under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, or otherwise))."

(4) No woman who is called up for service under the principal Act shall be required actually to use any lethal weapon or to take part in the actual use of any lethal weapon unless she has signified in writing her willingness to use lethal weapons or, as the case may be, to take part in the use thereof.

4. — (1) Where, whether before or after the passing of this Act, a person who—

(a) has at any time since the third day of September,

nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, served in the armed forces of the Crown (other than the Home Guard), or

(b) has been called up for civil defence under the National

Service Act, 1941,

has been discharged, he shall be liable to be called up whether or not any proclamation under section one of the principal Act is applicable to him:

Provided that this subsection shall not affect any exemption existing by virtue of section five or section eleven of the principal Act.

(2) The exemption provided by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section eleven of the principal Act, the exemption substituted

1941.

National Service (No. 2)

Act, 1941.

Ch. 4.

447/

therefor in the case of women by the last preceding section, and the exemption provided by paragraph of subsection (1) of section three of the National Service Act, 1941, shall not prevent the service of an enlistment or enrolment notice on a member of the armed forces of the Crown or of a civil defence force within the meaning of the National Service Act, 1941, and a notice served on any such member by virtue of this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding that there is no proclamation under section one of the principal Act applicable to him and notwithstanding that he has not been medically examined under that Act:

Provided that, if the person on whom a notice is served by virtue of this subsection is not discharged on or before the day on which he is required by the notice to present himself to the authority specified in the notice, the notice shall be void.

(3) A person shall not be liable to be called up by virtue of this section unless, by virtue of the proclamations made under section one of the principal Act before he is called up, persons of his age and sex are liable to be called up.

(4) In this section references to discharge include references to cashiering, dismissal, removal, retirement and resignation.

5. After subsection (2) of section four of the National Service Act, 1941 (which relates to the enforcement of requirements as to medical examination) there shall be inserted the following subsections:—

• " (2A) If any person, being a person who has made application for registration or who has at any time been provisionally registered, as a conscientious objector, has undergone or is undergoing a sentence of imprisonment for a term of three months or more imposed upon him for failing to comply with an order made under this section, then, if he claims that the offence was committed by reason of his conscientiously objecting to performing military service or combatant duties, he may apply in the prescribed manner to have his case considered by the appellate tribunal.

(2B) On any such application the appellate tribunal shall, if it finds that the offence for which the applicant was sentenced was committed by reason of such a conscientious objection as aforesaid, have power to make any order with respect to his registration as a conscientious objector which it would have had power to make on an appeal under section five of the principal Act, and any such order shall have effect immediately or upon his discharge from prison as the case may be."

Provision as to persons sentenced for failure to attend medical examination.

448

Amendment of Act by Defence Regulations.

2 <Sc 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

3 & .1 Gro. '> c. 20.

0

Expenses.

Interpretation.

Short title, citation and construction.

Section 3.

Ch. 4. National Service (No. 2) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1941.

Supplemental.

6. Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) and subsection (4) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as amended by subsection (2) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940, shall have effect as if this Act had been passed before the commencement of the last mentioned Act.

7. Any expenses incurred by the Minister, a Secretary of State, or any other Minister of the Crown in consequence of the passing of this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

8. — (1) In this Act—

" Defence Regulations " has the same meaning as in the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939;

" liable to be called up" means liable to be called up for service under the principal Act or for civil defence under the National Service Act, 1941.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

9. This Act may be cited as the National Service (No. 2) Act, 1941, and shah be construed as one with the principal Act, and shall be included in the Acts which may be cited as the National Service Acts. 1939 to 1941.

SCHEDULE.

Women exempted from liability to be called up.

1. Members of Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service or any reserve thereof.

2. Members of the Women’s Royal Naval Service.

3. Women medical practitioners serving in the Royal Navy or any naval reserve.

4. Members of Queen Alexandra's Imperial Military Nursing Service or any reserve thereof.

5. Members of the Territorial Army Nursing Service or any reserve thereof.

6. Members of the Auxiliary Territorial Service.

7. Women employed with the Royal Army Medical Corps or The Army Dental Corps with relative rank as officers.

8. Members of Princess Mary’s Royal Air Force Nursing Service or any reserve thereof.

9. Members of the Women’s Auxiliary Air Force.

10. Women employed with the Medical Branch or the Dental Branch of the Royal Air Force with relative rank as officers.

MEASURE

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE YEAR 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England.

To provide for the appointment of Diocesan Reorganisation Committees and to define their powers and duties; to provide for deferring the restoration of damaged churches and parsonage houses, and for suspending the exercise of rights of presentation in certain cases; and to enable Diocesan Boards of Finance to receive payments under the War Damage Act, 1941.

[29th July 1941.]

1. As soon as may be after the passing of this Measure and in any case not later than six calendar months thereafter the Diocesan Conference of every diocese within the Provinces of Canterbury and York, except the Diocese of Sodor and Man, shall appoint a committee responsible to the Diocesan Conference to be known as the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee, constituted in accordance with the Schedule to this Measure.

2. It shall be the duty of the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee in each diocese— (i)

(i) to act on behalf of the owners of all church lands within the diocese with regard to—

(a) the presentation and negotiation of claims for compensation in respect of such lands under the War Damage Act, 1941, or any Act extending or amending the same;

2 F

Appointment of Diocesan Reorganisation Committees.

Duties of Diocesan Reorganisation Committees.

4 & 5 Geo 6.

c. 12

No. i.

ii

Diocesan Reorganisation Committees 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1941.

(6) the receipt by the Diocesan Board of Finance of any payments made by the War Damage Commission in respect thereof; and

(c) the disposal or allocation of any such payments, after consultation so far as practicable with the owners of the lands concerned, and subject to any conditions determined by the War Damage Commission;

(ii) to give advice to incumbents and others concerned as to the execution or deferment of repairs to churches and other buildings on church lands within the diocese;

(iii) to make recommendations to the bishop for rearrangement of the pastoral supervision of any area within the diocese in which by reason of war damage or other circumstances arising out of the war such rearrangement may appear to them to be desirable, after consultation so far as practicable with the incumbents, patrons and parochial church councils within such area, including recommendations for alterations of parochial boundaries, the holding of benefices in plurality, unions or disunions of benefices and parishes, the restoration or disposal of churches or parsonage houses or the sites thereof, the appropriation or re-allocation of endowments and any other matters consequential upon the proposed rearrangement.

Power to defer restoration of churches.

3. — (1) If the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee shall recommend that any church within the diocese injured by war damage shall not be restored pending further consideration, the bishop may request the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to make an order deferring the restoration of the church for a period not exceeding five years, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may thereupon make an order accordingly.

(2) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall send a copy of such order to the registrar of the diocese concerned to be filed in the diocesan registry, and shall send copies also to the incumbent and patron of the benefice and to the parochial church council of the parish in which the church is situate.

(3) While such order shall be in force the church shall not be restored without the consent of the bishop, and in the meantime—

(i) neither the parochial church council nor any other person shall be liable to maintain or insure the fabric of the church or any part thereof, including the chancel, except to such extent (if any) as may be provided by the order;

I941* Diocesan Reorganisation Committees No. I.

Measure, 1941.

(ii) any payment made in respect of insurance against war damage of the furniture and other chattels belonging to the church shall be received by the Diocesan Board of Finance, who shall repay thereout on application the amount of any premiums paid in respect thereof pursuant to the War Damage Act, 1941, and shall hold or apply the balance of such payment and any investments representing the same for the benefit of such church if restored, and otherwise for the benefit of such other church or churches as the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee shall determine, after consultation with the incumbent and parochial church council of the parish concerned;

(iii) banns of marriage of persons entitled to be married in the church may be published and marriages of such persons may be solemnised in such other church chapel or place of worship within the diocese as the bishop shall in writing direct.

(4) Any such order shall be reconsidered on the written request of the incumbent or patron of the benefice or parochial church council of the parish concerned.

4. — (1) If the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee shall recommend that any parsonage house within the diocese injured by war damage shall not be restored, the bishop may request Queen Anne's Bounty to make an order deferring the restoration of such house for a period not exceeding five years, and Queen Anne's Bounty may thereupon make an order accordingly.

(2) Queen Anne's Bounty shall send a copy of such order to the registrar of the diocese concerned to be filed in the diocesan registry, and shall send copies also to the incumbent and patron of the benefice, the parochial church council of the parish concerned, and the Diocesan Dilapidations Board.

(3) As from the date of such order, the incumbent shall cease to be liable to maintain the said parsonage house in accordance with the law of ecclesiastical dilapidations, unless and until the same shall have been restored, and Queen Anne's Bounty and the Diocesan Dilapidations Board shall make such consequential variations in any assessments or orders under the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures 1923 to 1929 affecting such house and give such directions as to the repayment of any moneys paid under the said Measures and otherwise as the circumstances may from time to time require.

5. — (1) When the Ecclesiastical Commissioners have made an order under lection three of this Measure deferring the restoration of the principal church of any benefice, and the benefice is or

Power to defer restoration of parsonage houses.

Provisions as to patronage where restoration

iv

of the principal church is deferred.

Power to Diocesan Board of Finance to give receipts.

Interpretation.

No. i. Diocesan Reorganisation Committees 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1941.

afterwards becomes vacant, no presentation of a clerk to fill the benefice shall be made without the consent of the bishop for a term of five years from the date of this Measure. Provided that—

(i) the period between the making of the order or the

occurrence of the vacancy (whichever shall be the later) and the date when the consent of the bishop is given or the expiration of the said term of five years (whichever shall be the earlier) shall not be reckoned for purposes of lapse;

(ii) in making provision for the cure of souls during any such vacancy, the bishop shall consult with the patron of the benefice and the parochial church council of the parish concerned, and shall give effect so far as possible to their wishes.

(2) Any question arising under this section as to which is the principal church of a benefice shall be determined by the bishop.

(3) This section shall not apply to rights of presentation vested in or exercised by His Majesty, whether in right of his Crown or of his Duchy of Lancaster, or to rights of presentation vested in or exercised by His Majesty or by the Duke of Cornwall as the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, or to rights of presentation exercised by the Admiralty in respect of benefices the patronage of which belongs to Greenwich Hospital.

6. The Diocesan Board of Finance of the diocese shall have power on behalf of the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee to give a receipt for moneys paid under section thirty-nine of the War Damage Act, 1941, in respect of church lands within the diocese, and shall hold or apply such moneys and any investments representing the same for such purposes as the Diocesan Reorganisation Committee shall direct.

7. In this Measure the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

" the bishop" means the bishop of the diocese concerned;

" church lands " includes all land as defined by the War Damage Act, 1941, within the Provinces of Canterbury and York which is held and used for ecclesiastical purposes of the Church of England or for the advancement of religion or religious education in accordance with the principles of the Church of England, except land belonging beneficially to cathedral or collegiate bodies or central or diocesan organisations;

" Diocesan Dilapidations Board " has the meaning assigned to it by the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure, 1923;

1941.

Diocesan Reorganisation Committees

Measure, 1941.

No. 1.

v

the " patron " with reference to any benefice means the person or persons for the time being entitled otherwise than by lapse to present or collate to such benefice upon a vacancy;

" war damage " and " War Damage Commission " have the meanings assigned to them respectively by the War Damage Act, 1941.

8. This Measure may be cited as the Diocesan Reorganisation Short title.

Committees Measure, 1941.

SCHEDULE.

CONSTITUTION OF DIOCESAN REORGANISATION COMMITTEES.

1. The Diocesan Reorganisation Committee in every diocese shall consist of the following ex officio members, that is to say—

The bishop;

The suffragan bishops (if any);

The archdeacons;

and the following ordinary members, that is to say:—

Not less than ten or more than twenty other persons (of whom not less than one-third shall be of the clergy and not less than one-third shall be of the laity) elected or appointed by the Diocesan Conference or in such manner as the Diocesan Conference may direct, such persons not necessarily being members of the Diocesan Conference.

The Committee shall co-opt one person nominated by each of the following bodies which is not in the opinion of the Committee already adequately represented:—

the Diocesan Board of Finance;

the Diocesan Dilapidations Board;

the Diocesan Union of Benefices Committee (if any);

the Diocesan Advisory Committee for the care of churches;

the Diocesan Committee (if any) dealing with questions of

religious education.

2. The first ordinary members shall hold office until 1945. Thereafter ordinary members shall hold office for three years. The Committee shall have power to fill any casual vacancies and may act notwithstanding any vacancy in its membership.

3. The chairman of the Committee shall be the bishop or some other member of the Committee nominated by him.

2 G

No. i. Diocesan Reorganisation Committees 4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1941.

4. Five members of the Committee shall form a quorum.

5. The Committee shall have power to appoint sub-committees, including persons not members of the Committee, to consider the problems of such areas as are referred to in paragraph (iii) of section two, or for other special purposes.

6. Subject to the foregoing provisions, and to any directions given by the Diocesan Conference, the Committee shah have power to regulate its own procedure.

TABLE II.

SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE LEGISLATION OF 1941.

ACTS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY ENACTMENTS OF 4 & 5 AND (IN PART) 5 & 6 GEO. 6.

[Note.—References in the fourth column are to chapters of 4 & 5 Geo. 6 unless otherwise sta. A table of the effect of Defence Regulations upon statutes is printed in the volumes of Defence Regulations prepared in the Office of the Parliamentary Counsel and periodically published by . Stationery Office.]

Session and chapter. Short title or subject. How affected. Chapter of 1941 Act.

15 Car. 2 : c. 17 Draining of the Rights of Middle Level Commrs. saved. viii, sch. 1, para.

Bedford Level. 6.

6 Anne: c. 41 Succession to the S. 25 excluded {temp.). 8: and s5 A 6

7 Anne : c. 12 Crown Act, 1707 Diplomatic Privi- Extended {temp.). Geo. 6, c. 1. 7-

1 Geo. 1, st. 2 : c. 38 leges Act, 1708. Septennial Act, S. 7, substitution by 1911 48.

12 Geo. 3: c. 26 1715-Drainage of lands Act suspended. Saved, Ac. viii.

14 Geo. 3: c. 78 in Hunts, and Cambs. Fires Prevention Saved 41, s. 15 (3).

17 Geo. 3: c. 53 (Metropolis) Act, 1774. Clergy Residences S. 12 extended 12, s. 48 (5).

42 Geo. 3: c. 56 Repair Act, 1776. Medicines Stamp Repealed 42, s. 14, sch.

43 Geo. 3: c. 73 Act, 1802. Medicines Stamp Repealed 42, s. 14, sch.

Act, 1803. 2 H

Effect of Legislation.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

viii

Session and chapter. Short title or subject. How affected. Chapter of 1941 Act. 1

44 Geo. 3:

c. 98 Stamp Act, 1804 Repealed, on abolition of 42, s. 14, sch.

medicine duties.

52 Geo. 3:

c. 150 Medicines Stamp Repealed 42, s. 14, sch.

Act, 1812.

55 Geo. 3 : c. 184 57 Geo. 3 = Stamp Act, 1815 S. 54 repealed 42, s. 14, sch.

c. 97 Land revenues of S. 25 extended 12, s. 48 (3).

the Crown

* (Duchy of Lancaster).

4 Geo. 4:

c. 76 8 & 9 Vict.: Marriage Act, 1823 S. 19 amended (temp.) ... 47. ss- 2. 5 (5)-

c. 15 Auctioneers Act, S. 6 " or patent medicines" 42, s. 14. sch.

c. 18 1845-Lands Clauses repealed. Applied save as excluded 50, s. 9 (2). sch 4.

Consolidation Act, 1845.

c. 19 Lands Clauses Applied save as excluded 50, ss. 9 (2), 12

Consolidation (9), sch. 4.

(Scotland) Act, 1845.

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 99 Evidence Act, 1851. S. 7 applied 21, ss. 1 (6), 20.

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 119 Marriage and S. 9 excluded 47, ss. 3, 5 (1)

Registration Act, 1856. (5).

22 & 23 Vict.:

c. 31 Court of Probate S. 15 restricted (N.I.) ... 12, as. 45 (3), 07

Act (Ireland), 1859. (17).

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 49 Duchy of Cornwall S. 8 extended 12, s. 48 (4).

Management Act, 1863.

27 dc 28 Vict.:

c. 56 Revenue (No. 2) S. 6 amended 42, s. 14, sch.

Act, 1864.

c. 114 Improvement of S. 17 amended (S.) 50. s. 13 (1).

Land Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 89 Greenwich Hospi- Admiralty lands and war 12, s. 48 (6).

tal Act, 1865. damage contribution.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 109 (as Naval Discipline S. 57A (1) amended 29.

amended). 33 & 34 Vict. : Act.

c. 71 National Debt Applied, sch. 2 of 1939 18, s. 2; for date

Act, 1870. Act application modified (Oct. 8, 194D see S.R. & O.

1941 No. 155S.

37 & 38 Vict. : 12, ss. 19 (r).

c. 54 Rating Act, 1874 Rights under s. 6 and war

damage contribution. 20 (2) (3). 26 (11 (3) (4)-

38 & 39 Vict. : 42, s. 14, sch.

c. 23 Customs and In- S. 8 repealed

land Revenue Act, 1875.

A.D. 194*

Effect of Legislation.

ix

Session and Short title or How affected. Chapter of

chapter. subject. 1941 Act.

40 & 41 Vict.:

C. 2 Treasury Bills S. 6 (renewal of Treasury 6, s. 3 (2); 9, s.

Act, 1877. bills) excluded by 3 (2); 26, s. 2

annual Appropriation and Consolidated Fund Acts. (2); 38, s. 2 (2); 43, s. 2 (2); [5 6 Geo.6]c.2,s. 2.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 58 (as Army Act Ss. 190 (5) substituted. 17, ss. 3-6; and

amended). 108a (3) (b) proviso, 190 (5A) added. 47 (1), 54 (1) (d)amended. see s. 8 (reprinting).

50 ft 51 Vict.:

c. 16 National Debt and Ss. 15 applied, 13 (2), &c. 14, ss. 2 (2), 3, 5.

Local Loans Act, 1887. extended.

c. 28 Merchandise Extended (price control 31, ss. 1 (11), 23

Marks Act, 1887. mark). (3).

52 ft 53 Vict.:

c. 63 Interpretation Act, S. 38 (2) (effect of repeal) 8, s. 2 (2); 21,

1889. applied to expiration, ss. 16 (1), 20

&c. (2)-

53 54 Vict.:

c. 39 Partnership Act, S. 3 applicable by rules... 24, ss. 16 (2) (e).

1890. 29 (2).

54 55 Vict.:

c. 24 Public Accounts S. 2 extended 38, s. 3, sch. (B).

and Charges Act, 1891.

c. 38 Stamp Duties In ss. 9 proviso (c) and 26 42, s. 14, sch.

Management Act, 1891. " medicines or " repealed.

56 ft 57 Vict.:

c. 66 Rules Publication S. 1 (draft rules, prior 12 s. 93 (2) (war

Act, 1893. notice) excluded. damage); 21,

s. 16 (4) (allied powers (mari-

time coarts)); 24, s. 16 (3) (liabilities

(war-time adjustment)); 36 s. 3 (1) (U.S.A. securities).

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 7 Finance Act, 1900 S. 14 extended (war casual- 30, s. 46.

ties).

8 Edw. 7:

c. 16 Finance Act, 1908 S. 4 (4), " medicines and " 42, s. 14, sch.

repealed.

1 ft 2 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Parliament Act, S. 7 excluded (temp.). ... 4«-

1911.

4 ft 5 Geo. 5:

c. 47 Deeds of Arrange- Excluded 24, ss. i (ro).

ment Act, 1914. 29 (2).

c. 59 Bankruptcy Act, Ss. 28, 54 applied, s. 33 (1) 24, ss. i (2)

1914- (priority debts) saved 5 (2). 9 (1) (a),

and applied. 12 (1), 15 (6), (7). 24 (6), 28 (r), 29 (2); and see ss. io(4),[2r.

2 H 2

X

Effect of Legislation.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Session and chapter. Short title or subject. How affected. Chapter of 1941 Act

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 73 Naval Discipline (No. 2) Act, 1915- S. 2 (adding new s. 57A) amended. 29.

c. 89 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915. S. 11 repealed 42, s. 14. sch.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

— Air Force Act (as Ss. 190 (5) substituted, 17. »• 3. a* see s. 8 (reprinting).

8 & 9 Geo. 5 : amended). 190 (5A) and 108A (3) (1 b) proviso added.

c. 40 Income Tax Act, 1918. S. 33 and Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A restricted. Applied and amended. Rule 8 of Rules applicable to Schedule B repealed, ss. 32 (3) (a), 1 05(1) (*>), 149 (1) (d) amended. Rule 8 of No. V of Sch. A excluded. Rule 8 of No. VII of Sch. A modified, in Rules applicable to Cases 1 and II of Sch. D Rule 2 excluded and Rule 13 extended. Rule 23 of General Rules saved, new provisions for Sch. A tax recovery and war damage adjustment, charge of farming and market gardening under Sch. D, Sch. D allowance for exceptional depreciation, place of assessment under Schs. D and E. 12, s. 84 («) (6). 30, Part II (as. 4-27), ss. 36. 47. 52 (3) (5) (7), schs. 1. 5

9 & 10 Geo. 5 : 8, ss. 1 (3) (t-

c 2. Re-election of Saving for persons ap-

• Ministers Act, 1919. pointed to offices in schedule. 2 (2).

10 & n Geo. 5:

c. 18 Finance Act, 1920 S. 18 amended 30. s. 6 (3).

c. 49 Blind Persons Act, 1920. S. 2 (1) amended (June 2, 1941 : see S.R. & O. 1941 Nos. 650 and 726). S. 2 amended 11, ss. 3, 5, 8 (2|. 39, SS. I (I) (&!• io-i,sch.i Part II para, 2 (f)

c. 67 Government of S. 4 (legislative compe- 24, s. 25 (liabili-

Ireland Act, tence) and s. 6 (Acts ties (war-time

11 & i2 Geo.5 : 1920. passed after appointed day) extended. adjustment)); 31, S. 22 (•< (price control;, 39. s- 11 (increased benefit); 41- s. 18 («»r damage).

c. 47 Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921. Power to exempt articles from duty under s. 1 extended. 30, ss. 2, 52 (5?-

i2&i3 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Finance Act, 1922 S. 26, effect of payment for— war damage war injury to employee 12, s. 84 (c). 30, s. 17 (2) (<■)•

A.D. 1941.

Effect of Legislation.

xi

Sessicfn and chapter. Short title or subject. How affected. Chapter of 1941 Act.

14 & 15 Geo. 5:

C. 21 Finance Act, 1924 S. 38 extended 30, s. 46.

c. 24. Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924. S. 4 (cocoa duties) continued. 32.

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 18 Settled Land Act, 1925- Ss. 71, 73 extended 12, s. 48 (1).

c. 20 Law of Property Act, 1925. Ss. 28 extended, 149 (6) modified. S. 101, Ac., applied (powers of county council, Ac.). S. 42 (2) applied as modified. 12, ss. 48 (1), 95 (4) («)• 50, s. 8 (4).

C. 21 Land Registration Act, 1925. 24, ss. 5 (2), 28 (1). 29 (2).

c. 22 Land Charges Act, 1925. Part VI (local land charges) applied. S. 15 extended 12, s. 7 (6). 50, s. 8 (4).

c. 23 Administration of Estates Act, 1925- S. 9 restricted S. 34 (1), sch. 1 Part I excluded, s. 34 (3), sch. 1 Part II variable by court. 12, ss. 45 (3). 96 (10), 97 (17)- 24, ss. 13 (3), 24 (6), 29 (2).

c. 24 Universities and College Estates Act, 1925. Ss. 26, 31 extended 12, s. 48 (1).

c. 36 Finance Act, 1925 Ss. 7 (1) continued, 15 (r) (2) amended, 15 (4) superseded (on further amdt. of s. 105 (1)). 30, ss. 1 (1), 6 (2), 22, 52 (5)-

c. 49 Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925. S. 141 (1) amended 30. s. Si-

c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925. Ss. 5 and (as amended) 7 continued. 32-

c. 84 Workmen's Compensation Act, 1925- S. 3 (2) (a) amended 39, s. 13.

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 22 Finance Act, 1926 Ss. ro (5), 12 (1) extended, 33 amended and excluded. 30, ss. 2, 10 (5), 11 (5). 52 (5).

c. 27 17 A 18 Geo. 5 : Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926. S. 8 (r) (as amended) continued. 32.

c. 10 Finance Act, 1927 Ss. 29, 40 (2) amended, 29 excluded. S. 2 repealed 30, ss.6 (1), 10(5), 11 (5), 52 (5)-42, s. 14, sch.

18 A 19 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 S. 23 (4) amended; power to raise money for purposes mentioned in paras, (a) and (b). 30. s. 49 (2).

19 A 20 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Local Government Act, 1929. S. 86, third fixed grant period extended; ss. 94 (1) (&). 97 (1) (&), 100 (1) (b), amounts stabilised; ss. 93, 101—2, term of schemes extended; ss. ior (5), 104, i3r (2) saved and applied. 33-

Effect of Legislation.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

xii

Session and Short title or How affected. Chapter of

chapter. subject. 1941 Act.

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

C. 21 Finance Act, 1929 S. 4 (1) proviso continued 3. s- 1 (2).

(hop oil).

c. 23 Companies Act, Ss. 264 (i)-(3), 267 applied 24, ss. 5 (2), 9

1929. (1) , 15 (6) (6) (c). 24 (6), (2) .

c. 25 Local Government S. 53, third fixed grant 45-

(Scotland) Act, 1929- period extended; ss. 60 (1) (b). 63 (1) (6),

amounts stabilised; s.

66 saved and applied.

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Isle of Man S. 3 proviso continued ... 32.

(Customs) Act, 1929-

c. 17 Poor Law Act, S. 48 (2) amended 39, s. 1 (1) (£).

1930. sch. 1 Part II para. 2.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1930 S. 48, sch. 1 Part II para. 30, ss. 12 (1), 15

3 excluded. (3). 50. sch. 1 Part I para. 7-

c. 43 Road Traffic Act, S. 48 (9), " traffic sign," 12, s. 41 (su

1930- war damage to. para. (12)

c- 44 Land Drainage Ss. 24 (2) excluded, 46, 75 50, ss. 5 (5) (6).

Act, 1930. extended, 7 saved. 6, schs. 2, 3 para. 7.

22 & 23, Geo. 5:

c. 22 Army and Air S. 15 (1) excluded, (2) (3) 17, ss. 2 (2), 8.

Force (Annual) Act, 1932. extended (temp.). 30, ss. 19 (I). 38.,

c. 25 Finance Act, 1932 S. 18 applied

52 (5). sch. 3; para. x.

c. 31 Marriage (Naval, S. 1 (2) (d) substituted ... 47. s-4-

Military and Air Force Chapels)

c. 37 Act, 1932. Solicitors Act, Ss. 32 (1) proviso (6), 33 46, ss. 1 (6), 2 (3!-

1932. repealed, 26 (1), 37 (1) 3(1) (1 r). 5-10.

(2) (6). 38, sch. 3 substi- 12 (1), 13, 1*

tuted, ss. 5 (2), 6, 7 (2), (xo), 18 (2),

16 (2). 21 (2) (3) (4). 19-23. 25-6.

23* 29, 37 (3) (5). 4i (4). 29,30 (2), schs.

46,47 (1), 48-9 amended, 43 extended," discipli- 2. 3-

nary enactments " (Part I) applied.

c. 41 Isle of Man S. 9 continued 32.

(Customs) (No. 2) Act, 1932.

46, SS. IO, 30 (2).

c. 55 Administration of S. 5 superseded (new s. 38

Justice Act, 1932. substituted).

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

c. 19 Finance Act, 1933 S. 2 (2) (4) (beer duty and 30, S. I.

drawback) continued.

c. 24 Solicitors Act, Ss. 3 superseded (new s. 46, ss. 10, 18 (3J.

1933- 38 substituted), 2 (2) extended, 4 (" public offi- 21, 30 (2).

cers ") applied.

A.D. 1941.

Effect of Legislation.

xiii

Session and

chapter.

Short tit,e or

subject.

How affected.

Chapter of

1941 Act.

23 & 24 Geo. 5: c. 25

Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933-

c. 40

24 & 25 Geo. 5 : c. 29

c. 50 c. 52

c. 53

25 & 26 Geo. 5 : c. 24

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8:

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1933.

Unemployment Assistance Act, 1934-

Road Traffic Act, 1934-Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1934.

County Courts Act, 1934.

Finance Act, 1935

Ss. 9 (3) substituted and restricted, 1 (4), 8, 9 (1) (6) (c), 10 (2). 11 (1), 12, 13 (1), 14 (3) (4), 25, sch. 1 para. 3 amended, ss. 14 (1) (3)-(5) extended, 18 (1) (c), 21 (2)-(7). 25 (5)-(io)

applied, 7 (2). 14 (2), 25 (1) restricted, &c.

S. 4 continued

Ss. 44, 46, 47 (b) repealed (April, 1942 : see S. R. & O. 1941 No. 1296), 38 (3) amended, 52 (1) extended, 52 (2)-(4)

applied, U.A.Fund to be closed.

S. 38 (3) («) amended ...

S. 18, traffic sign, war damage to.

S. 11 (1) amended

S. hi applied

S. 19 (1) (2) amended

42, ss. 1 (1)

(2) (5) (6). 4-7. 11 (2) («) (i) (4), 15, 17 (1), 19 (2).

32.

11.

39, s. 1 (1) (6), sch. 1 Part II para. 2.

12, s. 41 : para. (12) ( ). 39, s. 1 (1) (6), sch. 1 Part II para. 2.

24, ss. 20 (1), 29

(2).

30, s. 6 (4).

c. 2

c. 3

c. 32

c- 33

Government of India Act, 1935. Government of Burma Act, 1935-

... National Health, Insurance Act, 1936.

Widows’, Orphans' and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1936.

Ss. 61 (2) excluded, 62 (2) saved (temp.).

S. 18 (2) saved, (4) excluded (temp.).

Ss. 154 (x) (b), 192 (4) (b) repealed; 6, 7, 16 (1), 28 (2) proviso, 34 (2) (3) proviso (b), 44, 118

(2) , 129 (1). 130 (1) (c), 131 (1) (a), 132 (1), 135

(3) . 139 (a) (c), 144 (1) (a) (2) (a). 154 (2), 157 (3), sch. 1 Part II, para. (A), sch. 2 Part I amended; power (temp.) to adapt Insurance Acts to war conditions by regs.; power to make regs. as to certificates granted under paras. (&)-(if) of sch. 1 Part II; ss. 167 (2) applied, 12 saved.

S. 17 (7) from " and shall," sch. 4 para. 2 repealed, sch. 1 Part II substituted, ss. 14 (2) proviso, 17 (4) (5). sch. 2, sch. 4, para. 1 (a) amended, power (temp.) to adapt Pensions Acts to war conditions by regs.

44-

44.

39. ss. 1, 2, 3 (1)

(3)-(5). 4. 5. 7 (x) (2). 8-11, 12 (1) (3) (4). schs. 1-3.

39, ss. 2, 3 (2) (3), 7 (3). 8-xx» 12 (2)-(4), sch. 2 Part II, para. 8. sch. 3.

xiv

Effect of Legislation.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Session and chapter. Short title or subject. How affected. Chapter of 1941 Act

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8:

c. 35 Solicitors Act, 1936. Ss. 10-1 superseded (new ss- 37 (x). 3 substituted), 1 (2). 2 (3), 6 (4), 7 (3) (6) amended, 2 (2) excluded. 46, ss. 5 (1). 10, 14 (1). 15. 26 (1) (b)(5) (6) (ii). 29, 30 (2), sch. 3.

c. 43 Tithe Act, 1936... Ss. 13 (6), 47, &c., effect of War Damage Act. 12, ss. 19 (5), 48 (5) (&). 62 (10).

c- 45 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1936. S. 3 continued 32.

1 £dw. 8 ft 1 Geo. 6:

c. 22 Local Government (Financial Provisions) Act, S. 1, third fixed grant period extended; s. 6 excluded. 33. ss. r, 2.

c. 29 1937-Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1937- S. 1, third fixed grant period extended, s. 5 excluded. 45-

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 S. 1 continued 30, s. 1.

c. 64 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1937- S. 3 continued ... ... 32-

c. 68 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937. S. 40 (1), definition of "officer " saved. 39. *. 3 (5)-

c. 69 Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937- S. 34 (1), definition of "officer " saved. 39. s. 3 (5).

c. 70 Agriculture Act, 1937- Ss. 2 repealed, 1 (3), 15 (3) substituted, 16 amended, 15 applied. 50. ss. 1, 2, 4, 12 (4). M

i & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Air - Raid Precautions Act, S. 10 amended 10.

c. II x937-Blind Persons Act, 1938- S. 2 (1) (amdt. of 1920 Act) amended (June 2, 1941 : see S.R. ft O. 1941 Nos. 650 and 726). 11, ss. 3, 5, 8 (2); see also c. 39, sch. 1 Part II, para. 2 (c).

c. 46 Finance Act, 1938 S. 22 applied 30, s. 19 (1), sch. 3. para. 1.

c. 68 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938. S. 5 continued 32-

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 31 Civil Defence Act, 1939- War damage to air-raid shelters. 12, s. 42.

c. 50 Prevention of Violence (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939. Continued [5 ft 6 Geo. 6] 3.

c. 57 War Risks Insurance Act, 1939- ! i Ss. 7 (4)*. 10, 11 (2) proviso (with saving), 15 (3)* repealed; 7 (ia) (2A), 9 (ib) (ic), II (ia) added; 15 (1) (a) substituted, new s. 15 (4) (4A) (4B) substituted for s. 15 (4)* : ss. 7 (3). 11 (1) (3). iia (1)*. 15 (2) amended; 11 (4) saved; goods insurable under Part II excluded. 12, ss. 60 (4) (a). 73-9. 87 (6), 102 (2), sch.|5. Parti.

• For ss. 7 (4), 11 a, 15 (3) (4) thus affected in the Defence (War Risks Insurance) Regulations. 1940 (S.R. A O. 1940 (No. 771) II, p. 245).

A.D. 1941.

Effect of Legislation.

xv

2

Session and

chapter.

Short title or

subject.

How affected.

Chapter of

1941 Act.

A 3 Geo. 6: c. 62

Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, I939-

Purposes of Defence Regulations extended, &c.: provision for requisitioned land.

S. 1 (2) ( d) (4) extended, regs. and orders applied.

Detention under Act (removal to I. of Man).

Ss. 1 (2) (d) (4) extended, 8 (1) (2) applied.

Orders under Act controlling supply.

Power to make Defence Regulations saved.

S. 1 (2) (d) (4) extended ...

12, ss. 44, 88, 95 (i)-

15* ss- 3 (1) (g) W. 14-16.

22, s. 2 (1).

3i. s. 4 (2).

36. S. 3 (4).

[5 & 6 Geo. 6] 4, s. 6: and see ss.

1 (1) (6). 8.

c. 67

... Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939-

Effect of liabilities adjustment provisions; Act extended; power of court to exclude s. 1 (5).

24. ss. 3 (1) (iil) (2) (c)(4). 6 (1), 10 (4), 24 (4) (6), 26, 28 (2), 29 (2).

c. 72

... Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act, 1939-

Ss. 13 (with saving), 14, and in s. 24 definition of "war damage" repealed; ss. 4, 6 (1) (4) (5). 8 (2) (3). 9 (i)-(3). 10-2,15,23 (1) amended; 4, 9 (1) (a), 10, and Part II (short tenancies) restricted; ss. 4, 10 25 extended, in s. 24 definition of " landlord " explained; ss. 7 saved, 1 excluded.

41, ss. 1 (1) (9) (10), 2 (1) (2) (4) (5) (8). 5 (1) (4) (6), 6 (1). 10,13,15-6,17 (i)-(4), 18, sch.

c 73

c. 74

Housing (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939.

Ss. 2 (3), 4 (4) repealed ...

Ss. 1 (d) and proviso re-

pealed; 1 (2), 2 (5), 3 (ia) added, paras, (ii) (iii) substituted for para, (ii) of s. 1; ss. 1 extended, 1 (i), 4 (1), 6 (2) (a) (" war damage ") amended.

12, ss. 51, 96 (22), 102 (2), sch.

5 Part I.

34-

... Essential Buildings and Plant (Repair of War Damage) Act, 1939-

Ss. 1 (4) (iii), 3 (3), 5 (6) (c) repealed; 1 (3)

(4) (ii), 2 amended.

Ss. 3 (5). 4 (1). 5 (e)

amended, 3 (5) restricted.

12, ss. 52, 85, 102 (2), sch. 5 Parti.

34, ss. 3-6, 7 (2). 8 (2), sch.

c. 75

c. 80

... Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939.

War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939.

Excluded (salvage), ss. 1 (1) (c). 2 (1) (6), 4 (1) proviso (ii) amended, 2 (1) (6) restricted, 15 applied.

S. 11, definition of "war damage " repealed and replaced; s. 4 restricted.

12, ss. 3 (6) (6),

44 (3) (f>). 53. 80 (5) (6), 81.

40, ss. 3 (1), 7 (2).

xvi

Effect of Legislation.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Session and

chapter.

Short title or

subject.

How affected.

Chapter of

1941 Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6: c. 81

c.84

c. 97

c. 108

c. 109

c. 113

c. 115

c. 117

c. 118

National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939.

National Health Insurance and Contributory Pensions (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939-Import Duties (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939-Possession of Mortgaged Land (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939-Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1939-Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939. National Loans Act, 1939.

Prices of Goods Act, 1939.

Act extended (civil defence), ss. 3 (5) (with saving). 5 (8), 14 (5) repealed, 11 (1) (a) substituted, 5(6) (9), 6 (3) (6). 12 (3), 14 amended, 3, 5 (10), 6, 14 (4) and, as to enlistment notice, ss. 6, 7 extended, ss. 2 (6), 3 (1) (2), 7, 12 (3) applied, 5 (10) excluded.

Extended generally and to women, ss. n (1) (A) added, 1, 11 (1) (c)

amended, 5, 11 saved.

Ss. 1 (2) (a), 2 (1) (c) (i), 3 amended.

S. 2 (1) extended

Extended to mortgages made after commencement of war, s. 1 (1) amended.

S. 13 (8), sch. 7 Part I, paras. 2 and 3 amended, ss. 9 (6) superseded on fresh amendment, 11 extended, 13 (2) saved, 14 (1), " income tax

principles" applied as modified.

Effect of liabilities adjustment provisions; power of court to exclude s. 1 (4).

Continued, ss. 4 (2)—(4), 8 (6a) (fid) added.

Sch. 2 para. 1 substituted (Oct. 8, 1941 : see S.R. & O. 1941 No. 1558), s. 1 extended.

Ss. 5 (6), 6, 7 (2), 8 (3) (7). 11-3, 16 (1) (2), 19 (4). 20, 21 (a) repealed; ss. 1 (as regards maximum-price goods) and 5 (1) substituted; 9, 14 (2), 19 (2), sch. 1, sch. 2 para. 1 (1) amended; power to amend sch. 1 by order; ss. 8 (2) (4)-(6) (10), 18, 21 ( extended, 10, 14-5, 17, 19 (1) (3)-(5), sch. 2 applied; s. 5 restricted.

15, ss. 1, 2 (3) (4) (8),3(i)(i)-4.5 (4) (7). 6. 7 (3). 8-11, 12 (3).

16 (2). sch.

[5 & 6 Geo. 6' 4.

39, ss. 2 (6), 10. sch. 2 Part 11, para. 7.

30, ss. 2.52 (5).

24. s- 27.

30, ss. 8, 22, 29

(2) (a), 30 W

(3) (*). 3i (5)-37 (5)* 38. 39 (1). 43. 52 (5)-sch. 3.

24, ss. 3 (1) (ill), 10 (4), 24 (4). 28 (2), 29 (2).

49-

18.

31, ss. I (5) (S)-(il). 2 (5). 3

(2) . 5-7. (3)-10 (4), ii ID

(3) , 12-4,16(4) (5). 17-8. (1) (4). 23 (2) (3), schs. x-3-

A.D. 1941.

JEffect of Legislation.

XVII

Session and chapter. Short title or subject. How affected. Chapter of 1941 Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 119 Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939- S. 2 (2a) added 19.

3 & 4 Geo. 6:

c. 13 Old Age and Widows* Pensions Act, 1940. S. 15 (2) repealed (April 1, 1942 : see S.R. & O. 1941 No. 1296). Ss. 4 (2) (4) amended, 10 and sch. 2 (as applying s. 38 (3) (a) of 1940 Act) amended. 11, s. 7 (2). 39, ss. 2 (6), 6. 10, sch. 1 Part 11, para. 2.

c. 14 Agriculture Ss. 14 (1), 15 (1), 29 (1) («) 50, ss. 3-5, 12

(Miscellaneous amended, 14 extended (4). 13 (2). 14.

War Provisions) Act, 1940. with provision for advances, s. 14, sch. 5 applied as modified. sch. 1.

c. 19 Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940. S. 7 extended 15. s- 3 (3) (*)•

:. 20 Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, S. 1 (2) (amending the 1939 Act as to amdt. of

1940- enactments by regs.) extended :— War Damage Act ... National Service Act Fire Services (E.P.) Act. National Service (No. 2) Act. 12, s. 88 (2). 15. ?• 14- 22, ss. 2 (1), 3 (2).

[5 & 6 Geo. 6] 4, s. 6.

C. 22 National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1940. Extended [5 & 6 Geo. 6] 4, ss. 1-3, &c.

c. 29 Finance Act, 1940 Ss. 14 (2), 26 (3) and in part 27 (2) repealed, 27(2) (iii) (9) added, 27(7), sch. 5 Part II, para. 3 (3) (*) (now (j)) substituted, 17, 26 (2), 27 (3)-(5). 30 (2), 32, sch. 5 Part III, para. 3 (5) amended, ss. 8, 27, 64 (2) extended, 26 (2), 33 (1), sch. 5 applied. 27 restricted, 27 (8). 64 (1), sch. 5 Part IV, para. 6 (2) excluded. 30, ss. 3, 13 (3), 24. 29 (3)-(7). 30 (2)-(5). 32. 33 (4). 34. 4i. 42. 43 (2). 46. 52, schs. 4. 5.

c. 37 Courts (Emergency Powers) S. 3 extended (national service). 15. s. 3 (3) (*).

Amendment Act, 1940. Act extended to contracts made after war began, s. 3 applied. 24, s. 26.

c. 48 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940. Ss. 7 (1) applied, 25 (1) modified (power to exempt). 3P. ss. 5. 48.

c. 49 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1940. Ss. 1-6 continued 32.

c. 50 Agriculture Ss. 1 (i), 2 (1) (8), 7 (1) 50, ss. 3, 6 (3),

(Miscellaneous War Provisions) (No. 2) Act, 1940. amended, 2 extended 7, 8 (2), 13 (2), 14-

xviii

Effect of Legislation.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

Session and

chapter.

4 & 5 Geo. 6: c. 7

C. 12

c. 15

Short title or

subject.

How affected.

Chapter of

1941 Act.

Diplomatic Privileges (Extension) Act, 1941.

War Damage Act,

1941.

Ss. 1, 2, land of persons privileged (war damage).

12, s. 38 (1).

Part II explained (trustees' powers), ss. 67 saved, 82 extended.

Income tax and excess profits tax allowances (" net cost.")

Part I payment provisions extended ('* second risk

28.

30, s. 19 (3). «h. 3 para. 2.

37.

period"), references in ss. 2, 17-36, 41, 44-5 adapted.

S. 80 (i)-(3) (" war

damage ") applied (S.).

Effect of Commission’s determinations: ss. 9

(3) («). 94 extended. 9 excluded, 57-8,90 and sch. 1, para. 6 applied as modified, s. 80 (1)-(3) (" war damage")

applied; power of N.I. legislature.

40, s. 7 (2).

41, ss. 2-6, 8, 9, 16, 17 <2) (5). 18.

S. 16 restricted (requisi-

50, s. 9 (4)-

National Service Act, 1941.

tioned land).

Church lands provisions; see Diocesan Reorganisation Committees Measure (No. 1, ss.

2. 3 (3) (ii). 6. 7. &c.).

Extended generally and to [5 & 6 Geo. 6] 4, women, ss. 4 (2A) (2b) ss. 1, 3-5. added, 3 (1) (j) amended.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

